                                               1

              Exemption No. 11193

      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

          WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of

3D AERIAL SOLUTIONS, LLC                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0872

for an exemption from part 21;
§§ 45.23;45.29; 61.113; 61.133; 91.9; 91.109;
91.119; 91.121; 91.151; 91.203; and 91.401-
91.417 of Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

         By letter dated October 13, 20141, Mr. Bret R. Givens, President (hereinafter
Petitioner or Operator), 3D Aerial Solutions, LLC, 4725 Constitutional Court, Dayton, Ohio
45440, petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption from part 21;
§§ 45.23, 45.29, 61.113, 61.133, 91.9, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151, 91.203, and 91
Subpart E (91.401-91.417) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate the SenseFly eBee Mini Drone unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct precision photogrammetry and crop scouting for precision
agriculture.

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner proposes to operate the SenseFly eBee Mini Drone UAS to conduct precision
photogrammetry and crop scouting for precision agriculture. See Appendix A for the petition
submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations, including the regulations that the
petitioner seeks an exemption.

The petitioner has provided the following information to support its request for an exemption:

1 By letter dated February 2, 2015, and posted to the public docket on February 3, the petitioner responded to the
FAA's request for information.

AFS-15-087-E
                                                                   2

     1) SenseFly eBee User Manual Rev. 14

The petition and the document above are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents.

The FAA evaluated the petition and determined it was not precedent-setting. Therefore, a
summary of the petition was not published in the Federal Register for public comment.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into four sections: (1) UAS, (2) the UAS pilot in
command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating parameters, and (4) the public interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21 Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance
with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC
§ 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this
aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief
from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned aircraft conducting aerial imagery operations can weigh thousands of pounds, are
operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as well as carry
large quantities of fuel. The petitioner's UA weighs approximately 1.5 pounds with no
onboard pilot or crew. The pilot and crew will be remotely located from the aircraft. The
limited weight and construction reduces the potential for harm to persons or damage to
property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during
an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for the proposed operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
unmanned aircraft (UA) carries no fuel and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or
accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to land safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and is also able to respond to a loss of global positioning system
(GPS) or a lost-link event with pre-coordinated automated landing maneuvers. These safety
features provide an equivalent level of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding a
restricted airworthiness certificate performing a similar operation.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b) Display of marks and §
45.29 Size of marks the petitioner presumably requests this relief under the assumption that
marking with the word "experimental" will be required as a condition of a grant of exemption.
However, this marking is reserved for aircraft that are issued experimental certificates under
14 CFR § 21.191. The petitioner's UAS will not be certificated under § 21.191, and therefore
                                                                   3

the "experimental" marking is not required. Since the petitioner's UAS will not be certificated
under § 21.191, a grant of exemption for § 45.23(b) is not necessary. However, the
petitioner's UA must be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with
14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with
14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable, per § 45.29(f).

The petitioner requested relief from14 CFR §§ 91.405(a) Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(1)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records. The FAA has
evaluated the petitioner's request and determined that cause for exemption to these
requirements is warranted. The FAA notes that the petitioner's operating documents contain
preflight and post flight checks, as well as scheduled maintenance every 10 hours for the
UAS. The FAA has also determined that relief from § 91.409(a)(1) is also necessary because
it is an alternate inspection requirement of § 91.409(a)(2). The FAA finds that adherence to
the operating documents, as required by the conditions and limitations below, is sufficient to
ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

UAS Pilot In Command

The petitioner requested relief from FAA Order 8900.227 paragraphs 16(c)(2)(c). 2 The FAA
does not grant exemptions from its Orders, such as 8900.227.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b), Private pilot
privileges and limitations and 14 CFR 61.133(a) Commercial pilot privileges and limitations,
the petitioner requested regulatory relief to operate its UAS without an FAA-certificated pilot.
However, the FAA does not possess the authority to exempt the petitioner from the statutory
requirement to hold an airman certificate, as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711. Although Section
333 provides limited flexibility to the statutory requirement to hold an airworthiness
certificate, it does not provide flexibility for other requirements of title 49. For further
information see Exemption No. 11110, Trimble Navigation, Ltd.

The FAA is also requiring a pilot certificate for UAS operations because pilots holding an
FAA issued private or commercial pilot certificate are subject to security screening by the
Department of Homeland Security that certificated airmen undergo. As previously
determined by the Secretary, the requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates
security concerns over civil UAS operations conducted in accordance with Section 333.

Given these grounds, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for
the petitioner's proposed operation. Under current regulations, civil operations for
compensation or hire require a PIC holding a commercial pilot certificate, per 14 CFR part 61.
Based on the private pilot limitations, in accordance with pertinent parts of 14 CFR
§ 61.113(a), a pilot holding a private pilot certificate cannot act as a PIC of an aircraft for

2 The FAA notes that the notice referenced above is now incorporated into FAA Order 8900.1, vol. 16, chap. 4,
sec. 1.
                                                                   4

compensation or hire. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial
(Astraeus), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating the
Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.

The petitioner proposes to operate with a pilot who does not possess any FAA issued pilot
certificate. This is similar to other petitions for exemption previously filed with and
considered by the FAA. As in Exemption Nos. 11109 (Clayco, Inc.) and 11170 (Viafield),
the FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and determined it does not differ
significantly from these grants of exemption. The petitioner plans to operate in the NAS over
controlled access property with the permission of the property owner/controller, while also
limiting property access to consenting participants while operations are underway. Given: 1)
the similar nature of the petitioner's proposed operating environment to that of Clayco and
Viafield, 2) the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those
of commercial requirements [ref: Exemption No. 11062, Astraeus Aerial], and 3) the
airmanship skills necessary to operate in the UAS, the FAA finds that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not necessarily correlate to
the airmanship skills required for the petitioner's proposed operations. Therefore, the FAA
finds that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate
is appropriate for the proposed operations.

With regard to the airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS, the petitioner has proposed
pilot qualification criteria and a training program. The conditions and limitations below
stipulate that the petitioner may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has completed
the petitioner's training program, that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles
and structures. The petitioner is responsible for assessing its operations and identifying any
additional skills required to operate safely under normal and abnormal conditions. Normal
condition skills may include the ability to maintain altitude, maintain visual line of sight
(VLOS), and navigational skills. Abnormal condition skills may include the ability to avoid
obstacles, avoid air traffic, and respond to loss of link.

In conclusion, the FAA finds that a PIC holding a current private pilot certificate and a third-
class airman medical certificate, and who has completed the petitioner's flight training
requirements, can conduct the proposed UAS operations without adversely affecting the
safety of the National Airspace System (NAS) and persons or property on the ground. Upon
consideration of the overall safety case presented by the petitioner and the concerns of the
commenters, the FAA finds that granting the relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) is warranted.
The FAA also finds that relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(b) is not necessary. Additionally, relief
from 14 CFR § 61.133(a) is not necessary.

The petitioner indicates it plans to supplement its proposed operation(s) with a visual observer
(VO), and likewise requests relief from the requirement (in FAA Order 8900.1) that the VO
possess a second-class medical certificate. The FAA notes that one of the determinations for
                                                                   5

operations under section 333 is operation within VLOS. As the PIC is determined to be in
command of the UA, he or she must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The FAA also
notes that a visual observer complements the PIC's capability to see and avoid other aircraft
including when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks (e.g.,
maneuvering the aircraft close to structures, vehicles, or other objects). The VO provides an
additional level of operational safety and thus the UA must never be operated beyond the
actual visual capabilities of the VO, and the VO and PIC must have the ability to maintain
VLOS with the UA at all times. The conditions and limitations below stipulate that the PIC
must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents. It
is the responsibility of the PIC to be limit operations of the UA to distances within the visual
capabilities of both the PIC and VO. Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to
Astraeus Aerial, the FAA does not consider a medical certificate necessary for the VO.

UAS Operating Parameters

While the petitioner did not request relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft
airworthiness, the FAA considers the petitioner's compliance with its operating documents
to be a sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition. Therefore, relief from §
91.7(a) is granted. The petitioner is still required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy
condition, based on compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as
stated in the conditions and limitations below.

In accordance with 14 CFR § 91.7(b) Civil aircraft airworthiness, the PIC of the UAS is
responsible for determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. The FAA, as
in grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus, has determined that the operating documents
include procedures to be used prior to each flight that can ensure compliance with § 91.7(b).
The petitioner is required to ensure that its aircraft is in a condition for safe flight ­ based on
compliance with the operating documents­ prior to every flight.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) and 14 CFR § 91.203
Civil aircraft: Certifications required, the FAA has previously determined in Grant of
Exemption 11062, Astraeus Aerial, that relief from these sections is not necessary. Relevant
materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other company-designated individual, that would
require that individual to have fully functioning dual controls. Rather, the petitioner intends to
accomplish training as described in the operating documents. This exemption will require
that training operations only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. The FAA finds
that safety will not be adversely impacted if the petitioner follows the training outlined in the
operating documents. Therefore, the FAA finds that relief is not necessary.
                                                                   6

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes, the
petitioner did not specify the paragraph(s) in 14 CFR § 91.119 from which it requires relief.
Relief from § 91.119(a), which requires operating at an altitude that allows a safe emergency
landing if a power unit fails, is not granted. The FAA expects the petitioner to be able to
perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface if a
power unit fails. Relief from § 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable,
because the petitioner states that operations will be conducted over sparsely populated areas.

Relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because the aircraft will be operated at altitudes below
400 feet above ground level (AGL). Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes: over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. Section 91.119(c)
provides that in operations over water or sparsely populated areas, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The petitioner states
that it will operate pursuant to the following, self-imposed restrictions related to § 91.119:

     Petitioner will conduct operations over private property with the permission of the
         landowner;

     Petitioner will avoid operations over congested areas, heavily trafficked roads, or any
         open-air assembly of persons;

     Petitioner will limit operations to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions
         (VMC) and daylight hours;

     Petitioner will ensure aircraft operations remain within VLOS no greater than 0.5
         nautical miles of the PIC and will be visually monitored at all times;

     Petitioner will operate no closer than 3 miles from an airport or heliport

Though the petitioner states that it will operate its UAS within VLOS, at distances no greater
than 0.5 nautical mile, at all times, the FAA notes that the UAS's small size (96cm wingspan)
may make such a distance impractical and stresses the requirement for VLOS at all times.

The petitioner proposes to avoid congested areas and operations over open air assemblies of
persons; however the petitioner did not describe specific minimum stand-off distances from
persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. As discussed in Exemption No. 11109 to Clayco,
Inc., operations conducted closer than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be
operated closer than 500 feet to essential persons, or objects that would not be possible
without additional relief. Therefore, the FAA is requiring that prior to conducting UAS
operations, all persons not essential to flight operations (nonparticipating persons) must
remain at appropriate distances. In open areas this requires the UA to remain 500 feet from
all persons other than essential flight personnel (i.e. PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential
persons).

The FAA has also considered that the UA will weigh about 1.5 pounds. If barriers or
structures are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA or
debris in the event of an accident, then the UA may operate closer than 500 feet to persons
                                                                   7

afforded such protection. The operator must also ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately. When
considering how to immediately cease operations, the primary concern is the safety of those
nonparticipating persons. In addition, the FAA finds that operations may be conducted closer
than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles and structures when the property owner/controller grants
such permission and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
objects and determines that it does not present an undue hazard.

Thus, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted, provided adherence to the
procedures in the operating documents and the FAA's additional conditions and limitations
outlined below. Relief from § 91.119(a) is unwarranted as the FAA expects the petitioner to
be able to perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the
surface. Relief from §§ 91.119(b) and 91.119(d) are not applicable.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter Settings, the
petitioner has a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities. However, as
stated in the conditions and limitations below, the FAA requires any altitude reported to Air
Traffic Control (ATC) to be in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the altimeter to
zero feet AGL rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude before flight. Considering
the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 is granted to the
extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the
prescribed minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar
UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime
VFR conditions. The operating documents state that the UA batteries provide approximately
45 minutes of powered flight. Information provided in the operating documents discusses
procedures regarding remaining battery power. Those documents provide explanation of the
automatic landing procedures that are executed when the UA exhausts battery power. The
FAA believes that, given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those
proposed operations, a reduced minimum power reserve for flight in daytime VFR conditions
is reasonable. These factors provide the FAA with sufficient reason to grant the relief from 14
CFR § 91.151(a) as requested in accordance with the conditions and limitations below, which
prohibit the PIC from beginning a flight unless the battery is fully charged, stipulate that the
flight will never fly more than ½ nautical mile from the point of intended landing, and
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) require enough power to fly at normal
cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power
remaining.

This exemption requires that the operator obtain a Certificate of Authorization or Waiver
(COA) from the FAA. As part of that process the FAA Air Traffic Organization (ATO)
evaluates whether the operations could be conducted safely in the requested airspace. The
majority of current UAS operations occurring in the NAS are being coordinated through ATC
                                                                   8

by the issuance of a COA. This process not only makes local ATC facilities aware of UAS
operations, but also provides ATC the ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to
UAS operations. The COA will require the operator to request a NOTAM, which is the
mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS to the UAS activities being conducted. The
conditions and limitations below prescribe the requirement for the petitioner to obtain an
ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The UA is able to collect
high-resolution data that, according to the petitioner, would provide farmers the ability to
direct precise application of fertilizer, reducing the overall use of chemicals and impact on the
environment, while maximizing crop yields. The enhanced safety achieved using a UA with
the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a
manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions and carrying crew in addition to
flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this
exemption is in the public interest.

The following table summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding regulatory relief:
Relief considered (14 CFR)  9
Part 21, Subpart H
45.23(b)                          FAA determination (14 CFR)
45.29                             Relief not necessary
                                  Relief not necessary
61.113(a) and (b)                 Relief not necessary
                                  Relief from 61.113(a) is granted with
61.133                            conditions and limitations; relief from
91.7(a)                           61.113(b) not necessary
91.9(b)(2)                        Relief not necessary
91.109                            Relief granted with conditions and
                                  limitations
91.119                            Relief not necessary
                                  Relief not necessary
91.121                            Relief not granted for paragraph (a);
                                  paragraph (b) relief not applicable;
91.151(a)                         paragraph (c) relief granted with
91.203(a) and (b)                 conditions and limitations; paragraph (d)
91.405(a)                         relief not applicable
                                  Relief granted with conditions and
91.407(a)(1)                      limitations
                                  Relief granted for paragraph (a)(1), day,
91.409(a)(1) and (2)              with conditions and limitations
                                  Relief not necessary
91.417(a) and (b)                 Relief granted with conditions and
                                  limitations
                                  Relief granted with conditions and
                                  limitations
                                  Relief granted with conditions and
                                  limitations
                                  Relief granted with conditions and
                                  limitations

The FAA's Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, 3D Aerial Solutions, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow petitioner to
operate a UAS for the purpose of conducting precision photogrammetry and crop scouting for
precision agriculture. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                      10

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, 3D Aerial Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as the
operator in the following Conditions and Limitations.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

1) SenseFly eBee User Manual Rev. 14

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft,
    described in the operating documents, which is a fixed-wing aircraft weighing
    approximately 1.5 pounds: SenseFly eBee Mini Drone. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting operations for the
    purpose of aerial imagery to support agriculture.

3) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 45 mph.

4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
    altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
    (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
    medical certificate.

6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
    Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
    prescribed in the operating documents.

7) The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
    avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
    permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.
                                                             11

8) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

9) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo
    a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
    entry in the aircraft records.

11) The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
    components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
    operating documents.

12) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
    aircraft records. This includes total time in service, description of work accomplished,
    and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.
                                                             12

15) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
    class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
    specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

17) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
    qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including
    evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
    persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency
    must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). The PIC must ensure
    that the VO is trained appropriately in order to fulfill her or her duties. A record of
    training must be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator.
    Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency,
    and experience-building) are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
    operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with
    appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM), as required by the operator's
    Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). The letter of agreement between the
    petitioner and the airport management must be made available to the Administrator
    upon request.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.
                                                             13

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
    intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to
    conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will require the
    operator to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
    hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with
    airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude
    level and potential transponder requirements.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

28) The UA must remain clear of and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

    a) Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
         from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
         that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
         where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
         the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

    b) The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles, or structures where the
         owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles, or structures has granted permission
         and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
         objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
                                                                   14

         c) Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
             present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

    32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
         Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
         obtained for each flight to be conducted.

    33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on March 3, 2015.

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
