September 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12846
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2100

Mr. Michael M. Brouder
Above and Beyond Productions, LLC
13237 Snow Owl Drive
Carmel, IN 46033

Dear Mr. Brouder:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Above and Beyond Productions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial video and photography of agricultural lands, architecture and construction, real
estate, special events, and landscapes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI F550.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Above and Beyond Productions, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Above and Beyond Productions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
    DJI F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                           FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                          WASHINGTON, DC

             IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                        ABOVE AND BEYOND PRODUCTIONS, LLC

   FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

     SECTION 21, SUBPART H; §45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2),
91.103 (b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203 (a) & (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

                                  91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b),
   CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF DJI INSPIRE 1 & DJI F550

       UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
               THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012
                                        (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

Submitted, May 21, 2015

Michael M. Brouder
Above and Beyond Productions, LLC
13237 Snow Owl Drive
Carmel, IN 46033
Tel: (317) 220-0354
michaelbrouder@mac.com
                    TABLE OF CONTENTS

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS                                       3

OVERVIEW                                                        4

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER                        4

BACKGROUND                                                      4

BASIS FOR PETITION                                              5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER                                  6

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH ABOVE AND BEYOND

PRODUCTIONS LLC SEEKS EXEMPTION                                 6

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF ABOVE AND BEYOND PRODUCTIONS LLC SEEKS AND
THE REASON ABOVE AND BEYOND PRODUCTIONS LLC SEEKS THE RELIEF

                                                                                                             7

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING ABOVE AND BEYOND PRODUCTIONS LLC'S

REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST                         10

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY

AFFECT SAFETY                                                   12

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER.          18

CONCLUSION                                                      18

EXHIBITS                                                        20

                                 2
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AGL Above Ground Level
AOI Area of Interest
ATC Air Traffic Control
ATO Air Traffic Organization
AV Aerial Vehicle
CFR Code of Federal Regulations
COA Certificate of Authorization
FAA Federal Aviation Administration
FAR Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS Ground Control Station
GPS Global Positioning System
LOL Loss of Link
NAS National Airspace System
NOTAM Notice to Airman
PIC Pilot In Command
SO Safety Observer
SOP Standard Operating Procedures
UA Unmanned Aircraft
UAS Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR Visual Flight Rules
VLOS Visual Line of Site
VMC Visual Meteorological Conditions
VTOL Vertical Takeoff and Landing

                                                        3
                                               OVERVIEW

Above and Beyond Productions, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
21, subpart H; §45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103 (b), 91.109,
91.119, 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203 (a) & (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit Above
and Beyond Productions LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the
commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of agricultural lands,
architecture and construction, real estate, special events, and landscapes within the United
States.

               INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

Above and Beyond Productions LLC will provide its clients with the high quality digital
video content for use in their commercial, personal, and non-profit multimedia projects.
Above and Beyond Productions LLC brings over 25 years of broadcast television production,
direction, editing and professional marketing expertise, along with state-of-the-art technology to
make studio quality productions within reach for organizations of any size.

Above and Beyond Productions LLC has over 2 years recreational/hobby experience in all
aspects of aerial video and photography and is an active member in good standing with the
Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA). Additionally, Above and Beyond Productions LLC
benefits from graduate-level coursework at Ball State University relating to the current
regulatory, privacy and safety issues relating to commercial and private UAV use in the United
States. The objective of Above and Beyond Productions LLC's aerial video and
photography operations is to provide high quality imaging for a variety of commercial,
public, and residential uses, specifically targeting:

         · Promotional corporate videos for businesses, non-profits & local government
              entities

         · Edited videos to supplement commercial and residential real estate listings
         · Aerial event filming and photography to promote travel and tourism
         · Agricultural surveys and environmental monitoring

                                         BACKGROUND

           Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Inspire 1 & DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS

Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks an exemption to operate multiple DJI Systems
UAVs for compensation or hire within the NAS. The DJI Inspire 1 (Inspire) is a vertical
takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station
(GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smart phone systems. The Inspire is an electric powered

                                                      4
rotary wing UAS that is capable of transmitting live airborne video images and location
information to a Ground Control Station (GCS). The Inspire stores the photographs and
data on board and makes them available for download after completion of the flight. The
Inspire 1 is 22 in x 22 in x 8 in and weighs 6.4 pounds, well under the 55 lbs. mandated in
the FMRA. The Inspire can conduct hovering flight and has a maximum cruising speed of
42 knots. It is battery powered, has a flight endurance of no more than 22 minutes and can
operate in temperatures ranging from 0° to 40° C. The Inspire's omni-directional antenna
has a range of 2.1 km and operates in the 2.420 ­ 2.483 GHz frequency range.
The DJI F550 Flamewheel is a 6-propeller multirotor vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL)
Unmanned Aircraft (UA) capable of transmitting live airborne video images and telemetry
information to a Ground Control Station (GCS) and utilizes NAZA-M V2 Flight Controller
for GPS navigation. The F550's total weight with maximum allowable payload is 6.5lbs
and measures 21.65" wide and 10.5" tall with landing gear. The F550 maximum airspeed is
30kts. The F550 is controlled by a Futaba T8FG 14-Channel Radio Control System
operating at 2.4 GHz.

                                        BASIS FOR PETITION

Petitioner, Above and Beyond Productions LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal
Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1 in the National
Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103 (b), 91.109, 91.119, and 91.203 (a) & (b).

In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and their operation, Above and Beyond Productions' operation of the DJI
Inspire 1 and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and
therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H.

Accordingly, Above and Beyond Productions LLC requests relief from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

Above and Beyond Productions LLC submits that the requested relief is proper since an
equivalent level of safety will be ensured. Above and Beyond Productions LLC will use
experienced personnel or technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction and
Maintenance Manuals). Furthermore, Above and Beyond Productions LLC will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil
aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS do not require an airworthiness

                                                      5
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, Above and Beyond
Productions LLC submits that it will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1and DJI F550 Flamewheel
UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight by determining that the UASs are
in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Inspire 1/F550 Instruction Manuals), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

Above and Beyond Productions LLC also seeks an exemption from the requirements of
Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI F550 UA will not
have a typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI
Inspire 1 and DJI F550 UA will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System
(GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the
UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined
with Above and Beyond Productions LLC's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI F550
UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety
equivalent to Section 91.121.

Additionally, Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks an exemption from the
requirements of Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
Above and Beyond Productions LLC submits that safety will not be affected by operation of
the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI F550 UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a
total duration of approximately 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Above and Beyond Productions provides the
following information in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name and Address of the Petitioner

The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:

Michael M. Brouder
Above and Beyond Productions, LLC
13237 Snow Owl Drive
Carmel, IN 46033
Tel: (317) 220-0354
michaelbrouder@mac.com

B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Above and
Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Exemption

    1. Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks exemption from the requirements
    of Section 21 Subpart H and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness

                                                      6
    14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
    procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).
    The size, weight and enclosed operational area of Above and Beyond LLC's UASs
    permit exemption from Part 21 because Above and Beyond LLC's UASs meet an
    equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
    authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both
    the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
    legislation permit the FAA to exempt UASs from the airworthiness certificate
    requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity
    to areas such as airports and dense populations. Above and Beyond LLC's UASs meet
    or exceed each of the elements.

    14 C.F.R. §91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no
    pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UASs, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
    equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual at the flight
    operations center. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in
    Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
    10700 and 32827.

    14 C.F.R. §91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as Above and
    Beyond LLC's UASs utilize electronic global positioning systems and internal
    gyroscopes to provide spatial coordination.

    14 C.F.R. §§91.203(a) and (b) provide for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications
    and registrations. Similar to, 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2), given the size and configuration, the
    UAS has no ability to carry certificate and registration documents on the aircraft. There
    is no room, capacity, or pilot on board to adequately such documents. An equivalent
    level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents, to the extent they are
    applicable to the UAS, at the ground control point where pilot has immediate access to
    them.

C. Extent of Relief of the Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. and
Reason From Which Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks
Relief

    1. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Reason
    Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Relief From 14 C.F.R. 45.23: Marking of
    the Aircraft.

    Applicable FARs require aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications.
    Above and Beyond LLC's UASs are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not
    have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases.
    Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft. Regardless,
    Above and Beyond LLC will mark its UASs in the largest possible lettering by placing
    the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29(f) so
    that the pilot, camera operator, spotter and others working with the UAS will see the

                                                      7
markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through
Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

2. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Reason
Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Relief From Section 61.113(a) and (b):
Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:
Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private
pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical certificate,
and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed
UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state
that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection
with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

As set forth more fully below, Above and Beyond Productions LLC submits that an
equivalent level of safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate
the DJI Inspire 1 UAS UA unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency
requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles
and structures.
Further, Above and Beyond Productions LLC submits that all flights of the DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this
Petition: (1) will be incidental to Above and Beyond Productions LLC business; and (2)
will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

3. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Above
and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow Above and Beyond Productions LLC to determine that the DJI
Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs are in airworthy condition prior to every flight
by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the DJI
Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Maintenance Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and
DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Instruction Manual).

Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs do not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, Above and Beyond

                                                 8
Productions LLC will ensure that the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs are in
airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e.,
Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Instruction
Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for
safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

4. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Above
and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.103: Preflight Action.

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be
provided for the aircraft, an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be provided as set forth in the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Instruction
Manual. Additionally, the PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data
before initiation of flight.

5. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Above
and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.119: Minimum Safe
Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. §91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Above and Beyond
LLCs UASs will not operate at an altitude greater than 400 feet above ground level.
Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of Above and Beyond LLC's UASs,
an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

6. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Above
and Beyond Productions LLC Relief From Section 91.151(b).

Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Inspire and
DJI F550 Flamewheel UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions
(VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
least 4.5 minutes.
Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks the requested relief because without an
exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI
Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UA will severely constrain the practicality of any
aerial video or still photo flight operations that Above and Beyond Productions
proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.
Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire and DJI
F550 Flamewheel UAS, the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel operating
documents, and Above and Beyond Productions LLC's proposed operating limitations,
ensure that Above and Beyond Productions LLC will safely operate the battery
powered DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAs during daylight hours in visual

                                                 9
    meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery
    power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing
    and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

    7. Extent Of Relief Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks And The Above
    and Beyond Productions LLC Relief From Sections 14 C.F.R. §§91.405 (a);
    407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) and (b): Maintenance Inspections.

    Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
    apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Above and Beyond Productions LLC
    requests relief from these Sections because the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel
    UASs does not require airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI
    Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333 for
    operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Above and Beyond
    Productions LLC will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or
    preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices
    prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the DJI Inspire and DJI F550
    Flamewheel Maintenance Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire and DJI
    F550 Flamewheel Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Above and Beyond Productions
    will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire and DJI F550
    Flamewheel UAS.

D. The Reasons Why Granting Above and Beyond
Productions LLC Request Would Be In The Public Interest;
That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Above and Beyond
Productions LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically conduct aerial video and
photography of agricultural lands, architecture and construction, real estate, special events, and
landscapes within the United States.

Additionally, use of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS will decrease
congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy.
Notably, the benefits of Above and Beyond Productions LLC's proposed operation of the
DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs will be realized without implicating any
privacy issues.

    1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.

    The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs are battery powered and serve as a
    safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to
    obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform
    aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Inspire and DJI F550
    Flamewheel UASs would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce
    noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and

                                                      10
on the ground.
Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography
missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during
the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS.
Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs,
instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the
levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still
photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI
Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs produce no air pollution, and is the most
viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal
combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography,
while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI
Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UASs are propelled by battery
powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

By using the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs to perform aerial
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which
is usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be
substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew
members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs
(weighing approximately 6.5 pounds maximum gross weights with a length and width
between 17.3 inches and 21 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less physical
potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air,
compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing
approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34
feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel is also
an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations.
As such, operation of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS will allow
United States based companies, like Above and Beyond Productions LLC, to remain
competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy.
Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection
Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and
operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to remain
competitive.
Operating the battery powered DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS is one such

                                                 11
    technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to
    manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a
    traditional manned aircraft.
    By operating the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UASs, companies such as
    Above and Beyond Productions LLC, can remain competitive and profitable, and
    therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which will
    ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of
    U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel
    UASs, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local,
    state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and
    development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

    4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

    Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
    decades, Above and Beyond Productions LLC's proposed operation of the DJI Inspire
    and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the
    DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS will be operated only in compliance with
    the conditions set forth in any exemption granted under this petition.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The Exemption Would Provide
A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The
Rule From Which Above and Beyond Productions LLC Seeks
Exemption.

    1. Reasons Why The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Will Meet The
    Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section
    333.

    In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
    the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Above and Beyond Productions LLC operation
    of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS meet the conditions of FMRA
    Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
    C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

    Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification
    and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users
    of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically,
    FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.-- Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
         later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of

                                                      12
         Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate
         safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking
         required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this
         Act.
         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.-- In making the determination
         under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their
                  size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
                  populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
                  hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a
                  threat to national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
                  airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
                  Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified
                  under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this
         section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
         such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

In seeking this exemption, Above and Beyond Productions LLC submits that the DJI Inspire
and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section
333, as demonstrated by:

       (a) the characteristics of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS;
       (b) the pilot certification requirement; and
       (c) the specific operating limitations.

         a. The Specifications Of The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS
         Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

         The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS does not create a hazard to users of
         the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its
         size, weight, speed, and operational capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Inspire and DJI F550
                  Flamewheel UAS.

                           The technical specifications of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550
                           Flamewheel UAS is set forth by the DJI Inspire and DJI F550
                           Flamewheel Specifications and Data Sheet, attached hereto as
                           Exhibit A.
                  ii. The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS Autonomous
                  Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A
                  Defined Operational Area.

                                                      13
                 The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS may be operated in
                 both manual and fully autonomous flight modes. A complete
                 description of the flight and navigational modes of the DJI Inspire and
                 DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS is provided in the DJI Inspire and DJI
                 F550 Flamewheel User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit B.

         iii. The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS Are Designed
         For Automatic Return To Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss
         Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

                 When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Inspire and DJI F550
                 Flamewheel UA will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds or
                 more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Inspire or DJI F550 Flamewheel UA
                 do not reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UA will assume
                 that the Control Link is lost and the UA will return to the home
                 position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff
                 position and shutdown.
                 A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Inspire
                 and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS are set forth in the DJI Inspire and
                 DJI F550 Flamewheel User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit B.

         iv. The DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel GCS And Its
         Operation.

                 A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI
                 Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel GCS and flight control software is
                 provided in the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel User Manual.
                 DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel User Manual is attached
                 hereto as Exhibit B.

b. Flight Operations Of DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS Are
Limited To The Line Of Sight With a Camera Operator and Safety Observer.

Above and Beyond Productions LLC will fly LOS in daytime hours only, staff each
flight with a remote control pilot, camera operator and a spotter/Safety Observer (SO)
with communications allowing real time communication among them.

c. Flights Of DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS Will Be
Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.

In seeking this exemption, proposes to commercially operate DJI Inspire and DJI
F550 Flamewheel UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific
operating limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to
         the following aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs

                                            14
weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Inspire and DJI
F550 Flamewheel and DJI F550 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed
operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
amend this grant.

2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting
operations for the purpose of aerial video and photography.

3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20
knots.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet
above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the
operating documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC.
All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the
PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision
unaided by any device other than corrective lenses.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer
(SO) is not permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be
used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains
VLOS capability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at
all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight
operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer
his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that
the SO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC
with seeing and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based
obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to operate the camera or other
instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be
accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator
upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations
contained in the grant of exemption and the procedures outlined in the
operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of
exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator
must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's
responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also
present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or
amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any

                                   15
update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the
exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted
if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is
in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects
the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until
the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in
a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in
the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect
the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight
critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who
conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies,
e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
relevant sections of the operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's
aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life
limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record
keeping requirements, in accordance with the operating documents.
Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul
component parts must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in
service, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the
authorized person returning the UAS to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all
manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets
the operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely
operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
under the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner
consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the
operator's PICs are permitted under the terms of the exemption. However,
training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training

                                   16
sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants,
and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

17.1. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, and all
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
(VMC).

18. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport
reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart
unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and
the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the
operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must
be made available to the Administrator upon request.

19. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than
2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute
miles from the PIC.

20. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must
return to a pre- determined location within the planned operating area and
land or be recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

21. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

22. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering
wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal
cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25%
battery power remaining.

23. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
operation and control of the UA must comply with the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
oversight agency requirements.

24. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned
aviation operations and activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or
vehicle.

26. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
nonparticipating persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees
or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

      a.Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
         nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of

                                   17
                           an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
                           remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                           nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
                           feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                        b.The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                           owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                           permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                           operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
                           present an undue hazard, and;

                        c.Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential
                           persons do not present an undue hazard to those persons per §
                           91.119(a).

                  27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access
                  property with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized
                  representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized
                  representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

                  28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral
                  or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable
                  COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80)
                  within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation
                  Safety Board (NTSB).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal
Register, stating: The Rules From Which Above and Beyond
Productions LLC Seeks Exemption:

Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.315(a), 61.23(a), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

This exemption will permit Above and Beyond Productions LLC to commercially operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States.

                                             CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, Above and Beyond Productions LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14
C.F.R § 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), which will permit safe operation of the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel
UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of

                                                      18
conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. By
granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of
the public, by allowing Above and Beyond Productions LLC to safely, efficiently, and
economically operate the DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel UAS commercially within
the NAS.
In accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Above and Beyond Productions LLC respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.315(a), 61.23(a), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit
Above and Beyond Productions LLC to operate the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI F550 UASs
commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over areas of the
United States.
Dated: May 21, 2015
Respectfully submitted,

Michael M. Brouder
Above and Beyond Productions, LLC
Exhibits:
A ­ DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Specifications Data Sheet
B ­ DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Manufacturer's User Manual
C ­ DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Maintenance Manual
D ­ Monthly Maintenance Log

                                                      19
                              EXHIBIT ­ A
DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Specifications Data Sheet

                                     20
DJI INSPIRE 1 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

Aircraft  Model
          T600

          Weight (Battery Included)
          2935 g

          Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)
          Vertical: 0.5 m
          Horizontal: 2.5 m Max
          Angular Velocity
          Pitch: 300°/s
          Yaw: 150°/s

          Max Tilt Angle
          35°

          Max Ascent Speed
          5 m/s

          Max Descent Speed
          4 m/s

          Max Speed
          22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)

          Max Flight Altitude
          4500 m

          Max Wind Speed Resistance
          10 m/s

          Max Flight Time
          Approximately 18 minutes
          Motor Model
          DJI 3510

          Propeller Model
          DJI 1345

          Indoor Hovering
          Enabled by default

          Operating Temperature Range
          -10° to 40° C

          Diagonal Distance
          559 to 581 mm
          Dimensions
          438x451x301 mm

Gimbal    Model
          ZENMUSE X3

          Output Power (With Camera)
          Static: 9 W
          In Motion: 11 W
          Operating Current
          Station: 750 mA
          Motion: 900 mA

          Angular Vibration Range
          ±0.03°

          Mounting
          Detachable
          Controllable Range
          Pitch: -90° to +30°

          21
Camera  Pan: ±320°
        Mechanical Range
        Pitch: -125° to +45°
        Pan: ±330°
        Max Controllable Speed
        Pitch: 120°/s
        Pan: 180°/s

        Name
        X3
        Model
        FC350
        Total Pixels
        12.76M
        Effective Pixels
        12.4M
        Image Max Size
        4000x3000
        ISO Range
        100-3200 (video)
        100-1600 (photo)
        Electronic Shutter Speed
        8s  1/8000s

        FOV (Field Of View)
        94°
        CMOS
        Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
        Lens
        20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at 
        9 Elements in 9 groups
        Anti-distortion
        Still Photography Modes
        Single shoot
        Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
        Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias
        Time-lapse
        Video Recording Modes
        UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
        FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
        HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
        Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
        60 Mbps
        Supported File Formats
        FAT32/exFAT
        Photo: JPEG, DNG
        Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

        Supported SD Card Types
        Micro SD
        Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.
        Operating Temperature Range
        0° to 40° C

                                      22
Remote      Name
Controller  C1
            Operating Frequency
Charger     922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
Battery     5.725~5.825 GHz
(Standard)  2.400~2.483 GHz
            Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
            2 km
            EIRP
            10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
            Video Output Port
            USB, mini-HDMI
            Power Supply
            Built-in battery
            Charging
            DJI charger
            Dual User Capability
            Host-and-Slave connection
            Mobile Device Holder
            Tablet or Phone
            Max Mobile Device Width
            170mm
            Output Power
            9W
            Operating Temperature Range
            -10° to 40° C
            Storage Temperature Range
            Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
            More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
            Charging Temperature Range
            0-40° C
            Battery
            6000 mAh LiPo 2S

            Model
            A14-100P1A
            Voltage
            26.3 V Rated
            Power 100
            W

            Name
            Intelligent Flight Battery
            Model
            TB47
            Capacity
            4500 mAh
            Voltage
            22.2 V
            Battery Type
            LiPo 6S High voltage battery
            Energy

                                          23
Vision                 99.9 Wh
Positioning            Net Weight
                       570 g
                       Operating Temperature Range
                       -10° to 40° C
                       Storage Temperature Range
                       Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                       More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
                       Charging Temperature Range
                       0° to 40° C
                       Max Charging Power
                       180 W

                       Velocity Range
                       Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
                       Altitude Range
                       5-500 cm
                       Operating Environment
                       Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
                       Operating Range
                       0-250 cm

DJI F550 FLAMEWHEEL TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

Model                  Flame Wheel 550 (F550)
Frame Weight           478g
Diagonal Wheelbase     550mm
Takeoff Weight         1200g ~ 2400g
Recommended Propeller  10 × 3.8in ; 8 × 4.5in
Recommended Battery    3S~4S LiPo
Recommended Motor      22 × 12mm (Stator size)
Recommended ESC        15A OPTO

NAZA-M V2 CONTROL PLATFORM TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

Platform               Multi-rotor

Size MC: 45.5mm x 32.5mm x 18.5mm
                                          PMU: 39.5mm x 27.5mm x 10.0mm
                                          GPS & Compass 46mm(diameter)x10mm
                                          LED: 25mm x 25mm x 7.0mm

                                                        40
Weight                 MC:27g
                       PMU:28g
Power Consumption      GPS:27g
Working Voltage        LED:13g
Operating Temperature
Functions              MAX: 3.15W(0.25A@12.6V)
Packing List           Normal:1.638W(0.13A@12.6V)

                       MC4.8V ~ 5.5V
                       PMU7.4V ~ 26.0 V
                       (recommend 2S ~ 6S LiPo)

                       -10°C to 50°C

                       Max Yaw Angular Velocity 200°/s
                       Max Tilt Angle 35°
                       Ascent 6m/s / Descent 4.5m/s

                       MC x 1
                       GPS x 1
                       PMU x 1
                       USB Cable x 1
                       LED x 1
                       Servo Cables x 8
                       Micro-USB Cable x 1
                       CAN Cable x 1

                       40
                                    EXHIBIT ­ B
    DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Manufacturer's User Manual

                                    http://download.dji-
innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.2_en.pdf

                                    http://download.dji-
 innovations.com/downloads/flamewheel/en/F550_User_Manual_v1.9_en.pdf

                                           41
                             Exhibit ­ C
DJI Inspire and DJI F550 Flamewheel Maintenance Manual

                                  42
Maintenance Manual

INSPIRE 1

To ensure that your aircraft continues to offer optimal performance and to ensure flight safety,
it is recommended that comprehensive maintenance be performed after every 200 flights or 50
flight hours. This manual is intend to help users maintain their aircraft and maximize its continued
reliability.

I. Checking the Battery                                     IV. Checking the Motors

1. Check the battery for damage and deformities. If         1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not
there are any signs of damage to the battery, stop          become loose.
using it and discharge the battery to 10% or below
for disposal. Do not disassemble the battery for any        2. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Listen
reason.                                                     carefully. If there is any abnormal noise, please
                                                            replace the motors. This may be a sign that the
2. Check the battery pins and rub them clean with an        bearings have been worn out.
eraser if any residue is observed. This will help to
ensure a more reliable connection.                          3. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Carefully
                                                            examine the edge of the rotor and confirm that the
3. Check the metal battery power connectors for             shaft is perfectly centered on the motor. Check
damage. If the connectors appear burnt, try to clear        for any abnormal or excessive vibration. If any
them. This can be done by inserting a piece of              problems are detected, contact DJI Support to order
sandpaper (1mm thick) into the connectors to polish         replacement motors.
the metal.
                                                            4. Check for deformities by confirming that the gap
4. Check the contact pins in the battery compartment to     between the motor and motor base is even. If not
ensure that the pins are clear. They should be able         contact DJI Support to order replacement motors.
to establish easy contact with the battery connectors
and should not be bent.                                     5. Ensure that the screws used to secure the motor
                                                            base are tight and the plastic components around
5. Check the electrodes on the battery. If they appear      the motors are in good condition. If not please
burnt, polish them with sandpaper. If there is serious      tighten the screws and contact DJI to repair any
erosion, send the battery in for repairs.                   broken plastic components.

6. Check the plastic components of the battery bracket      V. Checking the Propellers
to see it is in good condition and that all screws are
secure. This prevents the battery from becoming             1. Check the propellers. If there is any bending,
loose during flight.                                        breakage or cracking on a propeller, do not use it.

7. Check the power cables between the arms and the          2. Attach the propeller to the motor, turn on the aircraft,
center plate, if the cables are worn, contact DJI to        and place it on the ground. Stand 1 meter away from
arrange repairs.                                            the aircraft and observe the rotating propellers. If you
                                                            can see two distinct propeller outline layers, when
8. For long term storage, please refer to the "Intelligent  looking at a spinning propeller from the side, this
Flight Battery Safety Guidelines" and check the             propeller is damaged and should not be used.
battery once a month to prevent the battery cell from
being damaged.

9. Run the DJI Pilot App to confirm that all battery cells  VI. Checking the IMU
are at similar voltage levels and stay at the same level
when the battery is fully charged. If all cells maintain    1. Open DJI Pilot app to check the condition of the IMU
voltage levels above 3.7V but any cell is 0.2V higher       and perform an advanced IMU calibration. Please
or lower than the others, contact DJI for analysis. You     place the aircraft in a cool environment and on a
can also check the battery cell warning history. If any     flat, stable surface (if the landing gear is damaged,
warning are reported, contact DJI.                          support the aircraft with four objects of equal
                                                            height). Do not touch the craft during the calibration.

II. Checking the Transformation System                          2. Turn on the aircraft and listen for any abnormal noise
                                                                or vibration from the fan located on the front of the
1. Check the servomotor cables for wear. Also confirm           aircraft. If any irregularity is detected, replace the
that the connection points are still in good condition          fan.
.
2. Check the lead screws and contact DJI Support                VII. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System
to arrange repairs if any bending or damage is
discovered. Clean the lead screws with WD-40 spray              1. Check the 4 antennas on the landing gear to ensure
if they show signs of rust.                                     that they are secure. Also check for any bending or
                                                                damage.
3. Listen to the servomotors during the transformation,
if there is abnormal noise, it may indicate that the            2. Check the antennas of the remote controller for
servomotors worn.                                               Damage

4. After the landing gear rises, check the lead screws          3. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace
and bearings. If any dirt or dust is found, clean and
                                                            43
grease the bearings.                                       if necessary.

5. Check the lead screws. If there is any scratches,       VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera
dents, or plastic particles underneath them, contact
DJI Support to arrange repairs.                            1. The quick-mount connector for the camera is a
                                                           particularly vulnerable component. If the gimbal
III. Checking the Aircraft                                 fails to initialize when turned on, fails to work after
                                                           initialization, or fails to transmit video to the app
1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately        (while OSD data is displayed), the quick-mount
tightened.                                                 connector may be worn. In this case, replace the
                                                           rubber mat, circuit board, and/or connector on the
2. Check the aircraft for breaks or damage. If there is    gimbal quick-mount.
any reason to believe that detectable damage might
affect flight safety, consult with DJI Support.            2. Check the metal contacts on the quick mount
                                                           connector board, if any contact is bent, replace
3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage           the quick-mount connector.
.
4. Check the dampers on the landing gears. If they are     3. Check the contact pins on the quick-mount
loose, secure them with 502 glue.                          connector board, if there is any dirt, rub it clean
                                                           with an eraser. If any contact pins are worn out it
5. Ensure that there are no obstacles on or around the     should be replaced.
GPS module or around the antennas on the landing
gear. Remove any obstacles (such as tapes with             4. Confirm that the gimbal is able to properly stabilize
conductive material) that might affect or block the        itself. If its stabilizing performance deteriorates,
signal                                                     contact DJI to arrange repairs.

6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the  5. Listen for any abnormal noise from the fan when
same tilt angle.                                           the gimbal is turned on. This may indicate unusual
                                                           vibration and the fan should be replaced.

                                                           IX. Checking the Vision Positioning System

                                                           1. Check the lens of the camera. If any dirt or residue
                                                           is detected, gently clean the lens.

                                                           2. Check for and remove objects that might block the
                                                           sensors.

                                                           3. Ensure that the Vision Positioning System is securely
                                                           installed on the aircraft.

                                                           4. Detach the propellers and turn on the aircraft. Hold
                                                           the aircraft 1-2 meters above a surface with rich
                                                           patterns, under good lighting conditions. Change
                                                           the Flight Mode switch to P Mode on the controller
                                                           and check the DJI Pilot app. If the app displays an
                                                           altitude value and indicates that P-OPTI mode is
                                                           active, the Vision Positioning System should function
                                                           normally.

                                                           44
Maintenance Manual

DJI F550 Flamewheel

To ensure that your aircraft continues to offer optimal performance and to ensure flight safety,
it is recommended that comprehensive maintenance be performed after every 200 flights or 50
flight hours. This manual is intend to help users maintain their aircraft and maximize its continued
reliability.

I. Checking the Battery                                          4. After the landing gear rises, check the lead screws
1. Check the battery for damage and deformities. If              and bearings. If any dirt or dust is found, clean and
there are any signs of damage to the battery, stop               grease the bearings.
using it and discharge the battery to 10% or below
for disposal. Do not disassemble the battery for any             5. Check the lead screws. If there is any scratches,
reason.                                                          dents, or plastic particles underneath them, contact
                                                                 DJI Support to arrange repairs.
2. Check the battery pins and rub them clean with an             III. Checking the Aircraft
eraser if any residue is observed. This will help to             1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately
ensure a more reliable connection.                               tightened.

3. Check the metal battery power connectors for                  2. Check the aircraft for breaks or damage. If there is
damage. If the connectors appear burnt, try to clear             any reason to believe that detectable damage might
them. This can be done by inserting a piece of                   affect flight safety, consult with DJI Support.
sandpaper (1mm thick) into the connectors to polish
the metal.                                                       3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage.

4. Check the contact pins in the battery compartment to          4. Check the dampers on the landing gears. If they are
ensure that the pins are clear. They should be able              loose, secure them with 502 glue.
to establish easy contact with the battery connectors
and should not be bent.                                          5. Ensure that there are no obstacles on or around the
                                                                 GPS module or around the antennas on the landing
5. Check the electrodes on the battery. If they appear           gear. Remove any obstacles (such as tapes with
burnt, polish them with sandpaper. If there is serious           conductive material) that might affect or block the
erosion, send the battery in for repairs.                        signal.

6. Check the plastic components of the battery bracket           6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the
to see it is in good condition and that all screws are           same tilt angle.
secure. This prevents the battery from becoming
loose during flight.                                             IV. Checking the Motors

7. Check the power cables between the arms and the               1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not
center plate, if the cables are worn, contact DJI to             become loose.
arrange repairs.
                                                                 2. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Listen
8. For long term storage, please refer to the "Intelligent       carefully. If there is any abnormal noise, please
Flight Battery Safety Guidelines" and check the                  replace the motors. This may be a sign that the
battery once a month to prevent the battery cell from            bearings have been worn out.
being damaged.
                                                                 3. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Carefully
9. Run the DJI Pilot App to confirm that all battery cells       examine the edge of the rotor and confirm that the
are at similar voltage levels and stay at the same level         shaft is perfectly centered on the motor. Check
when the battery is fully charged. If all cells maintain         for any abnormal or excessive vibration. If any
voltage levels above 3.7V but any cell is 0.2V higher            problems are detected, contact DJI Support to order
or lower than the others, contact DJI for analysis. You          replacement motors.
can also check the battery cell warning history. If any
warning are reported, contact DJI.                               4. Check for deformities by confirming that the gap
                                                                 between the motor and motor base is even. If not
II. Checking the Transformation System                           contact DJI Support to order replacement motors.
                                                                 5. Ensure that the screws used to secure the motor
1. Check the servomotor cables for wear. Also confirm            base are tight and the plastic components around
that the connection points are still in good condition.          the motors are in good condition. If not please
                                                                 tighten the screws and contact DJI to repair any
2. Check the lead screws and contact DJI Support                 broken plastic components.
to arrange repairs if any bending or damage is
discovered. Clean the lead screws with WD-40 spray          45
if they show signs of rust.

3. Listen to the servomotors during the transformation,
if there is abnormal noise, it may indicate that the
servomotors worn.
V. Checking the Propellers                                   VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera
1. Check the propellers. If there is any bending,
breakage or cracking on a propeller, do not use it.          1. If the gimbal fails to initialize when turned on, fails to work after
                                                             initialization, or fails to transmit video to the app
2. Attach the propeller to the motor, turn on the aircraft,  (while OSD data is displayed), replace the
and place it on the ground. Stand 1 meter away from          circuit board, and/or connector on the
the aircraft and observe the rotating propellers. If you     gimbal.
can see two distinct propeller outline layers, when
looking at a spinning propeller from the side, this          2. Check the metal contacts on the
propeller is damaged and should not be used.                 connector board, if any contact is bent, replace
                                                             the quick-mount connector.
VI. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System
1. Check the antennas of the remote controller for           3. Check the contact pins on the quick-mount
damage                                                       connector board, if there is any dirt, rub it clean
                                                             with an eraser. If any contact pins are worn out it
2. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace          should be replaced.
if necessary.
                                                             4. Confirm that the gimbal is able to properly stabilize
                                                             itself. If its stabilizing performance deteriorates,
                                                             contact DJI to arrange repairs.

                                                             5. Check the lens of the camera. If any dirt or residue
                                                             is detected, gently clean the lens.

                                                             46
       EXHIBIT ­ D
Monthly Maintenance Log

              47
DJI F550 / DJI Inspire 1

                         48
