September 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12766
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2579

Mr. Jeffrey Nichols
Owner
adPharos, LLC
3350 Riverwood Parkway Suite 1900
Atlanta, GA 30339

Dear Mr. Nichols:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of adPharos, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial video,
photography, search and rescue, and increase public knowledge.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, adPharos, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, adPharos, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                   SUMMARY

         adPharos, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R ㎣ 61.113(a) &
(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit
adPharos, LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of
conducting aerial video and photography for construction sites before and after, real estate
photography, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

    adPharos provides its clients with the high quality digital content for use in their commercial,
personal, and non-profit multimedia projects. adPharos has recreational/hobby experience in all
aspects of aerial video and photography. The objective of adPharos aerial video and photography
operations is to provide high quality imaging for a variety of, commercial, public, and residential
uses, specifically targeting

     Real Estate Videography and Photography
     Construction sites before and after
     Search and Rescue operations
     Increase public knowledge of UAS and promote safe UAS operations

                                               BACKGROUND
                             Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Inspire 1 UASs

         adPharos seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire within the
NAS. The DJI Inspire 1 is a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with
a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smartphone systems. The DJI
Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5 ounces, a length of 17.3 inches, width of
17.7 inches, height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots. The DJI
Inspire 1UA is equipped with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer battery powered
electric motors. The DJI Inspire 1 UA that will be operated by adPharos, LLC will be registered
in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47,
Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and
Registration Marking.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, adPharos, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
(14 C.F.R.  11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the

                                                               1
Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in the National Airspace System
(NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R ㎣ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, adPharos operation of DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the
conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Accordingly, adPharos requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. adPharos submits that the requested relief is
proper since an equivalent level of safety will be ensured. adPharos will use experienced
personnel or technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents

Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges
and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by adPharos to the extent necessary to allow a
Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as an airman
medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
adPharos seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. As such, adPharos will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in airworthy condition,
prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the operating documents
and that the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight.

adPharos also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Inspire 1 UA will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard.
However, altitude information of the DJI Inspire 1 UA will be provided to the PIC via GPS
equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the
GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined with adPharos
operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will
ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

Additionally, adPharos seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. adPharos submits that safety
will not be affected by operation of DJI Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in visual
meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to
fly for a total duration of approximately 16 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4 minutes.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R.  11.81, adPharos provides the following information in support of
its petition for exemption:

                                                               2
A. Name and Address Of The Petitioner.

The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:

adPharos, LLC
3350 Riverwood Parkway Suite 1900
Atlanta, GA 30339
404-439-1029
jnichols@adPharos.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. from Which adPharos Seeks Exemption.

         1. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And
         (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor
         may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection
         with any business or employment if--

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                                                               3
                  (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                  within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                  (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                  this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                  available station; or

                  (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                  the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                  departure.

4. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection
(b), states the following:

(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
least 20 minutes.

5. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a) (1)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7 of this
chapter [.]

7. adPharos Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1) And
91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

                                                     4
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by  43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

8. adPharos Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Sections 91.417(a) and
91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with ㎣ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
(b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
         engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                  (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                  the work performed; and

                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                  (iii) The signature and certificate number of the person approving the
                  aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                  and each rotor.

                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                                                     5
                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                           the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                           aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                           safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                           safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                           involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                           required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by  43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                           major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                           propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
                  the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
                  performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                  transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under 43.11 of
                  this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                  approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks And The Reason adPharos Seeks The Relief.

         1. Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks and the Reason adPharos Seeks Relief From
         Section 61.113(a) And (b)

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:
         Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private
         pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical certificate,
         and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed
         UAS flight operations for compensation or hire. This relief is requested since the
         limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a private pilot may, for
         compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business or
         employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2)
         The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                                                               6
As set forth more fully below, adPharos submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that
PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is
able to safely operate either the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the
operations specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

Further, adPharos submits that all flights of the DJI Inspire 1 UASs, conducted by the
PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to adPharos business; and
(2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

2. Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks And The Reason adPharos Seeks Relief From

Section 91.7(a)

Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow adPharos to determine that the DJI Inspire 1 UASs are in airworthy
condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the
operating documents.

adPharos seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore,
adPharos will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in airworthy condition based upon its
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and further, determine that
the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations
below.

3. Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks And The Reason adPharos Seeks Relief From
Section 91.121

Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which utilizes a barometric pressure sensor, GPS
equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude
information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA
requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air
traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL),

adPharos seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire 1 UA's altimeter may be set
on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude,
before each flight. Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from
14 CFR 91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions
and limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety
will be maintained since DJI Inspire 1 UA is equipped with a barometric pressure sensor
and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will

                                                     7
         be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the
         UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

         4. Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks and the Reason adPharos Seeks Relief From

         Section 91.151(b)

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
         requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UA
         during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight
         rules (VFR), for a total duration of 16 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
         assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4 minutes. adPharos seeks
         the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time
         duration of the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAs will severely constrain the practicality
         of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that adPharos proposes to conduct
         pursuant to this Petition.

         5. Extent Of Relief adPharos Seeks And The Reason adPharos Seeks Relief From

         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b)

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
         apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, adPharos requests relief from these
         Sections because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS do not require airworthiness certificates. As set
         forth more fully below, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333
         for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, adPharos will use trained
         technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS
         using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents
         Furthermore, adPharos will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI
         Inspire 1 UASs.

D. The Reasons Why Granting adPharos Request Would Be In the Public Interest;
That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing adPharos too safely,
efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography for real estate, special
events, and landscape over certain areas of the United States. Additionally, use of the DJI Inspire
1 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to
the economy. Notably, the benefits of adPharos proposed operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS
will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The DJI Inspire 1 UA are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical
         alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By
         reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an

                                                               8
exemption allowing the use of a DJI Inspire 1 UAS would reduce the amount of manned
aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life
and property in the air and on the ground. Furthermore, by reducing the number of
manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around airports caused by arriving and
departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Inspire 1 UA does not require an airport to
takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and
photography missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic
control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations.

2. The Public Will Benefit from the Safety and Efficiency Of The
DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight operations. By using
battery power and electric motors, DJI Inspire 1 UAS produce no air pollution, and is the
most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal
combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography,
while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI
Inspire 1 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates
noise pollution, as the UA is propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an
internal combustion engine. By using DJI Inspire 1 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions,
the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually
associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced
or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard
the aircraft, the DJI Inspire 1 UA (weighing 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at
maximum gross weight with length of 17.3 inches respectively, width of 17.7 inches
respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage
to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that
typically conduct similar operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a
wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180
gallons).

3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The
DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Benefit the Economy.

In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS are also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such,
operation of DJI Inspire 1 UAS will allow United States based companies, like adPharos,
to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with
the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA")
regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies
must adopt new and alternative technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the
battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAS is one such technology that not only allows
companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such
flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft. By operating

                                                     9
         the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, companies such as adPharos, can remain competitive and
         profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors,
         which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial
         performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS,
         provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and
         federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in
         order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

         Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
         decades, adPharos, LLC proposed operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UASs will not implicate
         any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be operated only in
         compliance with operating documents which requires property owner involvement and in
         accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude
         requirements of 14 C.F.R.  91.119.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
Provided By The Rule From Which adPharos Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why DJI Inspire 1 UA Meet The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization
         and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associate with the
         unmanned aircraft and its operation, adPharos operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meet
         the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in
         accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification
         and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users
         of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

         In seeking this exemption, adPharos submits that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS can operate
         safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the
         characteristics of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c)
         the specific operating limitations.

                  a. The Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
                  Characteristics.

                  The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public,
                  or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed,
                  and operational capability.

                                                              10
         i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

         The technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS are set forth by the
         DJI Inspire 1 user manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         ii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes
         Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

         The DJI Inspire 1 UAS may be operated in both manual and fully
         autonomous flight modes. A complete description of the flight and
         navigational modes of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is provided at pages 12-16
         and 45-50 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         iii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Are Designed For Automatic Return To
         Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or
         Navigation.

         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Inspire 1UA will remain stationary,
         in flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Inspire 1 UAs
         do not reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UAs will assume that
         the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the home position (i.e.,
         failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and
         shutdown. A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI
         Inspire 1 at pages 13 through 15 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals,
         attached hereto as Exhibit A.

         iv. DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.

         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI
         Inspire 1 GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 40 through
         47 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual. DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are
         attached hereto as Exhibit A.

b. Flight Operations of DJI Inspire 1 UAS Are Limited to the Line Of Sight
of A Certificated Pilot in Command with A Safety Observer.

adPharos will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid
airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Inspire 1
UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.

c. Flights of DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific
Operating Limitations.

In seeking this exemption, adPharos proposes to commercially operate DJI Inspire
1 UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over

                                          11
certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating
limitations:

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the
following aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs
weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned
Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations
for the purpose of aerial video and photography.

3. The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents
unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to
ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical
certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to
satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
capability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for
the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform the
functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is
not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant
of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its

                                          12
operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that
any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the
exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe
operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight
inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test
flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
sections of the operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul; replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must
be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of
work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS
to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
third- class medical certificate.

                                          13
18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the
UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. 
61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are permitted
under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be
conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are
considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. 91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. 
1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
(VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA
office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight
rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The
letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the
Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be
recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed
to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

25. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have
identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

                                          14
         26. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
         available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS
         is operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any
         law enforcement official upon request.

         27. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
         operations and activities at all times.

         28. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or
         vehicle.

         29. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons),
         vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
         persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
         ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
         arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
         feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
         owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
         and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
         objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
         present an undue hazard to those persons per  91.119(a). 32. All operations shall
         be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from the
         land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land
         owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
         conducted.

         30. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
         vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must
         be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
         Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

2. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R.  21.16 entitled Special Conditions, adPharos requests that the

                                                    15
         FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS,
         which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a
         level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14
         C.F.R ㎣ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
         91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit safe
         operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography
         over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets
         forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
         NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides
         the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance
         with any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the
         NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. 
         21.16, for operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14
         C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel
         or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions,
         states the following: If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter
         do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or
         propeller because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or
         propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The
         special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such
         safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations. See 14 C.F.R.
          21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R.  21.16, the FAA may
         prescribe special conditions for adPharos intended operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS,
         which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a
         level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14
         C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
         91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules
From Which adPharos Seeks Exemption:

adPharos seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description of the Nature of the Exemption adPharos Seeks:

         This exemption will permit adPharos to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
         System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain
         areas of the United States.

                                                              16
G. Any Additional Information, Views, or Arguments Available To Support adPharos
Request.

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may
operate safely in the NAS. As such, adPharos request for exemption may be granted pursuant to
the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above. FMRA Section
333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of
the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification. As discussed in detail
above, adPharos will operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard
to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, adPharos seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R.  11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the
limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United
States. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests
of the public, by allowing adPharos to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI
Inspire 1 UASs commercially within the NAS.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, adPharos respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit adPharos to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially
for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United
States.

Dated: 6/11/15

adPharos, LLC
_________________________
Jeffrey Nichols
adPharos, LLC, Owner
3350 Riverwood Parkway Suite 1900
Atlanta, GA 30339
404-439-1029

Appendices:

A - DJI Inspire 1 Manufacturer's User Manual

                                                              17
DJI Inspire 1 Manual web address
http://download.dji-
innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.2_en.pdf

                                                              18
