July 9, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12001
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0867

Mr. Kenneth J. McCormick
Vice President
Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC
2066 South Varian Place
Boise, ID 83709

Dear Mr. McCormick:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial surveying and mapping and UAS instruction1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3DRobotics Aero M.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics Aero
    M when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
                                                                                                            4

    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS

                                                      28 March 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Advanced Aviation LLC, seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") detailed below for the AeroM Unmanned Aircraft System manufactured
by 3D Robotics of California. Except for the aircraft, this application is similar to a previous
application to which you granted Exemption 11136 on 5 January 2015.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to use the system to support aerial surveying and mapping as well as UAS
Operator training. The AeroM system consists of a lightweight (6.8 lb) battery operated aircraft,
a PC-based ground control station with associated communications equipment and a manual
radio controller capable of linking to a second set of instructor controls. The aircraft is capable
of carrying multiple payloads making it an ideal platform for initial UAS Operator training.
Advanced Aviation Solutions would like the opportunity to utilize model aircraft flying fields for
instruction. Many of these fields operate safely within 2 NM of airports with de-confliction
procedures coordinated with airport management. By adhering to the rules established by these
clubs, we feel we can safely train UAS pilots side-by-side with model aircraft hobbyists in close
proximity to airports. By approving these exemptions, the FAA will create the opportunity to
produce professionally trained UAS Operators with both in-depth general knowledge and hands-
on operational experience.

The aircraft will be operated in the field with a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a ground-based
Visual Observer (VO) with the following restrictions:

- All operations that occur in Class B, C, D and E airspace will comply with responsible ATC
  agency restrictions

- Without an approved memorandum of understanding with airport management, the aircraft will
  not be operated within:
    a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or
    b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instrument flight procedure, but not having an
    operational control tower; or
    c) 2 NM from an airport not having a published instrument flight procedure or an operational
       control tower; or
    d) 2 NM from a heliport

- All operations will occur at no more than 500' AGL

                                                                                             1 of 6
         ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS

- Operations will be operated over private or controlled access property with the permission of
  the land owner or controller

- All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation

- The aircraft will not be operated over congested areas

- Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions

- Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight of the PIC or VO at all times

- While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC

- PIC will file a NOTAM providing radial/DME, radius, and a date/time group for each operation

- The PIC will hold a Private Pilot's Certificate and current Class III medical

- The PIC will perform maintenance on the system and will complete a course of maintenance
  instruction as part of their initial training.

We submit that the combination of the aircraft's light weight, historically demonstrated flight
performance, fully qualified flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established by
the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater level of safety
of manned aircraft performing the same mission.

The name and contact information of the applicant are:

Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC
Attn: Kenneth J. McCormick
Ph: 253-439-8100
Email: ken@adavso.com

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

- 14 CFR Part 21
- 14 CFR 91.203
- 14 CFR 45.23, 45.29
- 14 CFR 91.9
- 14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
- 14 CFR 91.121, 91.151
- 14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)
- 14 CFR 91.7(a)

                                                                                                                         2 of 6
         ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS
We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us at any time if
you require additional information or clarification.

                                                      Sincerely,

                                                      Kenneth J. McCormick
                                                      Vice President
Appendices:
A. Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety
B. Privacy Issues
C. Operational Safety Assessment
D. Aero-M Inspection and Maintenance Manual
E. 3D Robotics Aero-M User Manual
F. Aero-M Training Manual
G. RPA Student Pilot and VO Training Manual
H. ADAVSO Aviation Experience

                                                                                                                         3 of 6
                                                                                                       Appendix A

            EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Advanced Aviation Solutions LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as well
as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the 3D Robotics
AeroM:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Due to the
size of the aircraft and FAA proposals for small UAS, we request relief from the requirement for
an airworthiness certificate. The PIC will maintain the small UAS in condition for safe operation
and prior to flight must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe operation.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
(b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew." At 6.8 lbs, the AeroM is too small to carry
documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, we propose that documents
deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the crew at the ground
control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we
propose that the registration number be affixed to the aircraft as large as practical.

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number. Each aircraft will be registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be
as large as practicable.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we propose that a current,
approved Airplane Flight Manual (appendix E) must be available to the crew at the ground
station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act
as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The

                                                                                                                         4 of 6
                                                                                                       Appendix A

flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry
passengers or property for compensation or hire.

We propose that the Pilot in Command (PIC) must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at
least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements
specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
Since there are currently no means available for the pilot of a UAS to gain the experience in an
equivalent category and class in order to apply for a commercial pilot's license. Since the aircraft
cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even
though the intent of this application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 500 feet AGL, we cannot comply with this requirement.

To provide an equivalent level of safety we will only fly over private property with the
permission of the land owner. The land owner will be briefed of the expected route of flight and
the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. We maintain that due to the small
size of the AeroM, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures is not comparable to
manned aircraft and should be considered in granting the exemption.

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

a. barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA
and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator will ensure that nonparticipating persons
remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations within 500 feet will cease immediately
and/or;

b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land owner/controller has
granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and

c. operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue
hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

The regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft. The aircraft will fly below 400 feet
AGL and will not need to maintain hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with
other aircraft. As such, an appropriate altimeter measurement presented to the pilot should be
Above Ground Level and should be based on the barometric pressure at the point of launch. To
provide an equivalent level of safety, the UAS's AGL altimeter will be set to zero on the ground
prior to every flight. Since the aircraft will fly no more than 60 minutes, even rapid changes in
barometric pressure will have limited affect on the safety of the flight.

                                                                                                                         5 of 6
                                                                                                       Appendix A

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide a reserve of
energy as a safety buffer for go-arounds and other delays to landing.
The AeroM is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge
is 60 minutes. The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.
14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and
91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under
43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and
inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service."
As provided in the attached Maintenance Procedures (appendix D), the PIC will ensure that the
aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to flight and conduct detailed inspections after every 10
hours. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to repairing small cracks, replacing a
propeller, and updating software and firmware. All other maintenance will be performed by the
manufacturer. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that
due to the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level
of safety.
14 CFR 91.7(a) - Civil aircraft airworthiness
The regulation provides the aircraft require airworthiness certification. Due to the size of the
aircraft and FAA proposals for small UAS, we request relief from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate. The PIC will maintain the small UAS in condition for safe operation and
prior to flight must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe operation.

                                                                                                                         6 of 6
