May 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11628
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0584

Mr. Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
The Aviation Law Firm
1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
Suite 300
Annapolis, MD 21401

Dear Mr. Winton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial acquisitions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the senseFly eBee and senseFly eBee Ag.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Services, Inc.is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Services, Inc.is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the senseFly eBee and
    senseFly eBee Ag when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
                                                                                                            4

    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
                                                                                                            5

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                              DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _______________

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF
                                      AERIAL SERVICES, INC.

                   SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
    SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
                  91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING

                             COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE
SENSEFLY EBEE AND SENSEFLY EBEE AG UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS

                                 PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                             Submitted on March 6, 2015

                                                             GREGORY S. WINTON, ESQ.
                                                             THE AVIATION LAW FIRM
                                                             1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                             Suite 300
                                                             Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                             Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                             Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                             Attorney for Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................5

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................8
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH AERIAL SERVICES,
    INC. SEEKS EXEMPTION ..........................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF AERIAL SERVICES, INC. SEEKS AND THE
    REASON AERIAL SERVICES, INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF....................................11
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING AERIAL SERVICES, INC.'S REQUEST
    WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ...............................................................15
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................19
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........33
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT AERIAL SERVICES, INC.'S REQUEST ..........................................33
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................34

                                                          2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC          Above Ground Level
ATO          Area of Interest
C.F.R.       Air Traffic Control
COA          Air Traffic Organization
FAA          Code of Federal Regulations
FAR          Certificate of Authorization
FCC          Federal Aviation Administration
GCS          Federal Aviation Regulation
GPS          Federal Communications Commission
NAS          Ground Control Station
NOTAM        Global Positioning System
OEM          National Airspace System
PIC          Notice to Airmen
RTH          Original Equipment Manufacturer
Section 333  Pilot In Command
UA           Return To Home
UAS          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS         Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC          Visual Flight Rules
VO           Visual Line of Sight
VTOL         Visual Meteorological Conditions
             Visual Observer
             Vertical Takeoff and Landing

             3
                                                   SUMMARY
         Aerial Services, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) &
(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)
& (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit Aerial Services,
Inc. to commercially operate two (2) Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs) for the purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions within the National Airspace System (NAS) for compensation or
hire.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Aerial Services, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Aerial Services") is a veteran owned
small business with an integrated team of professionals providing premier Aerial Acquisition,
Digital Ortho, Vector Mapping, Terrain & LiDAR services to government, utilities, engineers,
and other geospatial clients. Aerial Services' headquarters is located in Cedar Falls, Iowa.
         Aerial Services will use the senseFly eBee UAS and senseFly eBee Ag UAS to
commercially provide professional geospatial services to clients associated with precision
agriculture, land use planning, mining, mapping, and forestry to conduct inventories, speciation,
and other biometric analyses. Use of the senseFly eBee UAS and senseFly eBee Ag UAS will
provide Aerial Services a safe and efficient platform to perform its business operations.

                                               BACKGROUND
           Unmanned Aircraft Systems: senseFly eBee UAS and senseFly eBee Ag UAS
         Aerial Services seeks an exemption to operate the senseFly eBee UAS (eBee UAS) and
the senseFly eBee Ag UAS (eBee Ag UAS) for compensation or hire within the NAS. The eBee
UAS and eBee Ag UAS are each comprised of a fix winged, electrically powered, rear propeller

                                                          4
driven Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The eBee
UA has a maximum gross weight of approximately 1.52 pounds and the eBee Ag UA has a
maximum gross weight of approximately 1.56 pounds. The eBee UA and eBee Ag UA have a
38-inch wingspan and a maximum speed of approximately 49 knots. The eBee UA and eBee Ag
UA are equipped with one rear-mounted propeller driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered
electric motor.

         The eBee UA and eBee Ag UA will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103,
Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R. Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Aerial Services, Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the senseFly eBee UAS and senseFly
eBee Ag UAS within the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and their operation, Aerial Services' operation of the eBee UAS and eBee Ag
UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

                                                          5
         Accordingly, Aerial Services requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         Aerial Services submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of
safety will be ensured. All maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the eBee UAS
and eBee Ag UAS performed by Aerial Services will be in accordance with the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the eBee and eBee Ag UAS
Extended User Manual, Maintenance Procedures, Training Documentation, and Justification of
Airworthiness and Safety Assessments). Furthermore, only the Original Equipment
Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher-level inspections and
maintenance per the operating documents and OEM standards. Aerial Services will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by Aerial Services to the extent
necessary to allow the proposed UAS flight operations to be conducted by a Pilot in Command
(PIC) holding a private pilot certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has
demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able
to safely operate the eBee UAS or eBee Ag UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Aerial Services seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, Aerial Services submits that it will

                                                          6
ensure that the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight,
by determining that the UAS being used is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the
eBee and eBee Ag UAS Extended User Manual, Maintenance Procedures, Training
Documentation, and Justification of Airworthiness and Safety Assessments), and that the aircraft
is in a condition for safe flight.

         Aerial Services also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121,
entitled Altimeter Settings, because the altitude reporting equipment of the eBee UAS and eBee
Ag UAS will be set to zero feet above ground level (AGL), rather than the local barometric
pressure or field altitude, before each flight. The altitude information of the eBee UA and eBee
Ag UA is provided to the PIC via a barometric pressure sensor, Global Positioning System
(GPS) equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the
UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. A level of safety equivalent to Section
91.121 will be ensured as the altitude of the eBee UA and eBee Ag UA will be reported to air
traffic control (ATC) in feet AGL, and Aerial Services will operate the eBee UA and eBee Ag
UA within visual line of sight, at or below 500 feet AGL.

         Additionally, Aerial Services seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(a)(1), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Aerial Services submits
that safety will not be affected by operation of the eBee UA or eBee Ag UA during daylight
hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough
battery power for the eBee UA to fly for a total duration of 40 minutes to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least ten minutes
(i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining), and for the eBee Ag UA to fly for a total duration of

                                                          7
36 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after

that for at least nine minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining).

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Aerial Services provides the following information

in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                  Aerial Services, Inc.
                  6315 Chancellor Drive
                  Cedar Falls, Iowa 50613

         The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

                  Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                  The Aviation Law Firm
                  1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway, Suite 300
                  Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                  Tel: (301) 294-8550 | Fax: (866) 568-9886
                  Email: Greg@aviationlawexperts.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Aerial Services Seeks Exemption.

         1. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  61.113(a) And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
         hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
         connection with any business or employment if--

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

                                                          8
         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and

                  within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                  this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available
                  station; or

                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                  the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

         4. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)(1),

states the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes;

         5. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
                  91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

                                                          9
         6. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7
         of this chapter[.]

         7. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

         8. Aerial Services Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections,
         as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
         and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                  the work performed; and

                                                         10
                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                  aircraft for return to service.

                  (2) Records containing the following information:

                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                  and each rotor.

                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                  the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                  and its appliances are maintained.

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                  safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                  major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers,
                  and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
         performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
         this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
         The Relief.

                                                         11
         1. Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
                  Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:
Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private pilot
certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and
currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state
that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any
business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         As set forth more fully below, Aerial Services submits that an equivalent level of safety
will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the eBee UAS or eBee Ag UAS
unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the
PIC is able to safely operate the eBee UAS or eBee Ag UAS in a manner consistent with the
operations specifications as set forth herein, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as
well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, Aerial Services submits that all flights of the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS,
conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to Aerial
Services' business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow Aerial Services to determine that the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS are in an
airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that each UAS is in compliance with the

                                                         12
operating documents (i.e., the eBee and eBee Ag UAS Extended User Manual, Maintenance
Procedures, Training Documentation, and Justification of Airworthiness and Safety
Assessments), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

         Aerial Services seeks the requested relief because the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS do
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Therefore, prior to every flight, Aerial Services will ensure that the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS
are in an airworthy condition based upon compliance and conformity with the relevant operating
documents, and further, by making a determination that the aircraft are in a condition for safe
flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

         3. Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS because before each flight, the altitude reporting
equipment will be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure
or field altitude. The eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS
equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information
from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS).

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations
stated below. As more fully set forth herein, a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will
be ensured as the altitude of the eBee UA and eBee Ag UA will be reported to air traffic control
(ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), and Aerial Services will operate the eBee UA and
eBee Ag UA within visual line of sight (VLOS), at or below 500 feet AGL.

                                                         13
         4. Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions,
is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered eBee UA during
daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR) to fly
for a total duration of 40 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, to fly after that for at least ten minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining).
For the eBee Ag UA, relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) is requested to the extent required to allow
flights during daylight hours in VMC, under VFR, to fly for a total duration of 36 minutes to the
first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least
nine minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining). Aerial Services seeks the requested
relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(a)(1), the flight time duration of the
battery powered eBee UA and eBee Ag UA will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial
acquisition and research flight operations that Aerial Services proposes to conduct pursuant to
this Petition.

         As more fully set forth below, the technical specifications of the eBee and eBee Ag UAS,
as well as Aerial Services' proposed operating limitations, will ensure safe operation of the
battery powered eBee UA and eBee Ag UA during daylight hours in VMC, under VFR, with
enough battery power to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, to fly after that for at least ten minutes or nine minutes, respectively (i.e., 20 percent
battery power remaining).

         5. Extent Of Relief Aerial Services Seeks And The Reason Aerial Services Seeks
                  Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And
                  91.417(a) & (b).

                                                         14
         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Aerial Services requests relief from these
Sections because the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate.
As set forth more fully below, the eBee UAS and eBee Ag UAS meet the conditions of Section
333 of the FMRA for operation without an airworthiness certificate.

         All maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the eBee UAS and eBee Ag
UAS will be performed by Aerial Services in accordance with the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the eBee and eBee Ag UAS Extended User
Manual, Maintenance Procedures, Training Documentation, and Justification of Airworthiness
and Safety Assessments). Furthermore, only the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or
qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher-level inspections and maintenance per the
operating documents and OEM standards. Aerial Services will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the eBee and eBee Ag UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Aerial Services' Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Aerial Services
to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS,
commercially, in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, railroad industry,
oil and gas industries, and forestry. Additionally, use of the eBee and eBee Ag UAS will
decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the
economy. Notably, the benefits of Aerial Services' proposed operation of the eBee and eBee Ag
UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.
         1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research

                  Performed.

                                                         15
         Aerial Services submits this Petition to commercially operate the eBee and eBee Ag UAS
in order to perform aerial acquisitions within the NAS in support of agriculture, land use
planning, scientific studies, mining, forestry, and industry (e.g., railroad, gas, and oil industries).
The eBee and eBee Ag UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial acquisition and
research operations to further each of these fields, all of which are critical to the well being of the
general public.

         The specific operations that Aerial Services will perform with the eBee and eBee Ag
UAS demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced
industries and the public, as a whole. In agriculture, the precision aerial acquisitions performed
by the UAS will be used to predict and increase crop yields, and to provide research for
prevention of crop disease. In land use planning and industrial operations, the UAS will be used
to aid in facility inspections, survey and plan new worksites, conduct volumetric analysis, and
perform right of way analysis. The UAS may also be used to aid in environmental management
by mapping deforestation, and surveying point source pollution.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The eBee and eBee Ag UA are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and
economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By
reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption
allowing the use of UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise
and air pollution, and increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The eBee
and eBee Ag UA do not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned

                                                         16
  aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
  air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
  operations.

           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The eBee
           And eBee Ag UAS.
           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the eBee and eBee Ag UAS, instead of manned
aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and an electric
motor, the UAS produce no air pollution, and are the most viable environmentally conscious
alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are
typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, which burn approximately 30-40 gallons per hour of
leaded aviation fuel. The eBee and eBee Ag UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also reduce noise pollution as the UAs are propelled by battery powered electric
motors, rather than internal combustion engines.
           By using the UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property
in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight
operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of
flightcrew members located onboard the aircraft, the eBee and eBee Ag UA (weighing
approximately 1.52 pounds and 1.56 pounds, respectively, at maximum gross weight; each with a
wingspan measuring approximately 38 inches; and neither carrying any fuel on board), have less
physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air,
compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately
6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of
180 gallons).

                                                           17
         4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The eBee And eBee Ag
         UAS Will Benefit The Economy.
         In addition to being safe and efficient, the UAS are also an economical alternative to
using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the UAS will allow
United States based companies, like Aerial Services, to remain competitive and contribute to
growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the
Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels,
U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to
remain competitive. Operation of a UAS such as the battery powered eBee and eBee Ag is one
such technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to
manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional
manned aircraft.
         By operating the UAS, companies such as Aerial Services, can remain competitive and
profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which will
ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S.
companies, through commercial use of UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases
consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to
invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and
abroad.
         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, Aerial Services' proposed operation of the UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.
Specifically, the UAS will only be operated pursuant to the specific conditions and limitations
set forth herein, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the

                                                         18
minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Most significantly, the UA will not be

operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly

involved in the operation.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which Aerial Services Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The eBee And eBee Ag UAS Meet The Conditions Of The
         FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

unmanned aircraft and its operation, Aerial Services' operation of the eBee and eBee Ag UAS

meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in

accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification

and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the

NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section

333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                  the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

                                                         19
         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.
         In seeking this exemption, Aerial Services submits that the eBee and eBee Ag UAS can
operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the
characteristics of the eBee and eBee Ag UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the
specific operating limitations.

                  a. The Specifications Of The eBee And eBee Ag UAS Demonstrate
                           Their Safe Characteristics.

         The eBee and eBee Ag UAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The UAS.
         The technical specifications of the eBee and eBee Ag UAS are set forth at page 169 of
the Extended User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains proprietary
information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)1.

                           ii. The Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UA
                                   To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

         The eBee and eBee Ag UAS may be operated in both semi and fully autonomous flight
modes. The UAS autonomous features include the following: a GPS Position and Altitude Hold
when initiated by the GCS; a Return To Home (RTH) function; and Flight Limits (i.e, pre-set
limitations that restrict the distance and height of the UAS flight operations).

1 Exhibits to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         20
         A complete description of the UAS autonomous flight modes is provided at pages 68
through 88 of the Extended User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains
proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iii. The UAS Are Designed For Automatic Return To Home Point
                                  Or Auto-Land In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or
                                  Navigation.

         A complete description of the UAS Failsafe Functions is set forth at pages 149 through
163 of the Extended User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains proprietary
information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The UAS Ground Control Station (GCS) And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the GCS and its software is
provided at pages 68 through 132 of the Extended User Manual. The UAS are compliant with all
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) requirements, and the radio frequency spectrum
used for operation and control of the UA is set forth at page 170 of the Extended User Manual.
A copy of the Extended User Manual, which contains proprietary information, is attached hereto
as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  b. Flight Operations Of The UAS Are Limited To The Line Of Sight Of
                           A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.

         Aerial Services will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid FAA
issued airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the UAS. Additionally, a
safety observer will assist all pilots during flight operations.

                  c. Flights Of The UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific
                           Operating Limitations.

                                                         21
         In seeking this exemption, Aerial Services proposes to commercially operate the UAS for

the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS, pursuant to the following

specific operating limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents, which are fixed wing, rear propeller driven aircraft
         with the eBee UAS weighing 1.52 pounds, and the eBee Ag weighing 1.56 pounds, at
         maximum gross weight: eBee and eBee Ag Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         grant.

         2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
         purpose of aerial acquisitions.

         3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 49 knots.

         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground level
         (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
         reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

         6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or visual observer (VO) is not
         permitted.

         7. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
         VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
         PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
         not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and
         cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure
         that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

         8. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
         avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
         permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

         9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
         operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
         between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the
         procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained
         in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator
         must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may

                                                         22
update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption,
then the operator must petition for amendment to the grant of exemption. The FAA's
UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates
or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must
make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified
in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner

                                                23
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive
and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner
consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). The VO is also required to complete the operator's
training requirements. A record of training must be documented and made available upon
request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and
VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of the
exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 20% battery power remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airmen
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
requirements.

                                                24
26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

32. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
persons (persons other than the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
         persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
         ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
         arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
         feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
         owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
         and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
         objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
         present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

33. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
the land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to
be conducted.

34. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to

                                                25
         the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
         to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
         NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)

                  And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
         Aerial Services submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section
61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the UAS unless
that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the
PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including
evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.
         Considering Aerial Services' proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations
set forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those
of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills
necessary to safely operate the UAS, Aerial Services submits that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship
skills necessary for Aerial Services' specific proposed flight operations.
         The eBee UAS has been the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Section 61.113(a) and
(b) (Exemption No. 11170). The eBee Ag UAS has also been the subject of a Grant of
Exemption from Section 61.113(a) and (b) (Exemption No. 11136). Additionally, the FAA has
previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS, in circumstances
similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185,
11188).

                                                         26
         Aerial Services will not allow any PIC to operate the UAS unless that PIC has

demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or the eBee UAS or eBee Ag UAS

training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner

consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining

appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14

C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS pilot (with a minimum of 5 hours of those

hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under

the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and

landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience that

was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of safety

during Aerial Services' proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior documented

flight experience obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would ensure safe

operations, as follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
         purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated
         and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a
         UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor
         UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have
         accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make
         and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption. For clarification, the
         FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e.
         5 hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the
         10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the
         hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-off and landings in the preceding 90
         days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour
         requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in
         the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also
         finds that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
         applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and

                                                         27
         experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption to
         accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
         flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance
         with 14 C.F.R 91.119.
See Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.
         Accordingly, Aerial Services will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to
operate the UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and
currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)

                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because
prior to every flight, Aerial Services will ensure that the UAS are in an airworthy condition
based upon the aircraft's compliance and conformity with relevant operating documents (i.e., the
Extended User Manual, Maintenance Procedures, Training Documentation, and Justification of
Airworthiness and Safety Assessments), and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.
         The eBee UAS has been the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Section 91.7(a)
(Exemption No. 11170). The eBee Ag UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of
Exemption from Section 91.7(a) (Exemption Nos. 11136, 11167). Additionally, the FAA has
previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065,
11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158,
11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11177, 11178, 11185,
11188).

                                                         28
         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
the altitude of the UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level
(AGL), and Aerial Services will operate the UA within visual line of sight (VLOS), at or below
500 feet AGL. Furthermore, altitude information of the UA will be provided to the PIC via a
barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link,
which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude.
Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be automatically established by the UAS
at ground level.

         The eBee UAS was the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Section 91.121 (Exemption
No. 11170). The eBee Ag UAS was the subject of multiple Grants of Exemption from Section
91.121 (Exemption Nos. 11136, 11167). The FAA has previously granted relief from Section
91.121 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented
herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170,
11171, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185, 11188).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(a)(1) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the UAS; (2) the
limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight
operations. Accordingly, Aerial Services will ensure that it will safely operate the battery
powered UA only during daylight hours in visual metrological conditions (VMC) under visual

                                                         29
flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power for the eBee UA to fly for a total duration of 40
minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after
that for at least ten minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining); and for the eBee Ag UA
to fly for a total duration of 36 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least nine minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power
remaining)

         As established by previous Grants of Exemption concerning the eBee and eBee Ag UAS,
the technical specifications of the UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the
location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(a)(1). See Exemption No. 11170 (eBee UAS); Exemption Nos. 11136,
11167 (eBee Ag UAS). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the UAS provide audible and
visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UA has low battery power remaining.

         Significantly, the eBee UAS has been the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Section
91.151 (Exemption No. 11170), and the eBee Ag UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of
Exemption from Section 91.151 (Exemption Nos. 11136, 11167). These previous Grants of
Exemption, as well as other previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section
91.151, establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and
operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to
operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689,
5745, and 10650.

         Likewise, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,

                                                         30
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170,
11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185, 11188).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not
                  Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Aerial Services submits that the equivalent level of safety with
regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because all
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the UAS performed by Aerial Services
will be in accordance with the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating
documents (i.e., the Extended User Manual, Maintenance Procedures, Training Documentation,
and Justification of Airworthiness and Safety Assessments). Furthermore, only the Original
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher-level
inspections and maintenance per the operating documents and OEM standards. Aerial Services
will document and maintain all maintenance records for the UAS.

         Since the UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents, Aerial
Services will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The following operating documents are attached hereto,
identified as the following Exhibits: (A) The eBee and eBee Ag Extended User Manual, (B) The
eBee Maintenance Procedures, (C) The eBee Training Documentation, (D) The eBee
Justification of Airworthiness and Safety Assessment, (E) The eBee Ag Maintenance
Procedures, (F) The eBee Ag Training Documentation, and (G) The eBee Ag Justification of
Airworthiness and Safety Assessment). The foregoing exhibits contain proprietary information
and are to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                                                         31
         The eBee UAS has been the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) (Exemption No. 11170). The eBee
Ag UAS has also been the subject of a Grant of Exemption from Sections 91.405(A),
91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) (Exemption No. 11167), and other
previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning these Sections establish that safety is not
adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are
considered (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109,
11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166,
11167, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185, 11188).

         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Aerial Services requests that the
FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the UAS, which contain such
safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to
that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such
special conditions will permit safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial acquisitions within the NAS for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such
UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that
must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

                                                         32
§ 21.16, for operation of the UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not

contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of

the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may

prescribe special conditions for Aerial Services' intended operation of the UAS, which contain

such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety

equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)

& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and

91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:
         The Rules From Which Aerial Services Seeks Exemption:

         Aerial Services, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. Sections
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
         (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Aerial Services Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Aerial Services, Inc. to commercially operate Unmanned
         Aircraft Systems (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the
         National Airspace System (NAS).

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support Aerial
         Services' Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS

                                                         33
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Aerial Services' request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, Aerial Services will operate the eBee and eBee Ag UAS
safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise
pose a threat to national security.

                                                CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Aerial Services, Inc. seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will
permit safe operation of the senseFly eBee and senseFly eBee Ag UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the
National Airspace System (NAS). By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be
fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while
also advancing the public interests, by allowing Aerial Services to safely, efficiently, and
economically operate UAS commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Aerial Services, Inc. respectfully requests
that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit operation of the senseFly eBee and senseFly eBee Ag
UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS.

                                                         34
Dated: March 6, 2015               Respectfully submitted,

cc: James H. Williams, AFS-80      The Aviation Law Firm
         Robert Pappas
         Dean Griffith, Esq.       /s/ Gregory S. Winton
                                   ____________________________
                                   Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                                   1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                   Suite 300
                                   Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                   Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                   Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                   Attorney for Petitioner

                               35
