July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12200
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1861

Mr. Damon Darnall
President
Aerial Real Estate Photography
17460 I-35 North, Suite 430
Schertz, TX 78154

Dear Mr. Darnall:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Real Estate Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Real Estate Photography is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Real Estate Photography is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 8, 2015 

 

 

U. S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Management System 

1200 New Jersey Ave, SE 

Washington, DC 20590 

 

 

Re:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  of  the  Federal  Aviation 
Regulations  from  14  C.F.R.  45.23(b)  14  C.F.R.  Part  21  14  C.F.R.  61.113(a)&(b)  91.7(a) 
91.9(b)  (2)  91.103(b)  91.109119.121  91.151(a)  91.203(a)&(b)  91.405(a)  91.407(a)  (1) 
91.409(a) (2) 91.417(a)&(b) 

 

To Whom It May Concern: 
 
I, Damon  Darnall, President of Aerial Real Estate Photography ("AREP") am writing pursuant 
to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of 2012  and  the  procedures  contained within 14 
C.F.R.  11,  to  request  that  AREP,  an  owner  and  operator  of  small  unmanned  aircraft,  be 
exempted  from  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  listed  below  so  that  AREP  may 
operate our small ultra lightweight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace 
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"). 
 
I  am  a  Contest  Director  with  the  AMA  (American  Modelers Association).  I am  also  a  Flight 
Instructor with AMA Leader Club #1218. I'm experienced in flying Hobby Class Remote Control 
Aircraft  for  recreational  purposes.  I  have  added  hobby  grade  quadcopters1  UAS  to  my 
inventory  equipped  with  a  GoPro4  Black  cameras  with  intent  for  aerial 
videography/cinematography  to  enhance  academic  community  awareness  for  those 
individuals  and  companies  unfamiliar  with  the geographical layout of the metro San Antonio 
area, and augment real estate listing videos following  exemption  and  approval  by  the  FAA.   
  
I  have  built, flown  and maintained  RC aircraft for over twenty five (25) years without incident. 
I've graduated from the RC 1st Flight School, completing intermediate and advanced flight and 
safety  training.  I  am  also  certified  by  RCFA  (RC  Flight  Academy)  in  MultiRotor  Flight  and 
Safety  Training. My exemption request would permit operation of ultra lightweight, unmanned 
(piloted  by  remote  control) and  comparatively  inexpensive  UAS(s)  in  tightly  controlled 
and   limited   airspace.2 

   

Flights  will  be  in areas away from the  general public, airports, heliports  and heavy vehicular 
traffic  areas  for community  videos, and within  property  boundaries  for individual homeowner 
real  estate  listing  videos/photos.  Currently,  similar  lightweight,  remote  controlled  UAS's  are 
legally operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place  to 
prevent  catastrophe.  AREP  has instituted  extensive  safety protocols and controls3 to avoid  

 

 
______________________________ 

 

1 Appendix A  DJI Phantom 2 Quadcopter Operator Manual 

2 Appendix B  San Antonio metro area 5 mile airport radius maps  

3 Appendix C  Flight Check/Flight Safety Protocols 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            1 
and  prevent  public  hazard,  as  well  as  manned  aircraft  hazards/catastrophe. This will  act to 
further  safety  protocols  exclusive  to  lightweight  UAS's  specific  to  real  estate  video  and 
photography usage as AREP record flight data and other information gained through permitted 
flight  operations  to  share  with  the FAA through any required  FAA reports  to assist with future 
protocol and safety regulation. 
 

Granting  AREP's  request  comports  with  the  Secretary  of  Transportation's  (FAA 
Administrator's)  responsibilities  and  authority  to  not  only  integrate  UAS's  into  the  national 
airspace  system,  but  to  "...establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft 
systems  [UAS's]  in  the  national  airspace  system"  under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act 
specific  to  the  use  of  UAS's  for  real  estate/Realtor  purposes.  Further,  AREP  will  conduct 
operations in  compliance  with the protocols described  herein or as otherwise  established  by 
the FAA. 
 

For  the  reasons stated below, AREP respectfully  requests the grant of an exemption allowing 
operation of  ultra  lightweight, remote controlled UAS's for academic community awareness to 
benefit/stimulate  attraction  to the metro San Antonio area and to enhance real  estate listing 
videos  for homeowners who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for  the same purpose. 
Both  of  which  will  promote  local  economic  growth  through  increased  employment  and 
increased tax base as well as enhance public safety by minimizing the use of heavier manned 
aircraft containing combustible fuel that pose potential public hazard. 
 
 I. Contact Information: 

 

Damon Darnall, President 
AREP 
17460 I35N Ste.430 
Schertz, TX. 78154 
Office: (210) 6607591 
Mobile: (713) 2590449 
Email: Damon@ProwessMarketingConsultants.com 
 
 II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From 
 Which AREP Requests Exemption are: 

 
14 CFR 21 
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) 
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91, et seq. 
14 CFR 407 (a) (1) 
14 CFR 409 (a) (2) and, 
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b) 
 
III. The Extent of relief AREP seeks and the Reason Seeking Such Relief: 

 

 AREP, submits  this application in accordance with  the  Reform Act, 112 P.L.95 §§ 331334, 
 seeking  relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent AREP, contemplated 
 commercial  cinematic,  academic  and  other  flight  operations  within  the  national  airspace 
 system.  The  Reform  Act  in  Section  332  provides  for  such  integration  of  civil  unmanned 
 aircraft  systems  into  our  national  airspace  system  as it is  in the public's  interest to do so. 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            2 
 AREP's,  ultra  lightweight  UAS  meets  the  definition  of  "small  unmanned  aircraft"  as 
 defined  in  Section  331  and  therefore  the  integration  of  the  ultra  lightweight  UAS  is 
 expressly  contemplated  by  the  Reform  Act.  We  would  like  to  operate  our  ultra  lightweight 
 UAS prior to the time period by which  the  Reform Act  requires the FAA  to promulgate rules 
 governing  such  craft. This can provide direct experience and valuable information for formal 
 regulation  that can be administered  uniformly to all real estate related UAS aerial video and 
 photography.  The  Reform  Act  guides  the Secretary  in determining  the types of  UAS's  that 
 may operate safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The weight, size, 
 speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's whether the UAS will be operated  near  airports 
 or  heavily  populated  areas  and, whether  the  UAS  will  be operated by line of sight 112 
 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for AREP. AREP UAS 
 utilizes  four  (4) counterrotating  propellers  for balance, control and  stability. Our UAS's  are 
 equipped with  GPS  and auto return safety  technology.  The UAS's  weigh  less than four  (4) 
 pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit) including camera with gimbal. 

 
 AREP considers  safety foremost with each flight. Our small unmanned aircraft are designed 
 to  hover  in  place  via  GPS  and  operate  in less  than  a  23 knot  (25  mph) wind.  Because  of 
 safety concerns,  stability  and  fear of financial loss, AREP  will  not fly in winds exceeding 13 
 kph (15 mph). Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows our UAS's to hover in 
 place when radio controls are released. With three modes to choose from, we utilize the GPS4 
 for  aerial  videography/photography.  This  is  the  safest,  most  reliable  and  stable  mode  to 
 prevent accident and hazard. When pilot communication is lost, the UAS is designed to slowly 
 descend  to point of take  off.  We  do  not operate our UAS's near airports, hospitals or police 
 heliports, nor do we operate near areas where the general public is within fifty to one hundred 
 (50100)  yards  depending  on  location,  conditions  and  weather.  Our  UAS  software  is 
 continuously  updated  with  the  most  uptodate  airport  airspace  no  fly  zones 
 (http://www.dji.com/flysafe/categorymc). 
 We  are  constantly  on  alert  for  any  manned  aircraft  (Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and 
 prepared  to  land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned 
 aircraft  approach  our  location  or  we  suspect  manned  aircraft  may  approach  near  our 
 location.  Our  UAS's  are  capable  of  vertical  and  horizontal  operations,  and  are  flown  only 
 within  the  line  of  sight  of  of  the  remote  control  pilot.  Utilizing  battery  power  rather  than 
 combustible  fuels,  flights  generally  last  between  three  (3)  to  seven  (7)  minutes,  with  an 
 altitude under two hundred (300) feet. We, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with  each flight 
 as a safety precaution full flight time limit for each battery is nine (9) to twelve (12) minutes as 
 tested. I do not operate  my  UAS  at or  below  manufacturer recommend  minimum charge 
 levels  for  operation  preferring  to  remain  well  within  a  safe  operating  range  to  insure 
 adequate communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss 
 of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure replacement 
 for  sufficient  safe level of  operation.  We  do  everything we can  to minimize any risk  that  may 
 cause a crash and create hazard to the public/property/manned aircraft.  AREP strictly follows 
 RCFA's  Flight  Training  Protocols  that  are  outlined  in  the  Flight  Check  /  Flight  Safety 
 Protocals3..  These  include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  link  loss  recovery,  GPS  loss  recovery, 
 disorientation recovery, lineofsight loss recovery, emergency landing procedures, and motor 
 failure emergency landing.  
  

 ______________________________ 

   

  3  Appendix C  Flight Check/Flight Safety Protocols 

  4  GPS  modes  includes,  position  hold,  selfleveling,  altitude  command,  GPS,  return  home  feature,  and  safety  control  to  return  home  or  land  in  the  event  of 
  communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See Appendix A  Operator Manual. 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            3 
It also outlines advanced flying and recovery practices on a simulator and requires participants 
to  safely  navigate  specific  courses  within  a  certain  timeframe.  AREP  also  keeps logs  of all 
flights, replacement parts and flight batteries. We also require a minimum of 4 flights a month 
including takeoff and landings. 

 

AREP is extremely cautious when operating our UAS/ultra lightweight unmanned aircraft and 
will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 
333  (b).  Given  the  small  size  and  weight  of  our  UAS's,  they  fall  well  within  Congress's 
contemplated  safety  zone  when  it  promulgated  the  Reform  Act  and  the  corresponding 
directive  to  integrate  UAS's  into  the  national  airspace system. Our  UAS's,  used in hobby 
flight, have  a  demonstrable  safety record and do not pose any threat to the general public or 
national security. 
 
IV. How AREP's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole: 

 

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has been around 
for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget real estate 
companies  and  average  homeowners,  the  expense  of  such  aerial  videography  is  cost 
prohibitive.  Only  large  companies,  highend  realtors  or  luxury  homeowners  can  afford  to 
absorb such expense. This deprives most homeowners and realtors from a valuable marketing 
tool. Manned aircraft can pose a threat to  the  public  through  potential  catastrophic  crashes. 
Our UAS's pose no such threat, since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any potential 
threat to the public. 

 

Congress  has  already  proclaimed  that  it  is  in  the public's  interest to  integrate  commercially 
flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting 
our  exemption request  furthers the public interest  through  academic/visual  awareness of the 
geographical benefits in and around the metro San Antonio area. Our ultra lightweight UAS's 
are  battery  powered  and  create  no  emissions  that  can  harm  the  environment.  The 
consequence  of our ultra lightweight UAS's  crashing is  far less  than  a full size helicopter or 
fixed  wing  aircraft  which  are  heavy,  contain  combustible  fuel  and  can  cause  catastrophic 
devastation to the public. 

 

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial 
video/photo  capture  through  my battery operated ultra lightweight UAS's.  Allowing our UAS's 
to  immediately  fly  within  national  air  space  furthers  economic  growth.  If  our  exemption  is 
granted, it substantially furthers the economic impact for the metro San Antonio community by 
making it more accessible for companies looking to relocate or build in the San Antonio metro 
area as well  as individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and 
geographical awareness. Both of these serve as a stimulus to the community. 

 

 V.  Reasons  Why  AREP's  Exemption  Will  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety  Or  How  The 
 Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule: 
 
Our exemption  will not adversely  affect safety. Quite the contrary, by allowing us to log more 
flight time in FAA controlled airspace, we can communicate with the FAA, and contribute to the 
innovation  and  implementation  of  new and,  as  of  yet,  undiscovered  safety protocols  for 
realtors. In addition, we submit the following safety protocols and enhancements to the current 
practices for real estate aerial videography and photography: 
  

     AREP UAS   weighs less  than  4  pounds complete with a small ultra light weight high 
         quality Gopro4 Black Camera 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            4 
     AREP only operates  our  UAS's below 300  ft  (well within the 400 ft permissible ceiling 
         set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012) 

     AREP UAS only operate for 37 minutes per flight 
     AREP  lands  UAS's  prior  to  manufacturer  recommended  minimum  level  of  battery 

         power 
     AREP pilot UAS through remote control only by line of sight and will not operate more 

         than 1000 feet1 from us 
     AREP UAS's have GPS a flight safety feature meaning it hovers and then slowly lands if 

         communication with the remote control pilot is lost 
     AREP  UAS's  have  additional  safety  features  such  as  altitude  limitations,  distance 

         limitations and built in geofencing  
     AREP UAS's low power safety features will automatically land upon the battery voltage 

         getting low, in the case of a defective or failing battery.  
     AREP actively  analyzes  flight  data  and  other  sources  of  information  to  constantly 

         update and enhance safety protocols 
     AREP  only  operates  in  reasonably  safe  environments  that  are  strictly  controlled,  are 

         away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas 
     AREP conducts  extensive  preflight  inspections  and  protocol,  during  which  safety 

         carries primary importance 
     AREP always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation  
     AREP  has  individual  identifying  numbers  clearly  displayed  on  each  aircraft  that  is 

         logged and always available for inspection.  
     AREP  has  procedures  in  place  to  abort  flights  in  the  event  of  safety  breaches  or 

         potential danger 
     AREP always displays a "Caution Flight in Progress 150 ft distance required" sign when 

         flying5 
     AREP uses a VO flight assistant  
     Flight testing of all new aircraft is done at licenced AMA flying fields. At the same time, 

         geofencing  calibration  of  300  ft  AGL  and  1000  ft  distance  are  verified.  UAS's  with 
         programmable  flight systems like the Phantom 2,  firmware programmed  for maximum 
         300  ft  AGL  and  1000  ft  distance,  are  the  appropriate  distance  for  easily  maintaining 
         VSOL without assistance of binoculars or other aids.  
     Most intended operation will only require a range of 20100 ft AGL and less than 300 ft 
         lateral distance from PIC. Limited stated distance for VSOL will be rare, if ever needed. 
     AREP  checks  monthly  for  Firmware  and  safety  updates  on  all  multirotor  equipment 
         including: 

                 Main Controller 
                 GPS 
                 Receiver 
                 Battery 
                 Zen IMU 

              

In addition, we request request consideration for 120 day §63.13 Temporary Airman Certificate 
to allow FAA time to review our petition and allow AREP time to coordinate and attain formal 
specialized training.  AREP is  seeking a  reasonable exemption with restriction solely to UAS 
operation at AGL below 300 feet with distance of flight no greater than 1000 feet. Currently 
there are no provisions within the FAA for governing UAS's such as the DJI Phantom 2  
________________________ 

1 Appendix A  DJI Phantom 2 Quadcopter Operator Manual 

5 Appendix D  AREP Caution Sign 

 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            5 
 

for hobby or commercial use. Phantom 2 sales have been exponentially higher than the 7,500 

in 5 years estimate that the FAA put forward three years ago. With over 1 millions units sold in 

2014 alone, the need for experienced, trained, and responsible operators is more important 

than ever. UAS's being flown without guidelines by unfamiliar and untrained individuals who do 

not belong to a professional organizations like the AMA, may pose a threat to NAS, the public, 

and responsible hobbyists.  

   
 Recently Transport Canada relaxed UAS regulations to place less restriction on UAS's under 
 2 kg (4.4 lbs).  
  

 AREP  requests  review  of  Transport  Canada's  latest  exemption6.7  for  UAS  operation  for 
 portions  that  can  be  adopted  and  adapted  to  apply  in  United  States  NAS.  The  includes 
 providing guideline and penalties for infractions, violations, and failure to comply. 
  

 Attachments  A  &  B  are  from  Transport  Canada's  Exemption  for  sUAS  under  2  kg  (4.4 
 pounds) 

 
 

 AREP's  safety  protocols  greatly  exceed  existing  rules.  It  is  important  to  note  that until  the 
 integration of commercial UAS into our national airspace system, full size helicopters are the 
 primary  means  of  aerial  video  and  photography for  community awareness  and real estate. 
 While  the  safety  record  of  such  helicopters  is  remarkably  astounding,  there  have  been 
 incidents involving loss of life as well as extensive property damage. It is far safer to operate a 
 battery powered ultra lightweight UAS. 
  

     First,  the potential  loss of  life is  diminished because  UAS's carry no  people  on  board 
         and AREP only operates our UAS's in specific areas away from mass populations.  

     Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential  for fire or explosions is 
         greatly diminished. 

     Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of our UAS's allow us to remotely pilot 
         away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely. 

     Lastly,  given  its  small  size  and  weight,  even  when  close  enough  to capture  images, 
         AREP's  UAS's need not be so close to the objects because of the technology and use 
         of post editing software that mimics panning and zooming. 

 

Accordingly, AREP's UAS's have been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency 
and will continue to operate at and above current safety levels. 

 

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: 
 
 A.  14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like 

 

     14  C.F.R.  21,  Subpart  H,  entitled  Airworthiness  Certificates,  sets forth requirements  for 
     procurement  of  necessary  airworthiness  certificates  in  relation  to  FAR  §91.203(a)(1). 
________________________ 

 
6 Appendix E  Transport Canada's Info Chart UAS 

7 Appendix F  Transport Canada's Exemption for UAS's under 4.4lbs. 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            6 
      
     The  size,  weight  and  enclosed  operational  area  of  AREP's UAS's permit exemption 
     from  Part  21  because  our  UAS's  meet  (and  exceed)  an  equivalent  level  of  safety 
     pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from 
     the  airworthiness certificate requirement  under  both  the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701  (f)) and 
     Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's 
     from the airworthiness certificate requirement  in consideration of the weight, size,  speed, 
     maneuverability  and proximity to  areas  such as airports  and dense  populations. AREP's 
     current and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements. 

 

     14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. 
     As  no  such  certificate  will  be  applicable  in  the  form  contemplated  by  the  FARs,  this 
     regulation is inapplicable. 

 

     14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on 
     board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this regulation is inapplicable. 
     An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  maintaining  a safety/flight manual 
     delineating  areas  of  where  safety  can  be  defined.3  The  FAA  has  previously  issued 
     exemptions  to  this  regulation  in Exemption  Nos.  8607,  8737,  8738,  9299,  9299A,  9565, 
     9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827. 

 

      14  C.F.R.  §  91.121  regarding  altimeter  settings  is  inapplicable  insofar  as  our  UAS's  utilize 
      electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor. 
 
      14  C.F.R.  §  91.203  (a)  and  (b)  provides  for  the  carrying  of  civil  aircraft  certifications  and 
      registrations.  They  are  inapplicable  for  the  same  reasons described above.  The  equivalent 
      level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by maintaining  any such  required  certifications and registrations 
      by AREP. 
 
 B.   14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft 
 

           Applicable  Codes  of  Federal  Regulation  require  aircraft  to  be  marked  according  to 
           certain specifications.  Our UAS's are, by definition, unmanned.  They therefore do not have 
           a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases.  Further, twoinch 
           lettering  is  difficult  to  place  on  such  small  aircraft  with  dimensions  smaller  that  minimal 
           lettering requirement.  Regardless, we will mark our UAS's in the largest possible lettering by 
           placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on their fuselages as required by 14 C.F.R. 
           §45.29 (f) so that the pilot, or anyone assisting the pilot as a spotter with the UAV will see the 
           markings.  The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions 
           Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700. 
 
C.   14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC 
 
           Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  §§  61.113  (a)  &  (b),  private  pilots  are  limited  to  noncommercial 
           operations.  AREP  can  achieve  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  achieved  by  current 
           Regulations because our UAS's do not carry any pilots or passengers.  Further, while helpful, 
          a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks attended to the  
 
________________________ 

 

  3 Appendix C  Flight Check/Flight Safety Protocols 

  

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            7 
  

           operation of  our  UAS's are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities 
           outlined in  14  C.F.R.  § 61,  et  seq.  Therefore,  AREP  can  operate  our  UAS's  to  meet and 
           exceed current safety levels in relation to 14C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). 
 
 D.   14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 

 
           14  C.F.R.  §  91.119  prescribes  safe  altitudes  for  the  operation  of  civil  aircraft.  It  allows 
           helicopters  to  be  operated  at  lower  altitudes  in  certain  conditions.  Our  UAS's  will  never 
           operate  at  an  altitude  greater  than 300 AGL safely below the standard of 400 AGL. AREP 
           will  operate our  UAS's  in safe  areas away from public  and  traffic, providing a  level of  safety 
           at least  equivalent to  or  below those  in relation to minimum safe altitudes.  Given the size, 
           weight,  maneuverability  and speed  of  our UAS's, an  equivalent or  higher level  of  safety  will 
           be achieved. 

 

 E.   14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a) 407 (a) (1) 409 (a) (2) 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

 

           The  abovecited  Regulations  require,  amongst  other  things,  aircraft  owners  and 
           operators  to  "have  [the] aircraft  inspected as  prescribed in  subpart  E  of  this part and shall 
           between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  have 
           discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ." 
 
 These  regulations  only  apply  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate.  They  will  not, 
 therefore, apply to our UAS's. However, as a safety precaution, we inspect our UAS's before 
 and after each flight. 

 

 A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 
 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled 
 Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary 
 airworthiness  certificates  in  relation  to  FAR  §  91.203(a)(1).  The  size,  weight  and 
 enclosed  operational  area  of our UAS's permits exemption from Part 21 because our UAS's 
 meet  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  pursuant to Section  333 of  the Reform Act. The  FAA  is 
 authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act 
 (49  U.S.C.  §  44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit 
 the  FAA  to exempt  UAS's  from  the  airworthiness certificate  requirement  in consideration  of 
 the  weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense 
 populations.  Our UAS's  meets or  exceed each of the  elements.  14  C.F.R.  91.7(a)  prohibits 
 the  operation of  an  aircraft  without  an  airworthiness  certificate.  As  no  such  certificate 
 will  be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this regulation is inapplicable. 14 
 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or 
 passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this regulation is inapplicable. An 
 equivalent  level  of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual.  The FAA has previously 
 issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 
 9299,  9299A,  9565,  9565B,  10167,  maintenance  program  that  involves  regular  software 
 updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of 
 safety will be achieved. 
  
 
 
 

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            8 
In   summary,   AREP   seeks   an   exemption   from   the   following Regulations: 
 
 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. § 
 91.7 (a) 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2) 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b) 14 C.F.R. § 91.109 14 C.F.R. § 
 91.119 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b) 14 
 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a) 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1) 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2) 14 C.F.R. § 
 91.409 (a  )  (2)  and, 14  C.F.R. §§  91.417  (a) & (b)  to commercially operate  AREP's, small 
 unmanned  vehicle/lightweight  unmanned  aircraft  vehicle  in  community  awareness and real 
 estate  operations,  and  to  develop  economic  platforms  for  real  estate  to  enhance  the 
 experience  of  those  seeking  to  relocate  to  the  metro  San  Antonio  area.  Currently,  area 
 awareness  and  real  estate  aerial  videography/photography  relies  primarily  on  the  use  of 
 larger aircraft running on combustible fuel, which poses a potential risk to the public. Granting 
 AREP's, request for exemption will reduce current risk  levels  and  thereby  enhance  safety. 
 Our  UAS  crafts  do  not  contain  potentially  explosive  fuel,  are  smaller,  lighter and more 
 maneuverable  than conventional  real  estate video and photographic  aircraft with  much less 
 flight  time.  Further,  we  operate  at  lower  altitudes  and  in  controlled  airspace  eliminating 
 potential  public  risk  flying  to  and  from  established  airfields.  AREP  has  been  informally 
 analyzing flight information  and  will  compile  safety  protocols  and  the  implementation  of 
 a  flight operations manual for real estate usage that exceeds currently accepted means and 
 methods  for  safe  flight.  Formal  collection  of  information  shared  with  the  FAA  will 
 enhance  the  FAA's  internal  efforts  to  establish  protocols  for  complying  with  the  FAA 
 Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012.  There  are  no  personnel  on  board  our  UAS's  and 
 therefore  the  likelihood  of  death  or  serious  bodily  injury  is  significantly  diminished.  Our 
 operation  of  the  UAS's,  weighing  less  than  5  pounds  and  travelling  at  lower  speeds 
 within limited  areas  will  provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current 
 FARs.  Accordingly  I,  Damon  Darnall,  President  of  AREP  respectfully  request that  the  FAA 
 grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in sharing information to benefit the 
 FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large. 
 
 Respectfully submitted, 

 

 Damon Darnall / AREP

 

Damon Darnall / AREP 

 

Aerial Real Estate Photography (AREP) 
17460 I35N Ste. 430  
Schertz, TX. 78154 
 
  
  

                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                            9 
