May 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11617
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0549

Mr. Clayton Barrows
Founder
Aerial Precision Survey
10662 West First Court
Star, ID 83669

Dear Mr. Barrows:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Aerial Precision Survey (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision photogrammetry and crop scouting.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics Inc. Aero-M and 3D Robotics X8+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Precision Survey is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Precision Survey is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics Inc.
         Aero-M and 3D Robotics X8+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                                                                                        . , ' - . .~
                                                                                                                                                                                                       ' .. i . '·

February 16, 2015

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Reg,Ilations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Refonn Act of2012 and the
requirements contained within 14 C.F.R. Pmi 11, Aerial Precision Survey requests an exemption
from Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) detailed below for the 3D Robotics Inc. (3DR) Aero-
M and X8+ unmanned aircraft system.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to support agriculture and land mm1agement. The 3DR Aero-M and X8+ systems
consists of a lightweight battery operated aircraft both weighing less than 7 pounds each, ground
based PC and handheld controller, and associated communications and imaging equipment. A
geo-referenced still camera is carried by the aircraft that allows it to conduct precision
photogrammetry and crop scouting at resolutions necessary for precision agriculture and land
management. The high-resolution data will provide farmers with detailed infonnation oftheir
crops allowing them to determine which m·eas may need more seeding, fertilizer, and water at a
faster rate than current conventional methods. Having the data at a faster rate will help fanners
maximize crop yields which will directly benefit the agricultural industry.

The unn1anned aircraft will be operated in the field with both a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a
ground-based Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with the FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14
"Operational Requirements for UAS" with the following additional operating restrictions:

     1. All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400ft AGL
    2. Operations will be operated over private prope1iy with the pennission of the land owner
    3. All required permits will be obtained from state and local governn1ent prior to operation
    4. The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas
    5. The aircraft will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport
    6. The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people
    7. The aircraft will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
    8. Operations will be limited to day and visual meteorological conditions

                                                             Page 1 of8
    9. Aircraft will remain within visual line of sight at no greater than Yz NM of the PIC at all
         times

     10. While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC
     11. PIC will file a NOTAM providing radial/DME, radius, and a date/time group for each

         operation

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in the FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section16
Personnel Qualifications. The PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system along with
completing an in-service on maintenance and safety procedures as part of their initial training.
We do not anticipate the need for a supplemental pilot, due to the simplicity ofthe system.

We submit that the combination of strict operation under the guidelines established in 8900.227
and the aircraft's light weight, historically demonstrated flight perfonnance, and a fully qualified
flight crew, the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater
level of safety of a manned aircraft performing the same mission.

The name and contact infonnation of the applicant are:

Aerial Precision Survey
Attn: Clayton Barrows
Ph: 208-353-4402
Email: clavton. barrmvs(~/i.aerial precisionsurvev.com

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

         14 CFR Part 21
         14 CFR 91.203
         14 CFR 45.23, 45.29
         14 CFR 91.9
         14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b), 61.133(a)
         14 CFR 91.109, 91.119
         14 CFR 91.121, 91.151
         14 CFR Subpart E (91.401-91.417)
         FAA Policy 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and Paragraph 16(e)(l)

We are prepared to modify or amend any pmi of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. We look forward to hearing from your office. Please contact us at any time.

                                                                  Sincerely,

                      ~~

                                                                  Clayton Banows
                                                                  Founder, Aerial Precision Survey

                                                            Page 2 ofS
Appendices:
    A. Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety
    B. Safety Guidelines
    C. Safety Log
    D. Maintenance Procedures X8+
    E. Maintenance Procedmes Aero-M
    F. Flight Log
    G. User Manual

                                                            Page 3 of8
                                                                                                                          Appendix A

             EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Aerial Precision Survey requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the 3D Robotics Inc. (3DR)
Aero-M and X8+

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness cetiificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for UAS, we request an experimental
certificate be issued for the 3DR Aero-M and X8+ under either or both of the following
prOVlSlOnS:

         21.191 Experimental certificates
         Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:
         (a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft

              equipment, new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating teclmiques, or new uses
              for aircraft.
         (b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations
              to show compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show
              compliance for issuance of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to
              substantiate major design changes, and flights to show compliance with the function
              and reliability requirements of the regulations.

Since the experimental cetiificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys,
sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental
certificate would permit for our commercial purpose as well.

The aircraft will not cany persons or propetiy, will not cany fuel, and will only fly under strict
operation requirements. Combined with the fact that the Aero-M weighs only 6.8 pounds and is
constructed primarily out of foam, and the X8+ weighs 5.6 pounds and is composed primarily of
aluminum and carbon fiber, we propose that the 3DR Aero-M and X8+ will be at least as safe, if
not safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same mission.

If an experimental airworthiness ce1iificate is not appropriate for this application, then we
request an exemption of 14 CFR Pmi 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airwmihiness
cetiificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
(b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew." At 6.8 m1d 5.6 pounds the 3DR Aero-M and X8+ are too
small to carry documentation, they do not have an entrance, and are not capable of carrying
passengers or a crew.

                                                           Page 4 of8
                                                                                                                           Appendix A

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.203, we propose that documents
deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be located with the crew at the ground
control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we
propose that the following information be pennanently affixed to the aircraft via placard:

                                         Manufacturer: 3D Robotics Inc.
                                              Model: Aero-M or X8+
                                                   Serial Number:

                                                    Registered to:
                                              Aerial Precision Survey

                                                10662 W First Court
                                                    Star, ID 83669

                                    If found please contact: (208) 353-4402

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station. The 6.8 and 5.6 pound 3DR Aero-M and X8+ do not have an entrance in which the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it
by the FAA.

We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL"
on the top of the aircraft, where the PIC, VO and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is
preparing for launch will be able to see the designation. We feel that the permanent placard
discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration infonnation should it
be found on the ground. We will also display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner
that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater.
Since the aircraft will operate within Yz NM of the ground station, the ba1111er should be visible to
anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to cany documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew.
To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.9, we propose that a current
approved Airplane Flight User Manual (appendix G) must be available to the flight crew at the
ground station anytime the aircraft in in or operating for flight.

                                                             Page 5 of8
                                                                                                                           Appendix A

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

Section 61.113(a) states that "no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in
command of an aircraft that is canying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may
that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft."

Section 61.113(b) states that "A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in
conm1and of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only
incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or
property for compensation or hire."

Section 61.133(a) states that "(1) General. A person who holds a co111111ercial pilot certificate
may act as pilot in command of an aircraft - (i) Canying persons or property for compensation
or hire, provided the person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable parts
of this chapter that apply to the operation; and (ii) For compensation or hire, provided the person
is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable parts of this chapter that apply to
the operation."

We request exemption from sections 61.113(a) and (b), and section 61.133(a) because our
proposed operations include commercial operations. Considering the size, weight and operating
characteristics of3DR Aero-M and X8+ in question, and considering that the operation ofthe
UAS is to be confined to an area over private prope1iy with controlled access, Aerial Precision
Survey requests an exemption from section 61.113(a) and (b) with the following conditions:

    1. The Pilot in Command (PIC) of the UAS must hold at least a private pilot airman
         certificate and a third-class ainnan medical certificate and:

    2. UAS operation will additionally require a Visual Observer (VO) and the VO must have
         acceptable vision such that they can maintain visual line of sight (VLOS) with the UAS
         at all times

Additionally, both the 3DR Aero-M and X8+ are equipped with an onboard autopilot for
autonomous flight, capable of being (and required by the operating manual to be) monitored by a
Ground Control Station (GCS) at all times. The onboard autopilot will also ensure flight
operation is kept within the controlled airspace, including prohibiting operation above a defined
maximum altitude.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests

The regulation provides that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." The 3DR Aero-M and X8+
ground control stations are based on a ground based PC and hand-held controller that offers a
trainer plug for a second set of"controls", both the student and instructor can, and will, operate
the controls simultaneously. With both student and instructor having "hands-on" the controls
during flight, we feel that this meets the intent of 91.1 09 and provides an equivalent level of
safety.

                                                            Page 6 of8
                                                                                                                         Appendix A

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, we cannot comply with this requirement.

To provide an equivalent level of safety we will only fly over private property with the
permission of the land owner. The land owner will be briefed of the expected route of flight and
the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. We maintain that due to the small size
of the 3DR Aero-M and X8+, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures is not
comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting the exemption.

The aircraft will not be operated over congested areas nor over any open air assembly of persons.
The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
without undue hazard to persons or prope1iy on the surface.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings

The regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 nautical miles ofthe aircraft. The aircraft will fly below 400 feet
AGL and will not need to maintain hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with
other aircraft. An appropriate altimeter measurement presented to the pilot should be above
ground level and should be based on the barometric pressure at the point oflaunch. To provide
an equivalent level of safety, the UAS's AGL altimeter will be set to zero on the ground prior to
every flight. Since neither aircraft will t1y more than 40 minutes, even rapid changes in
barometric pressure will have limited e±Iect on the safety of the t1ight.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes. We feel that the intention ofthis paragraph is to provide a reserve of
energy as a safety butler for go-arounds and other delays to landing.

The 3DR Aero-M and X8+ are battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a
single battery charge is 40 minutes for the Aero-M and 15 minutes for the X8+. Since the aircraft
will never fly more than Yz NM from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge at launch
will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. We request an
exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word "energy".

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401-91.417)- Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized tmder 43.7"

                                                             Page 7of8
                                                                                                                        Appendix A

after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform maintenance and
inspection of the aircrafts and "be authorized to approve the aircrafts for retum to service."
As provided in the attached Maintenance Procedures (appendices D & E), the PIC will ensure
that the aircraft is in an airwmihy condition prior to flight and conduct detailed inspections after
every 10 hours. Maintenance will perfonned and maintained by the PIC per the operating
manual, which contains instructions and procedures for inspecting, maintaining, and repairing
the UAS. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. We feel that due to
the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircrafts, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of
safety.
8900.227 Paragraph 16(c) (4) PIC Medical. And Paragraph 16(e) (1) Observer Medical.
This policy provides that both the PIC and VO must have a valid FAA second-class medical
cetiificate issued under part 67 in order to perform as a pilot or observer. The aircrafts weigh 6.8
and 5.6 pounds. Requiring the crew to meet the same medical requirements as a commercial pilot
canying passengers in a large aircraft is an mmecessary burden.
We propose that the minimum medical requirements be vision corrected to 20/20 and a valid,
state-issued driver's license. Due to the size and weight of the aircraft, the greatest hazard of our
proposed operation will be driving to the launch site. A licensed driver is medically qualified to
operate a much larger vehicle. The 20/20 vision requirement will ensure that the PIC and VO can
see and avoid air traffic. Given the unlikely event that both the PIC and VO become medically
incapacitated while the aircraft is in flight, the 3DR Aero-M and X8+ will recover autonomously
to the landing location designated prior to launch without crew intervention.

                                                            Page 8 of8
                        Appendix B

Safety Check Procedure

Safety check of aircraft performed prior to very flight.

Visual Inspection of Aircraft:

    · Check motor/engine and mounting attached to the airframe;
    · Study propellers I mounting hardware (tight) I rotor blades for chips and deformation;
    · Check the landing gear for damage and function
    · Look at complete airframe for any cracks or abnormalities
    · Wire connections tight and secure

         Procedure for Failed Visual Inspection of Aircraft

         PIC will log failure cause in detail and ground aircraft. Aircraft will not be put back into
         service until PIC has rectified problem per manufacturer guidelines and
         recommendations. If problem cannot be rectified, aircraft will be returned to
         manufacturer for direct replacement.

Pre-arm Safety Checks which will prevent the vehicle from arming if any of a fairly large
number of issues are discovered before take-off including missed calibration, configuration or
bad sensor data. These checks help prevent crashes and fly-aways. The pilot will notice a pre-
ann check failure because he/she will be unable to arm the copter and the LED will be flashing
yellow.

Procedure for Pre-Arm Check Fail

Recognizing which Pre-Arm Check has failed using the GCS

     1. Connect the Flight Controller to the ground station using a USB cable or Telemetry.
    2. Ensure the GCS is connected to the vehicle (i.e. on Mission Planner and push the

         "Connect" button on the upper right).
    3. Turn on your radio transmitter and attempt to arm the vehicle (regular procedure using

         throttle down, yaw right)
    4. The first cause of the Pre-Arm Check failure will be displayed in red on the HUD

         window

         Log Failure cause in detail and ground vehicle until PIC has rectified cause per
         manufacturer recommendation and guidelines. If cause cannot be rectified, aircraft will
         be returned to manufacturer for direct replacement.

                                                              Page 1 of 4
                                                                                                                                     Appendix B

Failure messages

RC failures (i.e. transmitter/receiver failures):

RC not calibrated : the radio calibration has not been performed. RC3 MIN and RC3 MAX
must have been changed from their default values (11 00 and 1900) and for channels 1 to 4, the
MIN must be less than 1300 and the MAX greater than 1700.

Barometer failures:

Baro not healthy : the barometer sensor is reporting that it is unhealthy which is nonnally a sign
of a hardware failure.

Alt disparity : the barometer altitude disagrees with the inertial navigation (i.e. Baro +
Accelerometer) altitude estimate by more than 2 meters. This message is normally shmt-lived
and can occur when the flight controller is first plugged in or if it receives a hard jolt (i.e.
dropped suddenly). If it does not clear the accelerometers may need to be calibrated or there
may be a barometer hardware issue.

Compass failures:

Compass not healthy : the compass sensor is reporting that it is unhealthy which is a sign of a
hardware failure.

Compass not calibrated: the compass(es) has not been calibrated. the COMPASS_OFS_X, Y,
Z parameters are zero or the number or type of compasses connected has been changed since the
last compass calibration was performed.

Compass offsets too high :the primary compass's offsets length (i.e. sqt1(x"2+y"'2+z"2)) are
larger than 500. This can be caused by metal objects being placed too close to the compass. If
only an internal compass is being used (not recommended), it may simply be the metal in the
board that is causing the large offsets and this may not actually be a problem in which case you
may wish to disable the compass check.

Check mag field: the sensed magnetic field in the area is 35% higher or lower than the
expected value. The expected length is 530 so it's> 874 or< 185. Magnetic field strength
varies around the world but these wide limits mean it's more likely the compass calibration has
not calculated good offsets and should be repeated.

Compasses inconsistent : the internal and external compasses are pointing in different directions
(off by >45 degrees). This is normally caused by the external compasses orientation (i.e.
COMPASS_ORIENT parameter) being set incorrectly.

                                                                    Page 2 of 4
                                                                                                                                    Appendix B

GPS related failures:
GPS Glitch : the GPS is glitching and the vehicle is in a flight mode that requires GPS (i.e.
Loiter, PosHold, etc) and/or the circular fence is enabled.
Need 3D Fix: the GPS does not have a 3D fix and the vehicle is in a flight mode that requires
the GPS and/or the circular fence is enabled.
Bad Velocity: the vehicle's velocity (according to inertial navigation system) is above
50cm/s. Issues that could lead to this include the vehicle actually moving or being dropped, bad
accelerometer calibration, GPS updating at below the expected 5hz.
High GPS HDOP: the GPS's HDOP value (a measure of the position accuracy) is above 2.0
and the vehicle is in a flight mode that requires GPS and/or the circular fence is enabled. This
may be resolved by simply waiting a few minutes, moving to a location with a better view ofthe
sky or checking sources of GPS interference (i.e. FPV equipment) are moved further from the
GPS. Alternatively the check can be relaxed by increasing the GPS_HDOP_GOOD parameter to
2.2 or 2.5. Worst case the pilot may disable the fence and take-off in a mode that does not
require the GPS (i.e. Stabilize, AltHold) and switch into Loiter after arming but this is not
recommended.
Note: the GPS HDOP can be readily viewed through the Mission Planner's Quick tab as shown
below.

INS checks (i.e. Acclerometer and Gyro checks):
INS not calibrated : some or all of the accelerometer's offsets are zero. The accelerometers
need to be calibrated.
Accels not healthy : one of the accelerometers is reporting it is not healthy which could be a
hardware issue. This can also occur immediately after a firmware update before the board has
been restarted.
Accels inconsistent : the accelerometers are reporting accelerations which are different by at
least lm/s/s. The accelerometers need to be re-calibrated or there is a hardware issue.

                                                                    Page 3 of 4
                                                                                                                        Appendix B

Gyros not healthy : one of the gyroscopes is reporting it is unhealthy which is likely a hardware
issue. This can also occur ilmnediately after a firmware update before the board has been
restarted.

Gyro cal failed : the gyro calibration failed to capture offsets. This is most often caused by the
vehicle being moved during the gyro calibration (when red and blue lights are flashing) in which
case unplugging the battery and plugging it in again while being careful not to jostle the vehicle
will likely resolve the issue. Sensors hardware failures (i.e. spikes) can also cause this failure.

Gyros inconsistent : two gyroscopes are reporting vehicle rotation rates that differ by more than
20deg/sec. This is likely a hardware failure or caused by a bad gyro calibration.

Board Voltage checks:

Check Board Voltage: the board's internal voltage is below 4.3 Volts or above 5.8 Volts.
If powered through a USB cable (i.e. while on the bench) this can be caused by the desktop
computer being unable to provide sufficient current to the flight controller- try replacing the
USB cable.

If powered from a battery this is a serious problem and the power system (i.e. Power Module,
battery, etc) should be carefully checked before flying.

Parameter checks:

Ch7&Ch8 Opt cannot be same: Ch7 and Ch8 auxiliary switches are set to the same option
which is not permitted because it could lead to conu1sion.

Check FS_THR_VALUE :the radio failsafe pwm value has been set too close to the throttle
channels (i.e. ch3) minimum.
Check ANGLE_MAX: the ANGLE_MAX parameter which controls the vehicle's maximum
lean angle has been set below 10 degrees (i.e. 1000) or above 80 degrees (i.e. 8000).

ACRO_BAL_ROLL/PITCH : the ACRO_BAL_ROLL parameter is higher than the Stabilize
Roll P and/or ACRO_BAL_PITCH parameter is higher than the Stabilize Pitch P value. This
could lead to the pilot being unable to control the lean angle in ACRO mode because the Aero
Trainer stabilization would overpower the pilot's input.

                                                                     Page 4 of 4
                                                                                               Appendix C

Verify transmitter battery charged to 12.0 - 12.6 v

. Verify main battery charged to 16.5-16.8v

                                   --

Check all surfaces for signs of damage, abnormalities,
and overall condition; Inspect each boom to ensure they

ar~_i.11_gg_Q_d_ str_u~_turalcond!_!!_Q!!_3J!ci prQP~rly_~~£_ured_~

Check motor and mounting attached to the airframe

                               - - - - - - - - -.~        -~----·--··---     -
                               ·-~-~~------~-~--

Study propellers I mounting hardware (tight) I rotor

blades for chi.Q~ :.md deformation ···-· _

Check the landing gear for damage and function

Test electrical connections, plugged in and secure

                                        - - - - -----·- ----------- -- - -·

i Ensure photo I video equipment mounting system is

secure and op_~~~a_tion,.a_,::l_·------~-

Check location of GPS equipment controlling the

aut~_p!If:Jt

1 Check the IMU movements in the ground control

; softwa-r-e --                                    -~

1 UAVI Drone is in a level location safe for takeoff

, -__ ------  --

· AU transmitter controls move freely in all directions

              -                            - ----      -

All transmitter trims in neutral position

··-- -            -

. AU transmitter switches in correct position

       ·-.

Transmitter throttle to zero

Radio transmitter on

                                  . -------

Connect I power on battery to airframe

! Ensure led indicators and audible tones are correct

Timer on (if applicable)

i Scan for nearby cars I people I animals

 Say "CLEAR!"

                           -·

, Arm flight controller

Increase throttle slightly listening for any abnormalities

 Short 20-30 second hover at 3-5 feet (listen for vibrations
· I loose items)

· If any fails marked, PIC will perform and log maintenance in separate maintenance log sheet
· If any fails marked aircraft will be grounded until cleared by PIC
XS-M

Operati Manu l

Thank you for purchasing an X8-M! This manual contains important information about your aerial
mapping platform. Please read these instructions before your first flight.

1 Plan     1
2 Fly      19
3 Process  30
Appendix   34
Parts                 2  Mission Planning        8
                         Operating Parameters    8
Flight Battery        3  Load Maps               9
Charging              3  Draw Polygon            10
Safety                3  Configure Survey        II
Powering the X8       4  Save and Write Mission  18

Camera Setup          5
3DR EAI               5
Charging              5
Starting a Mission    5
Mounting              6

Ground Station Setup  7
Download Software     7
Connect to Radio      7
Parts

                                                                   -  ground station radio

                                                                      micro-USB cable

       xs                                                          II charger and
                                                                                   accessories

~      batteries (2)                                               ~  Android adapter cable

                                                                                 battery guard bag

                                                                   I Pixhawk micro-SO
                                                                                card adapter

                                         RC controller and            propeller wrench
                                                accessories
                                                                      SF propellers
~1!~
                                                                      SFP propellers
 ,...".''"'.·-.·."'>'.1'.
                  registration card and                               spare UV filter
                  Pix4D license key
                                                                      spare mounting nut
FPV/OSD System
If you selected to receive a FPV/OSD system, those components
will be included with the XS's accessories. See page 27 for parts
and instructions.

                                                                                                    2
Fli~ht Battery

The X8 is powered by a rechargeable lithium polymer (LiPo) battery.
Charge the battery before your first flight.

Connect the charger to the power adapter cable     2                                                                       Safety
and a wall outlet. Connect the red cable to the +  Set the charger to LiPo and 3A.
port and the black cable to the - port.                                                                                            Flying with a low battery is a safety risk and can render the
                                                                                                                                   battery permanently unusable. Always fly with a fully charged
                                 0                                   0000                                                          battery.

                                -~                                   1S 2S 35 45                                                   Charge the battery using a designated LiPo balance charger
                                                                                                                                   only. Always monitor the battery while charging. Protect the
                                 0                                                                                                 battery from extreme heat, extreme cold, puncturing, and
                                                                                                                                   flammable surfaces. Always transport, charge, and store the
Charger with power cable and                                         LiPa                 3A                                       battery in the guard bag.
split-wire charging cable
                                                                     Charger settings                                              Inspect the battery for damage before and after flying. If you
                                                                                                                                   observe any swelling of the package or the battery ceases
3                                                  4                                                                              to function, do not use the battery; locate your local battery
Connect the white connector to the 4S port, and    Secure the battery inside the guard bag,                                        recycling center, and dispose of the battery. In the US and
join the two yellow connectors together.           and charge until the status indicator                                          Canada, visit call2recycle.org to find a location. Do not
                                                   displays green.                                                                 dispose of the battery in the trash.

                                ~!!!!!!!--                                                    +--·.Charging
                                                                                                                 Complete
                                        4S

Flight battery charging wiring                                       Charging in process

                                                                                                                                                                                                   3
              theX8                          2                                             It is important to establish communication
                                             Attach the battery to the underside of the    before powering on the XS. Always turn
Turn on the controller. To avoid triggering  copter using the velcro straps, and join the  on the controller before connecting the
the controller's startup alarm, ensure that  yellow connectors.                            battery. When powering off the XS,
all switches are set back (away from you)                                                  disconnect the battery before turning off
and the throttle stick is set fully down.                                                  the controller.

     Switches

Throttle stick

                              RC controller

                                                                                                                                       4
Camera Setup

The XB includes a Canon PowerShot 8100 running the 3DR EAI script.

3DR (Exposure- erture-ISO)                                                              Charge the camera battery before your first flight. Once
                                                                                        fully charged, insert the battery into the camera.
3DR EAI runs on the Canon Hacker Development Kit (CHDK), a powerful open-
source tool that expands the functionality of Canon point-and-shoot cameras. 3DR                  +--- status indicator
EAI optimizes image exposure and integrates with the Pixhawk autopilot to enable
distance-based imaging.                                                                 Canon battery charger

This software is designed to load off the camera's SD card, leaving the original Canon              a Mission
programming intact. The yellow switch on the side of the SD card allows you to lock
or unlock the card. Lock the SD card to run 3DR EAI; unlock the SD card to save         To prepare the camera to fly a mapping mission, ensure that the mode
images to your ground station or to boot the camera with its original programming.      dial is set to P(program) mode. Power on the camera using the silver
                                                                                        button on the top. 3DR EAI will start automatically, and you will see the
For more information about 3DR EAI, see page 36.                                        script messages on the camera display. Check to see that the last line
                                                                                        of the script reads waiting on USB signal. The camera is now ready to map!
1                                                  i
                                                                                                                                                                                              power button
    SO card locked                                     SO card unlocked                                                                                                                             mode dial
    Load 3DR EAI                                       Load default Canon software

   » Fly a mapping mission                            » View images on camera
                                                      » Save images to ground station
       .~                                            » Update script
        DElU1lJtm:nSXZ68-lebrs.,:.1
        B.r;o;>d!hl'.lP3.1                             Camera running Canon software

          ~tb!-i!hittet'Mlallllpcm:e

      aoc t,s !J,-:563 Sia&hs 18111 1\11) ts 2814

          liJde.~.eooti~U~~SJF:B.Sc!rwjf"B
          Tv.Uts MX!1132911 ...tn;1/64J ~ 8 8 ·

          _llit;4.11·11ii11.35~·811,

         lSliirlfJJmll:GISC2:Wlll

 ..~~l'£-.dlo.3 Vl:ll!o'8U5B:2

        <M,11<rt!2S'llS8lll!)BflJl.t
          nlt.~oot!S!I:sl~1

    Camera running 3DR EAI

A Power off the camera before removing the SD card.

                                                                                        Camera ready to map: waiffng on USB signal

                                                                                                                                                                                                               5
Mountin~                                                                                                        The camera mount includes a cap to protect the UV filter during travel. Before you
                                                                                                                fly, remove the cap, and check that the filter contains no dirt particles or scratches
When the camera is ready to start the mission, open the latch, and insert the                                   that could affect image quality. If you notice any damage to the filter that could affect
camera into the mount. Close the latch, and rotate the mount so the camera                                      image quality, screw off the filter and replace with the extra filter provided with the XS.
faces down. Connect the mini-USB cable to the camera.
                                                                                                                nl v ~--                                                               UV filter
                                                                                                mounting plate                             Camera enclosure with cap removed
                                                                                                latch              ,l
                                                                                                mini-USB cable
                                                                                                                  ·'

                                                                                                                    I

                                                                                                                Camera enclosure with cap

               Connect mini-USB cable
               here.

Camera (side)

                                                                                                                                                                                                             6
Ground Station Setup                                                              To connect the X8 to Mission Planner, connect the ground station radio to
                                                                                  the laptop, and power the X8.
Mission Planner allows you to turn a Windows laptop into a full-featured
ground station for configuring and monitoring autonomous missions. You will       Connect the ground station radio to your           2
need to take this laptop into the field when you fly the mission. As part of the  laptop using the micro-USB cable. Open             Select 57600 and AUTO, then select CONNECT.
mission procedure, you will use the Pix4D Rapid Check to verify the quality of    Mission Planner.                                   (When connecting directly to Pixhawk's
the image set before leaving the field.
                                                                                                                                     micro-USB port, set the rate to 115200.)
Download
                                                                                                                                     Mission Planner Connecttooi (top-right corner))
I I Mission Planner
                                                                                   Ground station laptop with radio connected
Mission Planner is a full-featured ground station application for planning
missions and monitoring the X8 in flight. Download Mission Planner                3
from 3DR.comldownload_software.                                                   Select Flight Data to view live data from the X8.
If you already have Mission Planner installed, make sure you're running
the most recent version: Select the Help tab and Check for Updates.                                                                  Mission Planner Right Data tab: connected to aircraft

Mission Planner: Help tab

                     Pix4Dmapper LT 3DR Edition

Your license key for Pix4Dmapper can be found on the registration card
inside the documents package.
Visit mapper.pix4d.com/license-redeem to create an account and redeem
your license key; then visit pix4d.com/downloadto download Pix4Dmapper
Discovery. Pix4D will automatically upgrade from the Discovery edition to
the LT 3DR Edition (or Pro Edition if you selected to upgrade) when you
log in to the program with your Pix4D account information.

                                                                                                                                                                                            7
Mission Plannin~                                            Operating Parameters

Operatin~ Parameters

The X8 is a complete solution for creating high-resolution
visual-spectrum aerial maps.

           Canon 8100

Pixhawk    ---+~ [ 3DR EAI]  Pix4Dmapper                     Camera Orientation             Landscape (top facing forward)
autopilot                    LT 3DR Edition                  Operating Altitude             50-120m
 system                                                      Default Altitude               60m
                                                            . Low~Wind Conditions           0-6 m/s
To create a map, the X8 flies an autonomous mission over     High-Wind Conditions           7-10 m/s
the survey site, using the integration between the Pixhawk   Maximum Wind Conditions        10. m/s
autopilot and custom-programmed camera to capture            Operating Speed                1-17 m/s
images at a consistent distance interval. Pix4Dmapper        Default Speed                  5 m/s
then stitches these images together into a georeferenced,    Estimated Maximum Flight Time  14min
orthorectified mosaic.                                       Estimated Ground Resolution    2 em/pixel
                                                             Estimated Maximum Survey Area
The accuracy of the map depends on the configuration of      Minimum Photo Interval         .1 km 2
the mission. Planning a mission that captures high-quality
images requires balancing the X8's operating parameters                                     2 seconds
with the environmental factors at the survey site.

                                                                                                                            8
Load Maps

Mission Planner allows you to plan the mission away from the mapping location;
however, it is important to assess the environmental conditions on site at the time
of the mission and adjust the flight plan if necessary. Alternatively, you can plan
the entire mission at the mapping location. To create or alter the mission, Mission
Planner requires an Internet connection to access the maps. If you're unable to
access the Internet on site, follow the instructions below to pre-fetch the maps
within Mission Planner while you have Internet access.

Open Mission Planner, select Flight Plan, and                                                       2
zoom to your flying location.                                                                       Right-click on the map, select Map Tool and
                                                                                                    Prefetch, and accept the default prompts.
                                                                                                    Mission Planner will download the maps
                                                                                                    for the selected location to your computer.

                             Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: zoom to mapping location              Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: Select Prefetch

3
Mission Planner will attempt to load the map data from the current level of zoom down to the
closest level of zoom available. However, it can take hours to pre-fetch every level of zoom,
and it is unlikely that the closer levels will be useful in planning the mission. To shortcut this
process, check the slider on the right side of the map. The levels of zoom are represented by
this slider from 0 (bottom) to 25 (top). Press the ESC key to skip levels of zoom at a greater
detail than you need for mission planning.

                                                                                                                                                      9
           Poly~on

To begin planning the mapping mission, select the area you want to map using
the Polygon tool. You'll be able to adjust the size and shape of the polygon later in
the mission configuration process.

Select Flight Plan, and zoom to your                          2                                                                       3
mapping location.                                             Right click on the map. Select Draw Polygon and                         Right click on the polygon. Select Auto WP and
                                                              Add Polygon Point. Click and drag to add points                         Survey (Grid) to open the Survey Tool.
 FLIGHT PlAN                                                  around the area you want to map.

 mr .:-:.---~

   Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: zoom to mapping location

                                                                                       Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: draw polygon  Mission Planner Right Plan tab: open Survey tool

A  Units

   The Survey Tool uses metric units. If your Mission Planner is
   set to imperial units, please change the settings to use metric
   to plan the mission. Support for imperial units in Mission
   Planner is coming soon; check 3DR.com/XB-Mfor updates.

                                                                                                                                                                                        10
The Survey tool allows you to configure a mapping mission according to the X8's
operating parameters and the current environmental conditions at the mapping
location. First, set the default values for the X8.

                                                                                 Set Camera
                                                                                 Canon S1 OO-S120

                                                                                 Set Camera Orientation
                                                                                 Check the option for Camera top
                                                                                 facing forward.

                                                                                 Set Default Speed
                                                                                 5 m/s

                                                                                 Apply Survey Speed
                                                                                 Check the option for Use speed for this mission.
                                                                                 If unchecked, the mission will use the XB's
                                                                                 default speed of 5 m/s regardless of the speed
                                                                                 selected in the Survey Tool.

Mission Planner Survey tool

                                                                                                                                   11
 Next configure the angle of the flight path for the current wind conditions.  Set Angle

Mission Planner Survey tool                                                    Wind Direction
                                                                               In environments with winds of less than 6 m/s, set the angle so
Mission Planner Tip: Adjust Polygon                                            that the X8 flies into the wind. In winds from 7-1 0 m/s, configure
Click and drag the red polygon points to adjust the size                       the flight path to travel perpendicular to the wind so the X8 flies
and shape of the polygon from the Survey Tool.                                 cross-wind.

                                                                               No. of Strips
                                                                               Adjust the angle so that the X8 makes as few turns as possible to
                                                                               complete its course. The No. of Strips parameter shows how many
                                                                               passes the X8 will make as you adjust the angle.

                                                                               Review Wind Conditions On-Site
                                                                               Always assess the wind conditions at your survey site at the time
                                                                               of the mission and adjust the mission accordingly.

                                                                                                                         Angle in low winds (1-6 m/s)

                                                                               Angle in high winds (7-10 m/s)

                                                                               Use caution when flying in winds over 1Om/s. Mapping results
                                                                               may degrade as a result of inability to make headway or maintain
                                                                               appropriate groundspeed.

                                                                                                                                                       12
The survey altitude determines the duration of the mission and the ground
resolution of the final map. Adjust altitude to balance flight time and power
consumption with the current environmental conditions.

                                                                                  Set Altitude
                                                                                  Recommended altitude: 60 m
                                                                                  Operating altitude: 50-1 00 m

                                                                                  Increasing altitude decreases flight time, allowing you to
                                                                                  cover more area per minute. Decreasing altitude improves
                                                                                  ground resolution. Set the altitude to get the best ground
                                                                                  resolution while keeping the flight time under 14 min and
                                                                                  the altitude under 120 m.

Mission Planner Survey tool                                                       Keep altitude below 120 m, and ensure that the altitude is
                                                                                  appropriate for your flying area and local regulations.

                             Check Ground Resolution                              Check Flight Time
                             Ground Resolution is the centimeters per pixel that  Flight Time estimates the duration of the mission. The total
                             you will have in the map and corresponds to the      estimated flight time must be under 14 min f~:>r a fully
                             amount of detail that you will see.                  charged X8 battery. To decrease flight time, increase
                                                                                  altitude or speed.
                             To improve ground resolution by decreasing the
                             number of centimeters per pixel, decrease altitude.  High winds, humidity, high altitude, and extreme heat can
                                                                                  affect power consumption and reduce flight time. Consider
                                                                                  the environmental factors at your site when configuring
                                                                                  flight time.

                                                                                  In this example, we increased speed to 8 m/s to keep
                                                                                  flight time below 14 min while allowing for moderate wind
                                                                                  conditions. When increasing speed, keep in mind that the
                                                                                  increased power required to travel faster will impact flight
                                                                                  time.

                                                                                                                                                13
With the basic parameters in place, verify that the photo interval calculated from
the altitude and speed complies with the operating parameters for the camera.

Mission Planner Survey tool                                                         Check Photo Interval
                                                                                    Photo Every must be longer than 2 seconds for the S100
                                                                                    camera.

                                                                                    Altitude
                                                                                    Increasing altitude increases photo interval.

                                                                                    Keep altitude below 120 m, and ensure that the altitude is
                                                                                    appropriate for your flying area and local regulations.

                                                                                    Speed
                                                                                    Decreasing speed increases photo interval.

                                                                                    Ensure that the Use speed for this mission option is checked.

                                                                                                                                                   14
Now select a takeoff and landing pattern, either manual or automatic.  Takeoff and Land WP's
Mission Planner Survey tool                                            For automatic takeoff and landing (recommended)
                                                                       Check the Add Takeoff and Land WP's option.
                                                                       Check the Use RTL option.
                                                                       After initiating the mission, the X8 will automatically take off, climb to
                                                                       the survey altitude, and begin the mission. At the end of the mission,
                                                                       the X8 will automatically return to the launch point and land.

                                                                       For manual takeoff and automatic landing
                                                                       Uncheck the Add Takeoff and Land WP's option.
                                                                       Check the Use RTL option.
                                                                       Take off manually, and initiate the mission in flight. To end the
                                                                       mission, the X8 will land automatically at the launch point.

                                                                                                                                                                           15
Mission Planner: Survey Tool

Survey Tool: Grid Options (Advanced)               Check Advanced Options
                                                   to view the Survey Tool's advanced configuration options.

                                      f Select Grid Options

                                                   Adjust StartFrom
                                                   During the mission, you will maintain contact with the X8 through
                                                   the RC controller and ground station signals. If these signals are
                                                   lost during flight, the X8 will respond with the assigned failsafe
                                                   behaviors. See page 29. If your mission is likely to experience a
                                                   loss of signal, it is best practice to start from the corner of the
                                                   mission farthest from the launch point.

                                                   Adjust Overlap and Sidelap
                                                   Overlap and sidelap are set to 50% and 60%, respectively,
                                                   by default. See page 35 for an in-depth discussion of these
                                                   parameters.

     ~ Camera Config

__.J The options under the Camera Config tab

             allow you to configure a camera other than

             the S1 00 and won't be used for operating
             the X8.

                                                                                                                        16
Before accepting the survey, check that the mission complies with the XS's operating parameters. Once you
accept the survey, you will not be able to edit it directly by re-opening the Survey Tool. If you need to adjust the
survey, clear the mission (right click, select Clear Mission), and repeat the survey configuration process.

                                                                                                                                   Operating Parameters

                                                                                                                                   Camera
                                                                                                                                   Canon S100-S120

                                                                                                                                   Altitude
                                                                                                                                   50-100m

                                                                                                                                   Camera top facing forward
                                                                                                                                   checked

                                                                                                                                   Flying speed
                                                                                                                                   1-17 m/s

                                                                                                                                   Use speed for this mission
                                                                                                                                   checked (optional if speed set to default speed of 5 m/s)

                                                                                                                                   Photo Every
                                                                                                                                   greater than 2 s

                                                                                                                                   Flight time
                                                                                                                                   under 14 min depending on environmental conditions

                                                                                                                                  Accept
                                                                                                                          Select Accept to save the mission.

                                                                                                                                  If Mission Planner prompts you for a home altitude, enter the
                                                                                                                                  altitude that you specified in the Survey Tool.

                                                                                                                                                Do not accept the mission if any of the parameters
                                                                                                                                                exceed the XS's operating limits.

                                                                                                                                                                                                    17
Save a  Mission

On the Flight Plan screen, save the waypoint file to your computer and write the mission to the X8.

                 Select Save WP File
                 to save the mission file to your computer. To
                 repeat this mapping mission, load the saved
                 WP file from your computer.

                 Select Write WPs
                 to save the mission to the X8.

                                                                                                     18
Safety                    20

Aircraft Operation        21
Components
Assembly                  21
Controls                  22
Modes                     23
Preflight Checks          24
LED Indicators and Tones  25
GPS Lock                  25
Arming and Disarming      25
FPV System Operation      26
                          27
Flying Mapping Missions
Takeoff Checklist         28
Initiating
Monitoring                28
Failsafes                 28
                          28
                          29

                              19
Safety                                                                                   Propeller

To ensure safe and successful flying, familiarize yourself with the safety information   ····       Spinning propellers can cause serious injury. The
on this page. Always fly in accordance with your location regulations and these                     safety button indicates the status of the motors to
best operating practices.                                                                           help you prevent hazardous contact with the X8's
                                                                                                    high-speed propellers.
Before you fly, determine the boundaries of your safe flying area. If the X8 moves
outside the designated area or exhibits instability in flight, switch to altitude hold              · When the X8 is powered on, the safety
mode and land the copter manually.                                                                        button will blink red, indicating that the
                                                                                                          motors are inactive and the propellers are
The X8 will not avoid obstacles on its own, including during missions. As the                             safe to handle.
operator, it's your job to recognize and avoid obstructions while flying. Always be
ready to regain manual control of the copter in the event of an unsafe situation.                   · When you're ready to fly, press and hold the
                                                                                                         safety button until it shows solid red. This
Location                                                                                                  indicates that the motors are active and the
                                                                                                          propellers can spin if armed. To make the
    *..····                                                                                               propellers safe to handle again, press and
                                                                                                          hold the safety button until it blinks red.
   ·...······ visual line
             of sight      0       Always fly below 400ft (120 m) and within your        A          You can find more safety tips throughout these
                                   visual line of sight. Don't let the X8 get too far               instructions where you see this yellow box.
 '                         400ft   away from you; make sure you can always see
                           (120m)  its orientation. Don't fly in low light, heavy wind,
                                   rain, or other conditions that might impede
5 miles {8 km)                     visibility.

                                   Always fly at least 5 miles (8 km) away from
                                   airports and other areas where pilots operate
                                   manned aircraft.

 0                                 Always fly at least 100 feet (30 m) away from
                                   people, vehicles, and buildings. Make the
100ft(30m)                         safety of people and property your first priority!

                                                                                                                                                         20
Aircraft Operation        rear arms
                          Pixhawk autopilot
camera integration        front arms
                   cable  camera mount

                          safety button
                          status LED

                                             21
The X8 arrives in travel configuration. Complete these steps to prepare the copter for flight.

Arms
Remove the bolt and nut outside each arm. Rotate the arm into position, insert the
bolt through the plates and the arm, and secure the arm in place with the nut.

                      ·

travel position                                                                     flight position

Propellers                                                                          Place the washer over the propeller, and secure the
Remove the nuts and washers from the motors. Add SFP propellers and SF              nut tightly on top using the propeller wrench.
propellers as marked below with the writing on the propellers facing towards
the sky. This will be a tight fit; apply pressure and twist the propeller onto the     ~-0
shaft.

    Top motor: SFPt      'Top motor: SF

·Bottom motor: SF ,    · 'Bottom motor: SFP

  SlTop motor:        aTop motor: SFP

Bottom motor: SFP' e  e 'Bottom motor: SF

A Ensure writing on all propellers faces the sky.

                                                                                                                                         22
Controls                                                                                                 yaw left                                               Rotate
                                                                                                                                                                counterclockwise.
Fly the X8 manually using the RC controller.                                                             yaw right
                                                                                                                                                                Rotate
                                                                                                          if~                                                   clockwise.

                                                                                                           fl~                                                  Fly to the left.

                                                                                                         '''*-':-·

                                                                                                         roll left

Throttle:            Move the left stick forward and backward to control altitude and                    roll right
Yaw:                 acceleration.
Pitch:               Move the left stick horizontally to rotate and control orientation.                  ,~-''"'\,                                             Fly to the right.
Roll:                Navigate by orienting the X8 with the blue arms facing forward.
                     Move the right stick vertically to fly forward and backward.                        {\,,,,~_,j\;  jj_li;["S't:':":'D'' -
throttle up          Move the right stick horizontally to fly to the left and to the right.
                                                                                                                       \.,."'-cr""'.
                                                                                     Increase speed and
                                                                                     altitude.           roll and pitch center                 --~'-, .-        Automatically level.
                                                                                                                                                                Fly forward.
                                                                                                                                               -·, .  --., ,-~

                                                                                                                                               ··········

throttle down        ..-~- -.--.·,.-                    Decrease speed and                               pitch up
throttle fully down                                     altitude.                                        pitch down

                     -,··                          ~..  Land.                                                                                                   Fly backward.

                                              ···                                                                                                                                        23
Auto - fly a mission                                                                       To select a flight mode:
Fly an autonomous mission. This is the mode that the X8 will use to create the map.
                                                                                           First, set the GEAR/MIX switch to select a set of modes. Then use the
Altitude hold - assisted manual control                                                    FLAP/GYRO switch to 0, 1, or 2 to select a specific mode.
Altitude hold mode provides manual control of roll, pitch, and yaw, while allowing the
autopilot to maintain the current altitude automatically. Set the left stick to center,    With GEAR/MIX set to GEAR,
and the copter will automatically maintain the current altitude. Raise the throttle stick
above center to increase altitude (and to take off), and lower the throttle stick below    set FLAP/GYRO to:         0 for Stabilize
center to decrease altitude. Adjust altitude and orientation with the left stick, and                                1 for Loiter
navigate with the right stick.                                                                                       2 for Auto

Loiter - hover                                                                             With GEAR/MIX set to MIX,
With automatic autopilot control of altitude, position, and orientation, loiter is the
easiest way to fly. Just release the sticks and the copter will hover in place.            set FLAP/GYRO to:         0 for Stabilize
                                                                                                                     1 for Altitude hold
Return to launch (RTL) - recall and land                                                                             2 for RTL
Activate RTL during the mission to end your flight automatically. RTL commands
the X8 to achieve a minimum altitude of 15 meters, return to the launch point, hover                                   GEAR/MIX selects the set of modes.
for five seconds, and land. Use the right stick to adjust the position of the X8 during
landing. After landing, tile X8 will automatically disarm after a few seconds.                                         FLAP/GYRO selects the specific mode,
                                                                                                                       either 0, 1, or 2.
Stabilize - full manual control
Stabilize allows full manual control of altitude, position, and orientation without
autopilot assistance.

                                                                                           RC controller (top)

                                                                                                                                                                  24
Visual Check                                                                  Test Flight
Before flying, examine the X8 to verify the following:                        Before flying the mission, fly a brief test flight to verify that the X8:
)) All propellers are tightly attached in the correct order with the writing  )) Responds to controls correctly in stabilize mode.
                                                                              » Holds position in loiter mode.
           on each propeller facing the sky.                                  » Correctly executes a return-to-launch command.
)) All propellers can spin without obstruction.
» The antenna is oriented vertically.

LED lnd   Initializing, please wait                                                Lock
          Acquiring GPS, please wait
·o·e·o·e  Autopilot ready, GPS locked                                         Auto, RTL, and loiter modes requires GPS lock. When powered,
          Armed                                                               the autopilot will automatically search for GPS lock. If you plan to
oeoe      Loss of RC signal, automatic landing                                use auto, RTL, or loiter modes during your flight, ensure that the
          Low battery, automatic landing                                      autopilot acquires GPS lock before takeoff, indicated by a blinking
····      Loss of GPS signal, automatic landing                               green status LED.
          System error, see troubleshooting guide

Visit 3DR.com/X8-M to listen to Pixhawk's status tones.

                                                                                                                                                         25
Armin~ and D                                                                                                          The arming and disarming procedures ensure that you
                                                                                                                       can safety start and stop motors without risk of injury.
Arming and disarming are important steps that must be completed before takeoff and after                              The X8's motors will spin when armed! Make sure the
landing. There are two steps to arming the X8: the safety button and the throttle stick.                               propellers are clear of any obstructions, including your
                                                                                                                       hands, before arming.
Before arming, check the status LED. Before you fly, wait for the autopilot to acquire GPS                             Do not handle the propellers or pick up the copter while
lock. The LED will flash blue while the X8 acquires GPS; this can take a few minutes. Once                            the safety button is
you see the flashing green LED, the autopilot has acquired GPS lock.                                                   active (solid red) .

                                        ··ee     Initializing, please wait.                                     Disarming
                                        0e0e     Autopilot ready, no GPS                                        1
                                                 Autopilot ready, GPS locked                                    To disarm the motors, hold the left stick
                                        0 e0 e                                                                  down/left until the motors stop.

                                                 Pre-arm check failure, see page 39.                            2
                                                                                                                Press and hold the safety button until it blinks red.
Arming                                           2
1                                                Press and hold the safety button until it displays solid red.  The motors are now inactive, and the X8 is safe to
When you're ready to fly, place the copter at    This indicates that the X8 is now active. Stand back!          handle.
a clear launch point, with the blue arms facing
away from you.                                   e e0 O Motors inactive, safe to handle
                                                 e e e · Motors active, deactivate before handling
~L--.- · · - -

·--     1-

3
To arm the motors, hold the left stick
down/right until the motors spin.

                                                                                                                                                                                 26
      System Operation

If you selected to receive an optional FPV/OSD system, the components are pre-installed
into the XB to transmit on-board video.

Parts                                                                                        2 Wire and power receiver
                                                                                             Attach an antenna to the receiver. Connect the AV output cable to either receiver AV OUT
                                         Transmitter                                         port. Connect the RC power cable to the receiver DC IN port, and attach a battery to the red
                                                                                             connector.
             AV receiver
             Antenna                                                                         3 Remove lens cap
             Receiver cables                                                                 The video transmitter is powered by the main flight battery and will automatically
             Batteries (1 plus 1 spare)                                                      turn on when the XB is powered. To turn off the transmitter, disconnect the red
                                                                                             JST connector. Remove the lens cap from the camera before takeoff.
1 Charge battery
                                                                                                                               ~ Remove lens cap!
Charge both batteries before your first flight. Set the charger to LiPo and 1A. Connect the
white battery connector to the 38 port, and connect the XT60-JST charger adapter to the
red battery connector and yellow
charger connector.

       LiPo  1A

                                                                                             4 Viewing video
                                                                                             When using a 3DR Black Pearl Monitor to view your video, set the mode to DJV (M button
                                                                                             changes modes), the channel to 8 (+ and - buttons), and the band to E(press the power
                                                                                             button to access the menu).

                                                                                             For more information about configuring the FPV/OSD system, visit 3DR.com/X8-M.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    27
Flyin~ Mappine Missions                                                                          For automatic takeoff, arm the XS in stabilize mode. Switch to auto mode, and
                                                                                                 raise the throttle to initiate the mission.
Before flying the mission, check the following:
)) Camera is on with mission script ready and is secured into the                                For manual takeoff, initiate the mission in flight by switching to auto mode.

              mount with the mini-USB cable connected and the cap removed.
, XS is powered and connected to the ground station with all pre-flight

              checks passed.
, The survey mission has been adjusted to account for present

              environmental conditions and saved to the XS.

Monitor the XS closely during the mission using your line of sight and the                                                      Actions
Mission Planner Flight Data screen.

 Mission Planner Flight Data: Attitude                    Status                                                                                                                2
                                                  2                                                                                                                             3
1 Heading direction
2 Bank angle                                                                                     2                              1 Change waypoints or restart a mission
3 Altitude* (black) and rate of climb (blue bar)                                                                                2 Change modes
4 Ground speed                                    3                                                                             3 Change altitude
*Failsafe behavior enabled
                                                                                                                                Flight Map

                                                                                                 3

                                                                                                 4

                                                  45                                                                                                                                        1
                                                                                                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                 6                                                                                          3
                                                                                                                                                                                            4
                                                       1 Ground station signal* 4 Distance to current waypoint >
                                                                                                                                                                                           5
                                                       2 GPS time                                    current waypoint number                                                                6
                                                       3 Currently                               5 GPS status*
                                                                                                 6 Battery status*                                                       4 Actu;1.1 flir;Jht path
                                                          enabled mode                                                                                                   5 Latitude, longitude
                                                                                                    Full battery: 16.8 V                                                 6 Altitude
                                                                                                    Low battery failsafe: 14 V  1 Current heading
                                                                                                                                2 [)irect pe1th to current w<typoint
                                                                                                 & End your flight at 14.1 V!   3 GPS-reported direction of travel

                                                                                                                                                                                                   28

-  · --.T,; .. - -                                --~  ~-                   -,-.,,,-,F· -~,~-,~
Failsafes                                                                                                    Low Battery Failsafe
                                                                                                             Environmental conditions can affect power consumption. Use the Mission Planner Flight Data
The X8 is programmed with a set of failsafe behaviors to prevent a crash in the event of a loss              display to monitor the voltage of the battery during flight.
of one of the data or communication channels required for autonomous flight. Although certain                If the battery reaches 14 V, the X8 will land automatically at the current position, indicated by a
failsafes have assigned LED indicators and tones, it is unlikely that you will be able to see these at a     blinking yellow status LED and a quick repeating tone.
distance. Monitor the Flight Data screen for failsafe indications. If a failsafe is triggered, the assigned
behavior will activate. To override the failsafe behavior (RTL in most cases), use the controller to            0000~
regain manual control.
                                                                                                             GPS Failsafe
Regaining Manual Control                                                                                     Enclosed areas, physical obstructions, and lack of available satellites can affect GPS strength.
To regain manual control during the mission, switch to altitude hold mode using the controller. If           Use the Mission Planner Flight Data display to monitor the GPS during flight.
you're a confident operator, switch to stabilize mode for full manual control. If you observe instability    If the X8 loses GPS lock for over five seconds, it will land automatically at the current position.
in the XS's flight behavior or it the aircraft moves outside your designated safe flying area, switch to
RTL. Turning off the controller will automatically trigger an RTL and can be used in an emergency
situation as a hard recall command.

Ground Station Signal Failsfe
Physical obstructions and interference from nearby wireless signals can affect the XS's connection
with the ground station. Use the Mission Planner Flight Data display to monitor the ground station
connection strength during flight.

If the X8 loses contact with the ground station for over five seconds, it will automatically return to
the launch point and land.

                                                                                                             ~-······-//······~

                                                                                                             eoeff    ....

                                                                                                                     <>

RC Controller Signal Failsafe                                                                                Altitude Failsafe
Physical obstructions and interference from nearby wireless signals can affect the X8's connec-              The X8 has a 120 m altitude geofence enabled by default. If the geofence is breached, the X8
tion with the RC controller.                                                                                 will automatically RTL.

If the X8 loses contact with the RC controller, it will return to the launch point automatically and
land, indicated by a blinking yellow status LED.

t· I I · *                                                                                                   4Q(!ft
                                                                                                             (1?Qm)

      .J.

0000

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  29
3 Process              31
                       31
On-Site Quality Check  31
Spot Check             32
Download Images        33
Download Log File
Pix4D Rapid Check      33

Full Processing

                           30
On-Site Quality Check

Before leaving the suNey site, check the images using Pix4D to ensure
sufficient quality for mapping by downloading the images from the SD
card, downloading the log file from the X8, and completing Rapid Check
Initial Processing in Pix4D.

If you observe poor image quality or the quality report returns errors, see
the Image Quality Troubleshooting section on page 38 and repeat the
mission.

                             L)                                                 Unlock the SD card and  into your ground station. Select the DCIM

      quickest way to see images after a flight is to unlock the SD             folder and locate the folder for your flight. Copy the files into a project
card and restart the camera. The camera will load the default Canon
programming and you can select the playback button to review the                folder on the ground station and delete them from the SD card.
images.
                                                                                r0:"f ~~-~'::~i
                                                               playback button
                                                                                i ··"-; ,,.,~

                                                                                l ;::..! Ju...,

                                                                                l"'--

                                                                                ~~~;n·:·

                                                                                ; ,,,,."'

                                                                                ! .I!<:U

                                                                                ijl':~,=_~~·

                                                                                SD card file structure: Download images

                                                                                                                                                             31
Pix4D uses the GPS data from the X8's log file to georeference the images. To
download the X8's dataflash log, power the X8 and connect to Mission Planner.
The download process will be faster if you connect the micro-USB cable directly
to Pixhawk's micro-USB port instead of connecting using the ground station
radio. (When connecting directly to the X8, set the rate to 115200.)

On the Flight Plan screen, select the DataFiash Logs tab under the heads-up
display, and select Download DataFiash Log over Mavlink.

Mission Planner: Flight Data heads-up display

The Log window shows the X8's recent flights. Select the flight for your mission,      Mission Planner: Download Logs  Program Files: Retrieve log file
and select Download These Logs. This will save the log file to your computer in the
location displayed under the list of flights.

To retrieve the log file, access your computer's file structure under Program Files/
Mission Planner/logs!DCTOROTOR, and select the .log file for the date of your flight.

                                                                                                                                                         32
Pix4Dmapper                                                 Check:                                  Proiect

1                                                                                                   2                                   3
Open Pix4D Mapper, and create a new                                                                 Select Aerial Nadir as the          After adding the images, select From File to add the geolocation data from the
project.                                                                                            project type.                       XS's log file. In the pop-up window, select 3D Robotics Flight Log as the file
                                                                                                                                        format, and upload the dataflash log file downloaded from Mission Planner.

.Jl:nlobotics                                                                                         ~"'!';".;. ::::·~. ~-... ,.,...~                                                                      1111111
 UAV TECHNOlOGY
                                                                                                    ··--"""'""'"""'"""':»',...""'--J)                                                                   ----11

                                                                                                                                                                                                        L=' II

                                                                                                                                                                                                        ·~=~·Iil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 -- n-.        1II
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Accur.o<y          [do'
                                                                                                                                                                                                      \ortlml                  1

                                                                                                                                                                                                 1/Ji))'J                      l

                                                                                                                                                                                                 , II100011                    '

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        iii

                   Rapid Check: Initial                                                                                                 Processea::                                              2014-,!.pr-2516:30:49

After creating the project, select the Local Processing screen (Process
menu). Check the option for Initial Processing and Rapid Check. Uncheck
all other local processing options, and select Start.

                                                                                                                                                                                                 CanooOO.JS229HS_4.3_.40000D00

                                                                                                                                                                                                 9.3cm

                                                                                                                                                                                                 0.5979 ~/5!1.7946 ha/0231 SQ. mi.

                                                                                                                                        f.~ coorooae S}'St.e!lr                                  WGS84

P!t.rr.toliP:~                c;z.i>off.ClWI!De~~fttatio!l  -~3 DSMandOr~~'"llllon                                                      GrooodCooirofPcintfGCPlcom~~m:                           WG$8<

..:. Fu!l'f=l>;j -~ ~Ch!!;k:                                 \1>!:;:>'~~....-:~·:c;:-.d!. -~::.:."                                      Pfocessingfjpe:                                          WGS84llJTU zone 32M
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ~(scale 1} ae:nat nadir
                                                                                                                                        """"""""--Time fOI' lmtiatJZroce5Sing(11112JoettepllJft  24m:01s
                                                                                                                                        -.,..,.,..__ 121outof12:1imagescaiiOCated(100%),alllmao;:esen.Wted.
Pix4D will generate a Quality Report that will indicate if the images are of                                                            -                                                        O..mli<relati¥etlilf~~iniliatandlinalrocatltflgtt
sufficient quality to create a map.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 7 G.CPs (7 30}. 0.1)45 m

Full Processin~

To complete full processing for the map, visit support.pix4d.com for instructions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    33
wwww

CDOJ())Ol
Aeriallma~in~ Concepts

Understanding key concepts in aerial images can help you understand the mission planning process and create better maps.

Distance-Based Imaging
By default, the camera captures only the images required to create the map. The Pixhawk monitors the distance traveled by the aircraft and sends
a command to the camera to capture an image at the distance interval specified by the camera trigger distance parameter (CAM_TRIGG_D/Sl). This
parameter is set by the Mission Planner Survey tool during survey configuration by calculating the minimum distance between images based on the
parameters specified for the survey (altitude, overlap, sidelap). This distance-based imaging allows for more precise data collection, resulting in less
images and data storage cost. Once configured, the Survey tool creates an event at the start of the mission script (after takeoff) to set the camera
trigger distance to the specified interval and an event at the end of the mission (before landing) to reset the camera trigger distance to 0.

Time-Based Imaging
The camera is also equipped to capture images at a consistent time interval instead of using distance. This function can be useful if you want to
capture images over an area without planning a mission. This time-based imaging results in more images per area, and therefore more processing
time and storage cost. See the Trigger Type options on page xx to enable time-based imaging.

Overlap and Sidelap
To capture images for the map, the aircraft flies a lawnmower-like pattern in strips across the survey site. The front-to-back overlap between
sequential images is called overlap; the side overlaps of adjacent pictures in different strips is called sidelap. The overlap and sidelap parameters
in the Survey tool (see Advanced Options page xx) determine the distance between images and the number of images to be captured based on
the projected ground area that each image will cover, called a footprint. Increasing overlap and sidelap improves the accuracy of the map while
increasing flight time and processing time.

                                                                 .-~~                             ·:P> -~·
                                                                                                                      ,',' ~.,'.
                                                                  Jk~-- ···~~~~-                              .,
                                                                                                        .· ·, .
                                                                               130%Sl:CE...AP  ...::...._ ---.--~~--~·--·----..:.,

                                                                                                                            50%0VEflL.AP

In the Survey tool, Distance between Images shows the specified  Default overlap: 50%
camera trigger distance that will be assigned to the mission.    Default sidelap: 60%
You can also see the projected image footprint size and the
total number of images to be captured.

                                                                                                                                                          35
3DREAI                                                                                                  Script Menu
                                                                                                        The script menu allows you to change the parameters associated with the script itself, including
3DR EAI is based on KAP UAV Exposure Control Script v3.1: a great open-source project for kite and      changing the trigger mode and adjusting exposure. To open the script menu, stop the script and
UAV aerial photography.                                                                                 select the FUNC. SET button. These parameters are configured for the 8100 and do not require
                                                                                                        adjustment as part of standard operation.
Start and Stop Script
Ensure the camera is set to P (program) mode before powering the camera. Upon startup, 3DR EAI
starts automatically and listens for commands from the autopilot, indicated by waiting for USB signal.
To stop (and re-start) the script, press the shutter button. The script will display INTERRUPTED when
stopped.

Script start: waiting on USB signal                                                                        Script menu
Script stopped: INTERRUPTED FINISHED
                                                                                                        Trigger Type
                                                                                                        This parameter allows you to control how the camera captures images. Trigger type defaults to USB
                                                                                                        for distance-based imaging during mapping missions. For time-based imaging, select Interval and
                                                                                                        specify the length in the Shot Interval parameter.

                                                                                                        Trigger Type default: USB (mapping)
                                                                                                        Variable intervalometer: Interval (default to 2 seconds, specified by Shot lnterva~

CHDKMenu
The CHDK menu contains all the standard options provided with CHDK. To access the CHDK menu,
stop the script and select the MENU button.

                                                                                                        Script menu: Trigger Type

CHDKmenu                                                                                                Memory Reset
                                                                                                        If the battery is left out of the camera for too long, the camera will reset its memory. To re-configure
                                                                                                        the camera in this case, visit 3DR.com!X8-Mfor instructions.

                                                                                                        Online Resources and Information
                                                                                                        Visit 3DR.com/X8-Mfor links to updates, more information about KAP UAV, and full CHDK instructions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            36
lma~e Quality Troubleshootin~

If you observe poor image quality during the spot check or if you receive error
messages during processing, use the settings below to troubleshoot the image quality.

Blurry Images                                                                                                                        ·
To correct motion blur, adjust the shutter speed using the Target Tv parameter in the script menu.

Target Tv (shutter speed) default:  1/1250                                                                       ·.. ·~~~' ·.· ·'!..·..,,_..,
To correct moderate motion blur:    Set to 1/1600.                                                                                                                                    ~ -- .~.~ '---.
To correct severe motion blur:      Set to 1/2000.
                                                                                                                                                  ""'
                                                                                                        Example image: motion blur                                                                     <  Script menu: Target Tv

Overexposure
If the images are overexposed but do not show any motion blur, it can be due to flying in extremely
bright conditions. To correct this, set the Allow use ofND filter parameter to YES in the script menu.

Allow use ofND filter default:      No
To correct overexposure:
                                    Set to Yes.

                                                                                                        Example image: overexposure                                                                       Script menu: NO Filter

Processing Errors
If you receive errors from Pix4Dmapper regarding the images, dataset, or matching points, increase
the overlap and sidelap during survey configuration to improve the quality of the image set.

Overlap default:                    50%
Sidelap default:                    60%
To improve processing:              Set overlap to 60% and sidelap to 70%.

                                                                                                        Mission Planner Survey tool Advanced Grid Options: Overlap and Sidelap

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  37
Operational Troubleshootin~                                                     2 Take a distance-triggered test image on the ground by manually setting
                                                                                    the camera trigger distance parameter to 1 m.
No Images Captured
1 If the camera did not capture any images during the mission, first perform a  Power the aircraft and connect to Mission Planner. Select Config/Tuning and
                                                                                Full Parameter List. Change the CAM_ TRIGG_DIST parameter to 1, and select
   physical inspection on the X8.                                               Write Params. Now carry the X8 for a few meters to see if the autopilot
                                                                                triggers the camera.
           Is the mini-USB cable connected to the camera's USB port?
                                                                                Mission Planner Full Parameter List: Set CAM_TRIGG_DIST to 1.
Camera (side)

Are-- the  AUX  OUT  6  pins        connected      on  Pixhawk?

                                              ·-·
~~876543210DDDDD

~ -~·J·····~-~ . . . . . '- AUX OUT 6: black(-), red(+), white (s)

  :::: :,:: ~:_:6; :~: :_:';

Pixhawk (side)

Is the camera battery charged? Unlock the SD card to view the Canon's
battery level indicator.

                  Camera wiTh SO card unlocked, running Canon sofuoVare

LED Error Indicator
If the status LED displays blinking yellow, the X8 is failing one the pre-arm safety checks. To determine the specific failure, check the
heads-up display on the Mission Planner Flight Data screen. There will be an error message specifying the failed check.

Radio Calibration Failure:          Perform Radio Calibration in Mission Planner or RC controller re-binding
Accelerometer Calibration Failure:  Perform Accelerometer Calibration in Mission Planner
Compass Calibration Failure:        Perform Compass Calibration in Mission Planner
GPS Failure:                        Wait for improved GPS signal or move to a more open area

                                                                                                                                                             38
           ! Safety- Read Before Flying !

  Your first priority must absolutely be the safety of people!

Multicopters are essentially Flying Lawnmowers!

· ArduCopter is an experimental aircraft running community-created code- Novel and unexpected results
     are NOT uncommon!

· Crashes can happen, because of pilot error or hardware or software malfunction.

· Especially while you are learning, it is recommended that you avoid, stiff, ultra-sharp carbon fiber props.
           o Get cheaper more flexible and more breakable plastic ones.
           o Some carbon fiber props cut better than a Ginsu and while they are almost indestructible, you are not.

· If you are flying anywhere near other people, you are putting them at risk!
· Be sure to maintain safe distances between yourself, and spectators and your copter.

           o Circumstances will require that you will need to make your own determination of what is a "safe distance"
                from people and property.

           o At a minimum, consider: at least 1Oft (3m) but not further than 30ft (1Om) from you.
           o Keep all other people, property and obstacles considerably further away from your copter.
           o Ensure that no one gets between you and your copter.
           o Spectators should always be a safe distance behind the pilot.
           o If people intrude beyond what you have determined to be the "safe" area, land immediately and do not

                take off until they are clear.
           o At full power, an average sized multi-copter can exceed 20 mph (32 km/h), can ascend to hundreds of feet

                and easily travel more than a mile in distance before running out of battery.
· Always ensure that the battery cable is (NOT) connected to the power distribution board or harness until

     you are ready to fly.
           o After landing the first thing you should do is disconnect your battery cable.
           o Always remove your props while you are testing motors.
           o Your hands, arms and face and those of your friends will thank you.
           o When the battery is connected, always assume the motors are armed.
           o Check with a short throttle pulse.
           o Don't pick up the model and the radio at the same time, you may bump the throttle.
           o Do not attempt to fly longer than your batteries safe capacity.
                      · At a minimum it is very hard on the battery and at worst you will crash destructively.

· The APM and PX4 flight controllers we use incorporate a motor arming safety feature.
           o Immediately prior to flight after the battery has been connected, the RC transmitters throttle stick needs to
                 be held down and to the right for several seconds to arm the motors.
           o After landing your first response should be to hold the throttle down and to the left for several seconds to
                "Disarm" the motors.
           o Disarm condition can be tested by moving the throttle stick up, if the motors do not move it is dis armed.
           o Even when disarmed, the throttle stick should always be kept in the full down position except when flying.

· Get used to switching back to Stabilize mode from other modes and reassuming full manual control.
           o This is the single most important recovery technique (practice it).
           o Stabilize mode can have Simple mode added to it, but if you do, practice with it till you are proficient.
           o Do not use any modes other than Stabilize or Stabilize plus Simple until you are VERY comfortable flying.

· Important primary response to a crash, inadequate landing or unknown flight controller state.
           o The first thing to do is throw a towel over your copters propellers (Propellers may start spinning
                 unexpectedly).
           o Then immediately disconnect the battery.
           o A large towel is your most important piece of safety equipment followed by a fire extinguisher and a first
                aid kit. --Generally better to use the first one than the last one.

· When testing or flying any of the navigation modes (using GPS):
           o Ensure that your GPS has "Lock" before arming and takeoff.
           o Check that your home position on the Mission Planner is in fact correct.
           o Sometimes GPS's do not report the home position accurately, reboot if not accurate and wait for 8 or more
                satellites (not just 3D lock) and check again.
 I

l

               Keep a safe distance between your Copter and People!

             These tips can also help protect your multicopter from damage.

                  · Avoid sudden or extreme transmitter control stick deflections
                              o Move the control sticks in small measured increments and don't "yank" on them.
                              o If the copter is properly calibrated and balanced it should require only small stick inputs to control altitude,
                                   direction and speed.
                              o Your copter should be more or less stable on the horizontal plane without any control inputs.
                            o If you are "fighting" the copter, land and fix it- something is not right- Hardware adjustment or software
                                   calibration may be required.
                              o Be especially careful of large throttle inputs, as a copter can gain (or lose) altitude very rapidly.

                  · Because MultiCopters are symmetrical it is especially easy to lose Visual Orientation.
                              o For manual flight modes, maintaining a clear vision of the Copters Orientation (direction it is facing) is the
                                   most critical part of successful flight.
                              o Especially while learning it is very important to keep your copter appropriately close to you to aid in
                                   maintaining visual orientation.
                              o Generally: more than 1Oft (3m) but not further than 30ft (1Om) from you.
                              o If the copter gets further than about 1OOft (30m) it starts getting difficult to be able to
                                   maintain orientation and can easily crash.
                              o If you lose Yaw orientation while flying in Stabilize mode, try only flying forward and using yaw to steer like
                                   a car.
                              o It is much better to simply descend and land rather than have an orientation-induced crash or fly away.
                                         · Fly-Aways often happen when the copter is commanded to tilt back towards the pilot but has
                                              rotated in the meantime and is so far away that orientation is lost.
                                         · Result: the copter flies further away and crashes or is lost.

                  · Always have Stabilize mode as the {Go To) one of your 3 options.
                  · High or unexpected winds or gusts can make flight considerably more difficult.

                              o High winds can prevent forward progress or spin the copter around causing you to become disoriented.
                              o The higher you are, the more likely high winds will be a problem.
                              o Switching to Stabilize mode and landing before you reach your skill limits can help you save your copter.
                  · Avoid flying at high speed or high altitude until you have gained considerable confidence in both manual
                        and automatic modes.
                  · When flying around trees or buildings it is very easy to lose visual orientation or even to lose sight of the
                        copter completely.
                              o Gusting winds around objects can also worsen the problem and radio signal loss can also occur.
                              o If your copter is approaching a potentially interfering object, immediately switch to stabilize mode and land

                                   or retrieve the copter to your location.
                  · ArduPilot specific safety modes: RTL, FailSafe and GeoFence.

                              o RTL can provide a safe Return to Launch if it starts to get away from you.
                              o FailSafe and GeoFence can assist you with keeping the copter in a safe proximity.
                              o Do not rely on the above safety modes, always be ready to take control in stabilize and land the copter.
                              o Especially do not rely on the above safety modes to perform maneuvers or training that you would

                                   otherwise consider dangerous.
                              o These modes are a supplement to, not a replacement for sound safety practices.
                  · On your first takeoff after tuning or hardware setup
                              o In stabilize mode advance the throttle very slowly until the copter is almost hovering.
                              o If the copter is trying to flip over turn it off and correct the problem, a motor could be turning the wrong

                                   direction, or a wrong direction prop could be installed.
                              o If the copter tries to rotate on it's axis or fly off in some direction the transmitter or RC setup may be

                                   incorrect, a motor or ESC may not be performing properly or the props may be installed incorrectly.
                              o When all problems are fixed it should be fairly easy to get the copter to hover a foot or 2 above the ground.
                              o If a stable and stationary hover a foot or 2 above the ground cannot be achieved, land and fix the problem
                  · When flying FPV "First Person View" {with a video camera), Set modes to: STABILIZE, SIMPLE, and RTL.
                              o Ensure RTL is working properly before using FPV,
                              o Use Stabilize mode to fly FPV and If you lose FPV video switch to Simple or RTL to get back.
                  · Make sure your battery can't fall out, use a Velcro Strap to hold it in place.
Aero-M                                                                                     3~~

                anual

Thank you for purchasing an Aero-M! This manual contains important information about your
aerial mapping platform. Please read these instructions before your first flight.

1 Plan     1
2 Fly
3 Process  20
Appendix
           37
           41
Parts                 2  Mission Planning        8
                         Operating Parameters    8
Flight Battery        3  Load Maps               9
Charging              3  Draw Polygon            10
Safety                3  Configure Survey        11
Powering the Aero     4  Save and Write Mission  19

Camera Setup          5
3DR EAI               5
Charging              5
Starting a Mission    5
Mounting              6

Ground Station Setup  7
Download Software     7
Connect to Radio      7
Parts                                                                    RC controller and
                                                                         accessories

/:s ·            Aero                                          - ground station radio
       batteries (2)                                           Q ;[f
                                                                         micro-USB cable
             camera                                            -
                                                                         charger and
                                                                         accessories

       wing spar

                                                                         battery guard bag

       horizontal stabilizer

·- -·  wings ...--                                                                wing rubber bands
                                                                                  (4 plus 2 spare)

                                                                                  propellers (1
                                                                                  plus 1 spare)

                                                               _ _ j hex keys(?)

~·~»~"c'l registration card and                                ,.. propeller wrench
                  Pix4D license key
                                                               ~ spare control horns
FPVIOSD System                                                              (2)
If you selected to receive a FPV/OSD system, those components
will be included with the Aero's accessories. See page 34 for  ....r-.-  spare servo rods (2)
parts and instructions.
                                                               Ill spare camera
                                                                              mount filters (2)

                                                                [ I Pixhawk micro-SO
                                                                              card adapter
                                                                                                        2
Fli~ht Battery

The Aero is powered by a rechargeable lithium polymer (LiPo) battery.
Charge the battery before your first flight.

Connect the charger to the power adapter cable                   2                                                            Safety
and a wall outlet. Connect the red cable to the +                Set the charger to LiPo and 3A.
port and the black cable to the - port.                                                                                         A

         ; r:nrn':            =00 =-                                   n 0 n r:                                                       Flying with a low battery is a safety risk and can render the
                                                                                                                                      battery permanently unusable. Always fly with a fully charged
......... ·HHnnt                                                       15 25 3S 4S                                                    battery.

             ;;J:tift ::;}I:                                           LiPo                 3A                                        Charge the battery using a designated LiPo balance charger
                                                                       Charger settings                                               only. Always monitor the battery while charging. Protect the
Charger with power cable and                                                                                                          battery from extreme heat, extreme cold, puncturing, and
split-wire charging cable                                                                                                             flammable surfaces. Always transport, charge, and store the
                                                                                                                                      battery in the guard bag.

                                                                                                                                      Inspect the battery for damage before and after flying. If you
                                                                                                                                      observe any swelling of the package or the battery ceases
                                                                                                                                      to function, do not use the battery; locate your local battery
                                                                                                                                      recycling center, and dispose of the battery. In the US and
                                                                                                                                      Canada, visit call2recycle.org to find a location. Do not
                                                                                                                                      dispose of the battery in the trash.

3                                                                4
Connect the white connector to the 4S port, and                  Secure the battery inside the guard bag,
join the two yellow connectors together.                         and charge until the status indicator
                                                                 displays green.

              ~!!!!!!! ....                                                                        ·Charging

                                                             4S                                   ~-
                                                                                                                    Complete
                  +---
                                                                       Charging in process  '
Flight battery charging wiring

                                                                                                                                                                                                      3
Powerin~                                           2                                                                       A
                                                   Open the battery compartment by
Turn on the controller. To avoid triggering        sliding the knob on the orange switch                                   It is important to establish communication before
the controller's startup alarm, ensure that        forward and lifting out the lid.                                        powering on the Aero. Always turn on the controller
all switches are set back (away from you)                                                                                  before connecting the battery. When powering off
and the throttle stick is set fully down.                                        ~~-                                       the Aero, disconnect the battery before turning off
                                                                                                                           the controller.
     Switches                                      Lk ·_
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       4
Throttle stick                                       Aero: battery compartment lid

                              RC controller        "" \..

3                                                                                      battery
Insert a charged battery into the battery slot,                                     connector
and attach the yellow connectors. This will
power on the Aero.                                                                                         flight battery
                                                          Aero: battery compartment interior
A

Hold the Aero still and level while it powers on.
Attach the velcro above the battery slot to the
velcro on the battery. Close and secure the lid
onto the battery compartment.
Camera Setup

The Aero includes a Canon PowerShot S1 00 running the 3DR EAI script.

      EAI (Exposure-Aperture-180)                                                          Charge the camera battery before your first flight. Once
                                                                                           fully charged, insert the battery into the camera.
3DR EAI runs on the Canon Hacker Development Kit (CHDK), a powerful open-
source tool that expands the functionality of Canon point-and-shoot cameras. 3DR                       f - - status indicator
EAI optimizes image exposure and integrates with the Pixhawk autopilot to enable
distance-based imaging.                                                                    Canon battery charger

This software is designed to load off the camera's SD card, leaving the original Canon                a
programming intact. The yellow switch on the side of the SD card allows you to lock
or unlock the card. Lock the SO card to run 3DR EAI; unlock the SD card to save            To prepare the camera to fly a mapping mission, ensure that the mode
images to your ground station or to boot the camera with its original programming.         dial is set to P(program) mode. Power on the camera using the silver
                                                                                           button on the top. 3DR EAI will start automatically, and you will see the
For more information about 3DR EAI, see page 43.                                           script messages on the camera display. Check to see that the last line
                                                                                           of the script reads waiting on USB signal. The camera is now ready to map!
l                                                     i
                                                                                                                                                                                                 power button
    SD card locked                                        SD card unlocked                                                                                                                         mode dial
    Load 3DR EAI                                          Load default Canon software

   » Fly a mapping mission                               » View images on camera

...... 1\it!m".J:II"t···'                                >> Save images to ground station
                                                         >> Update script
D:f.RfUICIPJrtSX2!i8-,L.rts~f
~On.m>_3.l                                                Camera running Canon software

i'i15s_th!\shirt.b.Y;b,:t1.Dn.'toptr.llil!_,

·au: 1,3;11-:513.~--1.810 IU:J--~-21114
-=tn296-~:Pil!Y.Cootlr&JW5"JF:8,Stna.Jf'-:B
Ty:_U.138                  ·ltt:l/64JIE.'tlllllp:!.8

RII:<I:;B·Idt>:3.511111Br:8;1.

IS&In:!lll$01:411ISlJ2:15lll

tF~:3Yldea:B.US8:2

fMS:1Jr:t:2Sl&:8Diy:&..BJt:1.
vq.IUnr-DD_.USEI~1!1ll'l        .

""

Camera running 3DR EAI

A Power off the camera before removing the SO card.

                                                                                           Camera ready to map: maftf.'¥J on USB signal

                                                                                                                                                                                                               5
The camera mounts to the Aero inside the battery compartment           The camera mount includes a lens cap that protects the filter during
and connects to the autopilot using the mini-USB cable. When the       travel. Make sure to remove this lens cap before you fly, and check
camera is ready to start the mission, insert the camera into the       that the filter contains no foam particles, dirt, or scratches that could
mount inside the battery compartment as shown below, connect           affect image quality.
the mini-USB cable to the camera, and secure the camera in place
using the velcro strap.                                                It is expected that the filter will accumulate scratches after significant
                                                                       use. If you notice any damage to the filter that could affect image
                                                                       quality, unscrew the filter and replace with one of the extra filters
                                                                       provided with the Aero.

                                        autopilot integration cable

                                                                                                  UVfllter
                                                                       Camera mount (bottom): cap removed

Aero battery compartment: camera mount

                                                                                                            l!!!l

                                        Connect mini-USB cable inside  Camera mount (bottom): cap attached
                                        battery compartment here.

Camera (side)

The camera mount is fixed to the inside of the battery compartment
and is not intended to be removed from the Aero.

                                                                                                                                                   6
Ground Station Setup                                                               Connect Radio

 Mission Planner allows you to turn a Windows laptop into a full-featured          To connect the Aero to Mission Planner, connect the ground station radio
 ground station for configuring and monitoring autonomous missions. You will       to the laptop, and power the Aero.
 need to take this laptop into the field when you fly the mission. As part of the
 mission procedure, you will use the Pix4D Rapid Check to verify the quality of    Connect the ground station radio to your             2
 the image set before leaving the field.                                           laptop using the micro-USB cable. Open               Select 57600 and AUTO, then select CONNECT.
                                                                                   Mission Planner.
        Load                                                                                                                            (When connecting directly to Pixhawk's
                                                                                                                                        micro-USB port, set the rate to 115200.)
I I Mission Planner
                                                                                                                                        Mission Planner Connect tool (top-right corner))
 Mission Planner is a full-featured ground station application for planning
 missions and monitoring the Aero in flight. Download Mission Planner              Ground station laptop with radio connected
from 3DR.comldownload_sottware.
If you already have Mission Planner installed, make sure you're running            3
the most recent version: Select the Help tab and Check tor Updates.                Select Flight Data to view live data from the Aero.

Mission Planner: Help tab                                                                                                               Mission Planner Flight Data tab: connected to aircraft

                       Pix4Dmapper LT 3DR Edition

Your license key for Pix4Dmapper can be found on the registration card
inside the documents package.
Visit mapper.pix4d.com//icense-redeem to create an account and redeem
your license key; then visit pix4d.com/downloadto download Pix4Dmapper
Discovery. Pix4D will automatically upgrade from the Discovery edition to
the LT 3DR Edition (or Pro Edition if you selected to upgrade) when you
log in to the program with your Pix4D account information.

                                                                                                                                                                                                7
Mission Plannin~

            Para

The Aero is a complete solution for creating                   Operating Parameters
high-resolution visual-spectrum aerial maps.

           Canon 8100                                          Camera                         Canon S100
                                                               Camera Orientation             Portrait (side facing forward)
Pixhawk    f-----. f----+[ 3DR EAI)  Pix4Dmapper               Operating Altitude             80-120 m
autopilot                            LT 3DR Edition            Standard Operating Altitude    100m
 system                                                        Low-Wind Conditions            0-6 m/s
                                                               High-Wind Conditions           7-10 m/s
 Mapping system diagram                                        Maximum Wind Conditions        10 m/s
                                                               Operating Speed                8-20 m/s
To create a map, the Aero flies an autonomous mission over     Default Speed                  15 m/s
the survey site, using the integration between the Pixhawk     Estimated Maximum Flight Time  40min
autopilot and custom-programmed camera to capture images       Estimated Ground Resolution    5 em/pixel
at a consistent distance interval. Pix4Dmapper then stitches   Estimated Maximum Survey Area  1 km2
these images together into a georeferenced, orthorectified     Minimum Photo Interval         2 seconds
mosaic.

The accuracy of the map depends on the configuration of the
mission. Planning a mission that captures high-quality images
requires balancing the Aero's operating parameters with the
environmental factors at the survey site.

                                                                                                                              8
Mission Planner allows you to plan the mission away from the mapping location;
however, it is important to assess the environmental conditions on site at the time
of the mission and adjust the flight plan if necessary. Alternatively, you can plan
the entire mission at the mapping location. To create or alter the mission, Mission
Planner requires an Internet connection to access the maps. If you're unable to
access the Internet on site, follow the instructions below to pre-fetch the maps
within Mission Planner while you have Internet access.

Open Mission Planner, select Flight Plan, and                                                       2
zoom to your flying location.                                                                       Right-click on the map, select Map Tool and
                                                                                                    Prefetch, and accept the default prompts.
.·FUGHTPLAN
                   )                                                                                Mission Planner will download the maps

                                                                                                    for the selected location to your computer.

                            Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: zoom to mapping location               Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: Select Pretetch

3
Mission Planner will attempt to load the map data from the current level of zoom down to the
closest level of zoom available. However, it can take hours to pre-fetch every level of zoom,
and it is unlikely that the closer levels will be useful in planning the mission. To shortcut this
process, check the slider on the right side of the map. The levels of zoom are represented by
this slider from 0 {bottom) to 25 {top). Press the ESC key to skip levels of zoom at a greater
detail than you need for mission planning.

                                                                                                                                                      9
To begin planning the mapping mission, select the area you want to map using
the Polygon tool. You'll be able to adjust the size and shape of the polygon later in
the mission configuration process.

Select Flight Plan, and zoom to your                            2                                                                    3
mapping location.                                               Right click on the map. Select Draw Polygon and                      Right click on the polygon. Select Auto WPand
                                                                Add Polygon Point. Click and drag to add points                      Survey (Grid} to open the Survey Tool.
..·FliGHT Ptl\N·                                                around the area you want to map.
               '

    Mission Planner Fligf1t Plan tab: zoom to mapping location

                                                                                                                                     Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: open Survey tool

                                                                                       Mission Planner Right Plan tab: draw polygon

A.  Units

    The Survey Tool uses metric units. If your Mission Planner is
    set to imperial units, please change the settings to use metric
    to plan the mission. Support for imperial units in Mission
    Planner is coming soon; check 3DR.com!Aero·Mfor updates.

                                                                                                                                                                                        10
The Survey tool allows you to configure a mapping mission according to the
Aero's operating parameters and the current environmental conditions at the
mapping location. First, set the default values for the Aero.

                                                                             ~  Set Camera
                                                                                Canon S100-S120
                                                                             l
                                                                                Set Camera Orientation
                                                                                Uncheck the option for Camera top
                                                                                facing forward.

                                                                             ==iL Set Default Speed
                                                                                                       15 m/s

                                                                                                      Apply Survey Speed
                                                                                                     Check the option for Use speed for this mission.
                                                                                                       If unchecked, the mission will use the Aero's
                                                                                                      default speed of 15 m/s regardless of the
                                                                                                      speed selected in the Survey Tool.

Mission Planner Sunre;.·tool

                                                                                                                                                       11
Next configure the angle of the flight path for the current wind conditions.  ~  Set Angle

Mission Planner Survey tool                                                      Wind Direction
                                                                                 In environments with winds of less than 6 m/s, set the angle so that
Mission Planner Tip: Adjust Polygon                                              the Aero flies into the wind. In winds from 7-10 m/s, configure the
Click and drag the red polygon points to adjust the size                         flight path to travel perpendicular to the wind so the Aero flies cross-
and shape of the polygon from the Survey Tool.                                   wind.

                                                                                 No. of Strips
                                                                                 Adjust the angle so that the Aero makes as few turns as possible to
                                                                                 complete its course. The No. of Strips parameter shows how many
                                                                                 passes the plane will make as you adjust the angle.

                                                                                 Review Wind Conditions On-Site
                                                                                 Always assess the wind conditions at your survey site at the time of
                                                                                 the mission and adjust the mission accordingly.

                                                                                    Configure the fiight path parallel with
                                                                                    the wind in low winds (1-6 m/s).

                                                                                    Configure the fiight path perpendicular to the
                                                                                    wind in high winds (7-1 0 m/s).

                                                                                 A  Use caution when flying in winds over 1Om/s. Mapping results           12
                                                                                    may degrade as a result of inability to make headway or maintain
                                                                                    appropriate groundspeed.
The suNey altitude determines the duration of the mission and the ground
resolution of the final map. Adjust altitude to balance flight time and power
consumption with the current environmental conditions.

Mission Planner SUJveytool                                                                     Set Altitude
                                                                                               Standard operating altitude: 100 m
                            Check Ground Resolution                                            Operating altitude range: 80-120 m
                            Ground Resolution is the centimeters per pixel that you will have  Increasing altitude decreases flight time, allowing you to cover more area
                            in the map and corresponds to the amount of detail that you        per minute. Decreasing altitude improves ground resolution. Set the alti-
                            will see.                                                          tude to get the best ground resolution while keeping the flight time under
                                                                                               40 min and the altitude under 120 m.
                            To improve ground resolution by decreasing the number of
                            centimeters per pixel, decrease altitude.                          A

                                                                                               Keep altitude below 120 m, and ensure that the altitude is appropriate for
                                                                                               your flying area and local regulations.

                                                                                               Check Flight Time
                                                                                               Flight Time estimates the duration of the mission. The total estimated flight
                                                                                               time must be under 40 min for a fully charged Aero battery. To decrease
                                                                                               flight time, increase altitude or speed.
                                                                                               High winds, humidity, high altitude, and extreme heat can affect power
                                                                                               consumption and reduce flight time. Consider the environmental factors at
                                                                                               your site when configuring flight time.

                                                                                                                                                                              13
With the basic parameters in place, verify that the photo interval calculated from
the altitude and speed complies with the operating parameters for the camera.

Mission Planner Survey tool                                                         Check Photo Interval
                                                                                    Photo Every must be longer than 2 seconds for the S100 camera.

                                                                                    Altitude
                                                                                    Increasing altitude increases photo interval.

                                                                                    A

                                                                                    Keep altitude below 120 m, and ensure that the altitude is
                                                                                    appropriate for your flying area and local regulations.

                                                                                    Speed
                                                                                    Decreasing speed increases photo interval.

                                                                                    A

                                                                                    Ensure that the Use speed tor this mission option is checked.

                                                                                                                                                    14
Now select a takeoff and landing pattern, either manual or automatic.  ~  Takeoff and Land WP's
Mission Planner Survey tool
                                                                          For automatic takeoff and landing
                                                                          Check the Add Takeoff and Land WPs option.
                                                                          Uncheck the Use RTL option.

                                                                          This will create a takeoff waypoint and a placeholder waypoint for the landing pat-
                                                                          tern. After accepting the survey, configure the automatic landing pattern by following
                                                                          the instructions on page 20.

                                                                          For automatic takeoff and manual landing
                                                                          Check both the Add Takeoff and Land WPs option and the Use RTL options.

                                                                          This will create a takeoff waypoint so the Aero will automatically climb to the survey
                                                                          altitude before heading to the first waypoint. The Aero will return to circle over the
                                                                          launch point after completing the mission.

                                                                          For manual takeoff and landing
                                                                          Uncheck the Add Takeoff and Land WPs option
                                                                          Check the Use RTL option.

                                                                          For this option, take off manually then initiate the mission in flight. The Aero will
                                                                          return to circle over the launch point after completing the mission.

                                                                                                                                                                  15
The Survey tool includes the following advanced configuration options. These options
allow you to customize the mission to comply with best operating practices.

                                                  ~ Check Advanced Options

                                                  I : to view the Survey Tool's advanced configuration options.
                                                                  Select Grid Options

                                                  . - ~ Set OverShoot
                                                  ...___!
                                                           The Aero has a minimum turning radius of 90 degrees. To accommodate the

                                                           sharp angles of the survey mission, set both OverShoot parameters to 50 to

                                                           have the Aero overshoot the waypoints on either side of the polygon by 50%

                                                           to ensure that the complete area of the polygon is covered by the images.

                                                           A

                                                           OverShoot will affect flight time. Ensure that the total estimated flight time is
                                                           less than the Aero's maximum flight time of 40 minutes.

Mission Planner Survey tool: advanced options

       ~Camera Config                                      Adjust StartFrom
                                                           During the mission, you will maintain contact with the aircraft through the RC
...___! The options under the Camera                       controller and ground station signals. If your mission is likely to experience a
                                                           loss of signal, it is best practice to start from the corner of the mission farthest
               Config tab allow you to configure           from the launch point. In this example, Topleft is the corner of the mission
               a camera other than the S1 00               farthest from the launch point.
               and won't be used for operating
               the Aero.

Mission Planner Suroeytool: advanced options               ~ Adjust Overlap and Sidelap
                                                                Overlap and sidelap are set to 50% and 60%, respectively, by default. See
                                                                page 42 for an in-depth discussion of these parameters.

                                                                                                                                                 16
Before accepting the survey, verify that the mission complies with the  Operating Parameters
Aero's operating parameters.
                                                                        Camera
Mission Planner Survey tool                                             Canon 8100-8120

                                                                        Altitude
                                                                        80-120 m

                                                                        Camera top facing forward
                                                                        unchecked

                                                                        Flying speed
                                                                        9-15 m/s

                                                                        Use speed for this mission
                                                                        checked (optional if speed set to default speed of 15 m/s)

                                                                        Photo Every
                                                                        greater than 2 s

                                                                        Flight time
                                                                        under 40 min depending on environmental conditions

                                                                        Accept
                                                                        Select Accept to create this mission. After accepting, you
                                                                        will need to reconfigure the survey completely to make any
                                                                        adjustments.

                                                                        If Mission Planner prompts you for a home altitude, enter
                                                                        the altitude that you specified in the Survey tool.

                                                                        A  Do not accept the mission if any of the parameters
                                                                           exceed the Aero's operating limits.

                                                                                                                                    17
If you selected automatic landing in the Survey Tool by checking the Add Takeoff and Land WPs option and unchecking         Locate the Takeoff waypoint in the mission script and set the
the Use RTL option, you will need to configure the landing waypoint pattern manually at this step in the mission planning   first option in the row to assign the takeoff angle.
process.
                                                                                                                            Set the takeoff angle to 20-25 degrees depending on the
To begin, determine the direction of the wind and select an unobstructed area 200-500 m in length leading to the            length of your takeoff area.
launch point, into the wind. On the main Flight Plan screen, create a series of waypoints along this path to decrease
altitude gradually from the survey altitude to 0, ensuring that:

 » Turns along the flight path are greater than 90 degrees.
 » The altitude decreases by a maximum of 20 m between waypoints
 » There is at least 20 m between each waypoint
 » The Grad % does not exceed 20%

To add a waypoint, right click on the map in the location of the waypoint you would like to add, and select Insert WP. For
each waypoint you add to the mission, Mission Planner will prompt you for the new waypoint's place in the script: Add
the series of landing waypoints immediately before the LAND waypoint in the script of events. For the first waypoint in
the pattern, add it to the mission immediately following the DO_SET_CAM_TRIGG_DISTwaypoint at the end of the mission.
Specify the altitude of each waypoint and check the distance and gradient angle in the waypoints table.

                                                                                fj-----+ Set altitude.                      Mission Planner Tip: Configure Waypoints
                                                                                                                            Measure the distance between waypoints by right-clicking at one
                                                                                ~ Check Grad%.                              end and selecting Measure Distance; then right-click on the other end
                                                                                                                            and select Measure Distance again. A dialog box will open with the
Mission Planner Right Plan tab: Correctly configured automatic landing pattern                                              distance between the two points.

To add a waypoint, right click on the map in the location of the waypoint                                                   Double-click on a field in the waypoint table to edit the parameters
you would like to add, and select Insert WP. For each waypoint you add to                                                   for a waypoint.
the mission, Mission Planner will prompt you for the new waypoint's place
in the script: Add the series of landing waypoints immediately before the                                                   Use the Up and Down arrow icons to re-order the waypoints.
LAND waypoint in the script of events. For the first waypoint in the pattern,
add it to the mission immediately following the DO_SET_CAM_TRIGG_DIST                                                       Use the Delete option to remove a waypoint from the mission.
waypoint at the end of the mission. Specify the altitude of each waypoint
and check the distance and gradient angle in the waypoints table.                                                                                                                                  18
Save and                                                                       Select Save WP File
                                                                               to save the mission file to your computer. To
For the Aero to run the mission, write the waypoint file to the autopilot.     repeat this mapping mission, load the saved
Don't forget to save the waypoint file to your ground station for future use.  WP file from your computer.

Mission Planner Flight Plan tab: Save and write mission                        Select Write WPs
                                                                               to save the mission to the Aero.

                                                                                                                              19
Safety                        21

Aircraft Operation            22
Components                    22
Assembly                      23
Controls                      26
Modes                         27
Arming and Disarming          28
LED Indicators and Tones      28
GPS Lock                      28
Preflight Checks              29
Manual and Automatic Takeoff  32
Manual and Automatic Landing  33
FPV System Operation          34

Flying Mapping Missions       35
Takeoff Checklist             35
Initiating                    35
Monitoring                    35
Failsafes                     36

                                  20
Safety                                                                                      Propeller  Spinning propellers can cause serious injury. The safety
                                                                                                       button indicates the status of the motor to help you
To ensure safe and successful flying, familiarize yourself with the safety information      ~          prevent hazardous contact with the Aero's high-speed
on this page. Always fly in accordance with your location regulations and these best                   propeller.
operating practices.                                                                        ····
                                                                                                              When the Aero is powered on, the safety
Before you fly, determine the boundaries of your safe flying area. If the Aero moves                         button will blink red, indicating that the motor
outside the designated area or exhibits instability in flight, switch to fly-by-wire mode                    is inactive and the propeller is safe to handle.
and land the plane manually. Always be ready to regain manual control of the plane
in the event of an unsafe situation.                                                                          When you're ready to fly, press and hold the safety
                                                                                                              button until it shows solid red. This indicates that
The Aero will not avoid obstacles on its own, including during missions. As the                               the motor is armed and the propeller will spin if the
operator, it's your job to recognize and avoid obstructions while flying. When                                throttle stick is raised. To make the propeller safe
planning missions, ensure that the selected altitude is appropriate for all                                  to handle again, press and hold the safety
geographical features of the area, including terrain.                                                         button until it blinks red.

Location                   0       Always fly below 400 ft (120 m) and within your visual
                                   line of sight. Don't let the Aero get too far away from
f,/ ;II"                   0       you; make sure you can always see its orientation.
                                   Don't fly in low light, rain, or other conditions that
              visual line   400ft  might impede visibility.
              of sight     (120m)
                                   Always fly at least 5 miles (8 km) away from airports
                                   and other areas where pilots operate manned              A          You can find more safety tips throughout these instructions
                                   aircraft.                                                           where you see this yellow box.

a0 0

0 0 {iii} I ll100ft(30ml   I·l··l  Always fly at least 100 feet (30 m) away from
                                   people, vehicles, and buildings. Make the safety
                                   of people and property your first priority!

                                                                                                                                                                     21
Aircraft Operation
Components

 left wing                                         nose                                                                                                             rudder
tail boom                                                                                                                                                           elevator
                                                 s.'~----------~ body
                                                                                                                Aero tail
                                                                                                    right wing
                                                                                                    motor

                                            4~~

                                                   tail

           airspeed sensor                                                         video system compartment
    battery compartment                                                            (above battery compartment)

electronics compartment                                                                  ~
               (under wings)
                                                                                                                                  ground station radio
                              left aileron              right aileron

                                            --~~~

                                            Aero (top)                                                                                                  controller

If the terms above are unfamiliar to you, visit 3DR.com/Aero-M, and dive into the
exciting world of planes with our Introduction to Flying Fixed-Wing Aircraft.

                                                                                                                                                                              22
 Tail                                                                                         Turn the plane over and insert the provided tail screw into the horizontal
 Slide the horizontal stabilizer into the vertical stabilizer along the orange groove.        and vertical stabilizers.
 Make sure not to stress any of the components on the tail.
                                                                                                                                      1(i) .~.- -
r---1->>

Horizontal stabilizer

                                                                                              ~--.....-

                                                                                                                                      1I         Tail screw

                     It_~_ ,r                          .                                      Tail assembly (underside)
                                         __,_J.._.:;_
                        \, ·,~-i~\11.;;;»              "{
                         .....

Vertical stabilizer                                        Complete tail assembly

On the top of the horizontal stabilizer, open the blue clasp at the end of the servo rod. Insert the pegs on the clasp into the open
space in the servo horn, and close the clasp. Slide the blue rubber ring over the clasp to secure it in place.

                                                                                        --.-                                          .. -,...·
                                                                                                                                          A
clasp                                                                                                                                  "'

                                                           ~

                                                           servo horn

                                                                                                                                                                          23
Wings                                                            Locate the two cables inside the electronics compartment marked AILE. Connect these
Attach a wing onto each side of the spar. Do not twist the wing  cables to the two cables on the wings marked AILE. (Either of the wing cables can
or the spar so as not to stress the foam.                        connect to either of the plane cables; the order doesn't matter.)

      -----~-

.~..

u--l  ,....----------,,~

~~-..-...,
         ~
L _).,_

Place the wings over the body of the Aero with the foam          Locate the four large rubber bands. Use the bands to    Repeat on the other short side with the remain-
squares fitted into the matching space in the electronics        secure the wings to the body of the Aero by the four    ing two rubber bands, resulting in two pairs of
compartment. Make sure not to pinch the AILE cables.             orange knobs on the body around the wings.              opposing right triangles.

                                                                 Attach two of the bands to the two knobs on one of the
                                                                 short sides and opposite knobs on the opposing side.

-+·      ~·-~,·                                                                                       2

         c-j _,                                                  r,.,;?:3 4
         ~~-'                                                                                  tit_, ·
                                                                           [~'~
         I

                                                                                                                                                                          24
Propeller                                                                 Remove the nut and the washer from the motor, add the propeller with the writing on the
Locate the rings inside the propeller package. Remove the ring with       propeller facing towards the nose of the plane, add the washer and the nut over the propeller,
the second-largest internal diameter, and insert it into the back of the  and tighten the nut.
propeller hub.

                                                                          ··~

                                                                                                                                                                          25
ControLs                                                                                        yaw left

Fly the Aero manually using the RC controller.                                                  ~q~~ :7:"·~~.                            /-~~~                    Turn left.
                                                                                                -<r2J ',I ,,                                         .#"'         Turn right.
                                                                                                '"'+""'T~/  \  !  \                ji
                                                                                                                                           .............._.,
                                                                                                               \         "'"'~:_· ll
                                                                                                                                       ~ ,l~
               throttle                                                      pitch              yaw right
                                                                                                  ;::""-+~,.                                      '"'o/il\
    ~~                                                              ~~t~
                                                                                                 +·~~\~
.-{fyaw [§]]}                                                      +{[§]-]~'\~roll                  -~·
     ~···~t/ /;                                                      ~-~>-.±-·_/)

Throttle:            Move the left stick forward and backward to control the motor.             roll left                              ___ '__,,.,-----___.;~     J Roll left.
Yaw:                 Move the left stick horizontally to turn left and right using the rudder.
Pitch:               Move the right stick up to pitch down and down to pitch up.                                     4~,,
Roll:                Move the right stick left and right to control the bank angle.
                                                                                                        -~1-

                                                                                                         ~-''':ctcf"P/

                                                                                                roll right                             ~ ---=::t:--               Roll right.

                                                                                                ()(~

throttle up              ·  ~I~~ · -_ _ j,_";< ,_                  Increase motor speed.        roll and pitch center                     --~~--.'r'!;7·b...
                                                                                                               ,,:-4~                                         --
~~}                                 0                                                                                                                             Automatically level.
                                                                                                       ~1-[B+.] J\                          ··········            Pitch up.

throttle down                                                                                                                          ,_ ~~
                                                                                                                                                '-..·~·~ .
                                                                                                pitch up

                         · · ·-~~w--"-"'... .:<t.._!_.;;......~;~  Decrease motor                           ..;"J+\:-\'  ~··'f~c;.,
                                                                   speed.
                                                                                                                            7;\

throttle fully down         ~-'-~"'~"~'-"-'-'-.··.:?%,...          Stop motor.                  pitch down                             -* -- -~t--·!.,~.~         Pitch down.
                                                                                                                                                      .
{~~j                               ···                                                                  ,. _A_ '

       '                                                                                            "\J¥1/

                                                                                                                                                                                        26
Modes                                                                                                     To select a flight mode:

Auto - fly a mission                                                                                      First, set the GEAR/MIX switch to select a set of modes. Then use the
Fly an autonomous mission. This is the mode that the Aero will use to create the map.                     FLAP/GYRO switch to 0, 1, or 2 to select a specific mode.

Fly by Wire - assisted manual control                                                                     With GEAR/MIX set to GEAR,
Let the autopilot manage the control surfaces, and navigate based on where you want the Aero
to fly. Fly-by-wire mode* (FBW) is the easiest way to fly and is the recommended mode for new             set FLAP/GYRO to:           0 for Manual
operators.                                                                                                                            1 for Stabilize
*ArduP/ane mode FBWA                                                                                                                  2 for Loiter

Return to Launch (RTL) - recall to launch point                                                           With GEAR/MIX set to MIX,
Command the plane to circle over the launch point. The Aero will return to the position where it
acquired GPS Jock and enter into a circle pattern at an altitude of 100 meters.                           set FLAP/GYRO to:           0 for Auto
                                                                                                                                      1 for Fly by wire
Loiter - circle                                                                                                                       2for RTL
Activate GPS-positioned circling; the Aero will enter into a circle pattern with a radius of 60 meters
at the current altitude. Move the right stick to adjust the position of the circle.                                                   GEAR/MIX selects the set of modes.

Stabilize - stabilized manual control                                                                                                  FLAP/GYRO selects the specific mode, either 0, 1,
Stabilize mode provides manual control with an added autopilot safeguard: Release the right stick                                     or 2.
and the Aero will automatically return to a level flying orientation. Use stabilize mode for the freedom
of manual control with return-to-level stabilization.

Manual - full manual control
Fly with fine-tuned manual control without autopilot assistance. Manual mode gives you the most
direct input to the control surfaces, resulting in precise in-flight adjustment. Try manual mode if
you're an experienced RC plane operator.

                                                                                                          RC controller (top)

                                                                                                                                                                                 27
Armin~ & Disarmin~                                                                 LED Indicators

Arming and disarming are important steps that must be completed before             ············  Initializing, please wait
takeoff and after landing to activate and deactivate the motor, respectively.                    Acquiring GPS, please wait
                                                                                                 Armed, GPS locked
Before arming, check the status LED. The LED will flash blue while                               Loss of RC signal, automatic landing
the Aero acquires GPS; this can take a few minutes. Once you see
the green LED, the autopilot has acquired GPS lock.

··· ·    Initializing, please wait.                                                              ))J Low battery, automatic landing
··· ·    Acquiring GPS lock, please wait.
····     Autopilot ready, GPS locked                                               · ))J Loss of GPS signal, switch to fly-by-wre
                                                                                                                    System error, see troubleshooting guide

'-··

To arm the motor, press and hold the safety button until it                        Tones
displays solid red.
                                                                                   Visit 3DR.com/Aero-M to listen to Pixhawk's status tones.
To disarm, press and hold the safety button until it displays
blinking red.                                                                      GPS Lock

                       ~·fP'                                                       Auto, RTL, and loiter modes requires GPS lock. When powered, the autopilot will
                                                                                   automatically search for GPS lock. The position of the Aero when the autopilot acquires
 ~~¢"i""" ·· ""ety billtoc                                                         GPS will be saved as the home position, and used as the coordinates for the launch
                                                                                   point during RTL. If you plan to use auto, RTL, or loiter modes during your flight, ensure
      0 e0e   Inactive, motor disarmed                                             that the Aero is located at a suitable launch point when powered, and the autopilot
      e e ee  Active, motor armed                                                  acquires GPS lock before takeoff, indicated by a blinking green status LED.

      A  The arming and disarming procedures ensure that you can safety start and
         stop the motor without risk of injury.

         The Aero's motor can spin when armed! Do not place your hands in the
         way of the propeller while the safety button is active (solid red).

                                                                                                                                                                               28
Before each flight, perform a physical component check, center of gravity check, and control checks in both manual and stabilize
modes. If any of the components or assemblies in these checks are not secure, tighten the screws or use CA glue (super glue) to
secure the components to the foam.

Examine the Aero to ensure that all components are secured in flight configuration.     3
                                                                                        With the battery connected and the lid secured, check that the Aero is correctly
» Check that the wings, tail, and tail boom are fully assembled and securely attached.  balanced for flight. Hold the Aero with one finger on each of the clear, plastic balancing
» Check that the propeller is secured tightly to the motor.                             points shown below. These points indicate the Aero's center of gravity.
» Check that the servo rods are secured to the servo horns with the blue clasps.
                                                                                                       I

                              I

                                                                                        If the plane balances on your fingers, then the center of gravity is correct. If
                                                                                        it won't balance, adjust the position of the battery until you can balance the
                                                                                        plane on two fingers as shown below.

tail servos  wing servos

2

Check that the airspeed sensor is secured to the side of the Aero an.d the
tube is free from obstructions.

--.. ~..     airspeed sensor                                                            Flying the plane without the camera will affect the center of gravity. If you
          )                                                                             choose to fly without the camera, make sure to re-balance the center of
                                                                                        gravity.

                                                                                                                                                                                    29
Before flying, power and arm the Aero on the ground and complete these checks to verify that the control surfaces respond correctly to the control inputs. Place
the plane on the ground. and set the mode switches to select manual mode. Move each of the sticks as shown, and check for the corresponding movement of
the motor or control surfaces.

Raise the throttle slightly until the motor spins, then                            3
immediately set the throttle back to fully down position.                          Roll left

                                                                                                                                                                  Left aileron tilts up, right
                                                                                                                                                                  aileron tilts down.

(@)O        ---~~ Motor spins.

                         411~                                                      0<&~~-
                                                                                                                            ~~
          Do not raise the throttle more than just enough to spin the motor while                                                                                 Left aileron tilts down.
          the plane is on the ground, and do not place your hands in the way of                                                                                   right aileron tilts up.
          the propeller while the motor is armed.
A

2                                                                                  4                                                                              Rudder tilts left.
Pitch down                                                                         Yaw left
                                                           Elevator tilts down.
0®                                                                                 >0

Pitch up                                                                           Yaw right

                                                                                                                                                                  Rudder tilts right.

                                                           Elevator tilts up.

                                                                                                                                                                                                30
Set the mode switches to stabilize, and hold the plane in front of you. Move the plane as shown, and
check for the stabilization response from the control surfaces.

Test: Tilt the plane left.                                                                            2
Result: Left aileron tilts down, right                                                                Test: Tilt the plane down.
aileron tilts up.                                                                                     Result: Elevator tilts up.

Test: Tilt the plane right.                                                                           Test: Tilt the plane up.
Result: Left aileron tilts up, right                                                                  Result: Elevator tilts down.
aileron tilts down.

                                                                                                                                    31
Automatic Takeoff                                                                                              Takeoff

Auto-takeoff works by sensing the movement of the plane and launching it in that                    If you're new to planes, we recommend having a friend help you launch the
direction. Set the Aero to autonomous mode when you're ready to launch.                             Aero. Have your friend throw the Aero while you control the controller.
Find a launching area with at least 100 feet of clear space in front of you. Face into
the wind, and hold the body of the Aero in one hand under the center of gravity. Be                 We recommend setting the Aero to fly-by-wire mode for takeoff. Find a
careful not to place your hand in the way of the propeller!                                         launching area with at least 100 feet of clear space in front of you. Face
Hold the Aero above your head, run, and throw the plane at an upwards angle. The                    into the wind, and hold the Aero at the center of gravity. Raise the throttle
Aero will sense the throw, power the motor, and climb to the altitude specified by                  to center position to start the motor. Be careful not to place your hand in
the takeoff waypoint before starting the survey mission.                                            the way of the propeller!

               DO NOT WIND UP YOUR THROW; if the Aero senses any backwards                          Hold the Aero above your head, run, and throw the plane at an upwards
               momentum it will attempt to launch in that direction. Use only forward               angle.
               moment\.lm to throw to Aero!
                                                                                                    Once launched, the Aero will require immediate adjustment with the
                                                                                                    controller to navigate away from the ground and up to the desired altitude.
                                                                                                    Pitch up (right stick down) and add any other necessary controls based on
                                                                                                    wind, speed, and terrain.

                Automatic takeoff requires you to configure the takeoff angle during mission plan-                                                                                 32
                 ning. See page 18.

f"
Automatic Landin~                                                        Manual Landin~

To land automatically at the end of the mission, the Aero requires the   When you're ready to end your flight, follow these steps to land: -
mission to be configured with a specific pattern of landing waypoints
that gradually decreases the altitude so that the Aero can land safely.  » Fly a circle pattern above your landing area.
For instructions on configuring automatic landing, see page 18.          » Come in on a final approach, flying into the wind at

                                                                              an altitude of 20 to 40 meters.

                                                                         » When the plane reaches an altitude of 10 meters, set the throttle fully down to turn

                                                                              off the motor and glide down
                                                                             on a 15 to 20 degree down-pitch angle.

                                                                         A.  After stopping the motor at an altitude of 10 m, keep your thumb on the throttle
                                                                             stick in fully down position to ensure
                                                                             that the motordoes not accidentally spin during landing.

                                                                         » When the plane is one meter above the ground, pitch up (flare) to land the Aero on

                                                                              the body of the plane instead of the nose.

                                                                             wind direction

                                                                                                                                                                 33
FPV System Operation

If you selected to receive an optional FPV/OSD system, the components are pre-installed
into the Aero to transmit on-board video.

Parts                                                                                       2 Wire and power receiver
                                                                                            Attach an antenna to the receiver. Connect the AV output cable to either receiver AV OUT
             AV receiver                           Transmitter  Camera                      port. Connect the RC power cable to the receiver DC IN port, and attach a battery to the red
             Antenna          Battery connector                                             connector.
             Receiver cables
                                                                                            3 Prepare on-board components
             Batteries (2)                                                                  Connect a fully charged battery to the transmitter inside the compartment in the nose of the
                                                                                            plane. Remove the lens cap from the camera.
1 Charge battery
                                                                                                                                               ~~1----- Remove lens cap!
Charge both batteries before your first flight. Set the charger to LiPo and 1A Connect the
white battery connector to the 38 port, and connect the XT60-JST charger adapter to the     4 Viewing video
red battery connector and yellow                                                            When using a 3DR Black Pearl Monitor to view your video, set the mode to DIV (M button
charger connector.                                                                          changes modes), the channel to 8 (+ and - buttons); and the band to E (press the power
                                                                                            button to access the menu).
       LiPo  1A                                                                             For more information about configuring the FPV/OSD system, visit 3DR.com/Aero-M.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    34
     Flyin~ Mappin~ Missions                                                       lnitiatin~

     Takeoff Checklist                                                             For automatic takeoff, set the Aero to auto mode and launch according to the
                                                                                   instructions in the Automatic Takeoff section of these instructions (page 33).
     Before flying the mission, check the following:
                                                                                   For manual takeoff, set the Aero to auto mode after takeoff to initiate the mission
     " Camera is on with mission script ready and is secured into the              in flight.
                   mount with the mini-USB cable connected and the cap removed.
     " Aero is powered and connected to the ground station with all pre-flight

                   checks passed.

     » The survey mission has been adjusted to account for present
                   environmental conditions and saved to the Aero.

     Monitorin~                                                                                                      Actions

     Monitor the Aero closely during the mission using your line of sight and the
     Mission Planner Flight Data screen.

     Mission Planner Flight Data: Attitude                    Status               2                                                                          2
                                                      2                                                                                                       3
     1 Heading direction
     2 Bankangle                                      3                                                              1 Change waypoints or restart a mission
     3 Altitude (black) and rate of climb (blue bar)                                                                 2 Change modes
     4 Ground speed                                                                                                  3 Change altitude
     *Failsafe behavior enabled
                                                                                                                     Flight Map

                                                                                   3

                                                                                   4

                                                      45                                                                                                      1
                                                                                                                                                              2
                                                                                   6
                                                                                                                                                              3
                                                            Ground station signal  4 Distance to current waypoint >                                           4
                                                         2 GPStime
                                                         3 Currently                   current waypoint number                                                                   5
                                                                                   5 GPS status
                                                            enabled mode           6 Battery status*                                                                             6

                                                                                      Full battery: 16.8 V           1 Current heading                        4 Actual iiighi path
                                                                                      Low battery failsafe: 13.8 V   2 Direct path to current waypoint        5 Latitude, longitude
                                                                                                                     3 GPS-reported direction of travel       6 Altitude
                                                                                   & End your flight at 14 V!

                                                                                                                                                                                     35

I"-
FaiLsafes

The Aero is programmed with a set of failsafe behaviors to prevent a crash in the event of a loss
of one of the data or communication channels required for autonomous flight. Although certain
failsafe have assigned LED indicators and tones, it is unlikely that you will be able to see these at a
distance. Monitor the Flight Data screen for failsafe indications. If a failsafe is triggered, the assigned

behavior will activate. To override the failsafe behavior (RTL in most cases), use the controller to

regain manual control.

Regaining Manual Control
To regain manual control during the mission, switch to fly-by-wire mode using the controller. If
you're a confident operator, switch to stabilize mode. If you observe instability in the Aero's flight
behavior or it the aircraft moves outside your designated safe flying area, switch to RTL. Turning off
the controller will automatically trigger an RTL and can be used in an emergency situation as a hard
recall command.

RC Controller Signal Failsafe                                                                                Low Battery Failsafe
Physical obstructions and interference from nearby wireless signals can affect the Aero's connec-            Environmental conditions can affect power consumption. Use the Mission Planner Flight Data
tion with the RC controller.                                                                                 display to monitor the voltage of the battery during flight.
                                                                                                             If the battery reaches 13.8 V, the Aero will return automatically to circle above the launch point,
If the Aero loses contact with the controller, it will return to the launch point automatically and          indicated by a blinking yellow status LED and a quick repeating tone.
enter into a circle pattern above the launch point, indicated by a blinking yellow status LED.
                                                                                                                0000~
If the controller failsafe is triggered, wait for the Aero to return to the launch point, then regain
manual control and either land or restart the mission.

,0000.;r·..·· -.:-:.;_~-:..
        .......

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  36
3 Process              38
                       38
On-Site Quality Check  38
Spot Check
Download Images        39
Download Log File      40
Pix4D Rapid Check
                       40
Full Processing

                           37
Download La~ File

Pix4D uses the GPS data from the Aero's log file to georeference the images. To download the Aero's
dataflash log, power the Aero and connect to Mission Planner. The download process will be faster if
you connect the micro-USB cable directly to Pixhawk's micro-USB port instead of connecting using
the ground station radio. (When connecting directly to the Aero, set the rate to 115200.)
On the Flight Plan screen, select the DataFJash Logs tab under the heads-up
display, and select Download DataFJash Log over Mavlink.

Mission Planner: Flight Data heads-up display

                                                                                                          Mission Planner: Download Logs  Program Files: Retrieve log file

The Log window shows the Aero's recent flights. Select the flight for your
mission, and select Download These Logs. This will save the log file to your
computer in the location displayed under the list of flights.

To retrieve the log file, access your computer's file structure under Program Ales/Mission Planner/Jogs/
PLANE, and select the .log file for the date of your flight.

                                                                                                                                                                            39
Pix4Dmapper Rapid Check: Create Proiect

Open Pix4D Mapper, and create a new project.  2                                                                      3
                                                                                                                     After adding the images, select From File to add the geolocation data from the Aero's log file. In the
                                              Select Aerial Nadir as the project                                     pop-up window, select 3D Robotics Flight Log as the file format, and upload the dataflash log file
                                              type.
                                                                                                                     downloaded from Mission Planner.

                                              ___,".".',".".",.'"-,.,....,._.,,..=..,..,..t..-""*"'                                                                                        -                                                  fie~ IJ!H~ciclcsFY:W12 ... !I  I

.JiiRobotics                                  I· ,_.,... ___..=--......- ..f-=< I                                    i:oolo;1o~S-                                                                                                             ""-~=<;~=] i =-J~I =---I I
  UAV TECHNOLOGY
                                                 _:1!'.._ _ _ £...........- . . . - 4 _ , . , ...._ , . . . , - _ ,  0 n-'l'»il.lo-.:~""""'19:li;~5rot::ooW>2>1H
~,HelP 6itiiti&jioulj uj,gi-a(/8,
                                                -.., ~c.·;.;;..:to.;.o;.:·;;···
                ~;!!.:li
                                                       ~..,c,~__,__,"""_

                                                t:c,..,.:.&.o<.,""""""""'

Pix4Dmapper Rapid                             Processing

                                                                                                                                                                  Quality

After creating the project, select the Local Processing screen (Process menu). Check the                             SUmmary .ttl~l
option for Initial Processing and Rapid Check. Uncheck all other local processing options, and
select Start.                                                                                                        1 ~role~
                                                                                                                       Fmcesse<t
f:{iLlrwrn!Pr~   i;:02.P'*!t0~.xl~bon                                                                                  C::inMuaname::                                                      9.3an
(jF..:II~'.q,~~                                                                                                        ~~-~f!lpfi~-~~{~):                                                  0.5919kl'l'iZ1~~79:_16tlafO~.sq..mi
                                                                                                                                                                                           WGSll4
                                                                                                                       Outputeoo«iilal:e SJStem;                                           WGS84
                                                                                                                       Pro<essU1o~                                                         WGSS4; U1lf zone 32fl
                                                                                                                       Timef«iniiaf~~~~                                                    ~-<~:_1}.ae~~r
                                                                                                                                                                                           24m:G1s

Pix4D will generate a Quality Report that will indicate if the images are of sufficient quality to                   -                                            median of 31313 ke!P(Iints- per image
create a map.
                                                                                                                                                                  0.43%-._,.._._· ...,_ _1270011...127.......""""""'1""""l.al...............

                                                                                                                                                                  1 GCP:s (730}, 0J)45 m:

Full Processing

To complete full processing for the map, visit support.pix4d.com for instructions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                40
              Appendix                       42
                                             43
              Aerial Imaging Concepts        45
              3DR EAI                        46
              Image Quality Troubleshooting
              Operational Troubleshooting

                                                 41

-~..,.,--,·"
Aerial lma~in~ Concepts

Understanding key concepts in aerial images can help you understand the mission planning process and create better maps.

Distance-Based Imaging
By default, the camera captures only the images required to create the map. The Pixhawk monitors the distance traveled by the aircraft and sends
a command to the camera to capture an image at the distance interval specified by the camera trigger distance parameter (CAM_TRIGG_DIS7). This
parameter is set by the Mission Planner Survey tool during survey configuration by calculating the minimum distance between images based on the
parameters specified for the survey (altitude, overlap, sidelap). This distance-based imaging allows for more precise data collection, resulting in less
images and data storage cost. Once configured, the Survey tool creates an event at the start of the mission script (after takeoft) to set the camera
trigger distance to the specified interval and an event at the end of the mission (before landing) to reset the camera trigger distance to 0.

Time-Based Imaging
The camera is also equipped to capture images at a consistent time interval instead of using distance. This function can be useful if you want to
capture images over an area without planning a mission. This time-based imaging results in more images per area, and therefore more processing
time and storage cost. See the Trigger Type options on page xx to enable time-based imaging.

Overlap and Sidelap
To capture images for the map, the aircraft flies a lawnmower-like pattern in strips across the survey site. The front-to-back overlap between
sequential images is called overlap; the side overlaps of adjacent pictures in different strips is called sidelap. The overlap and sidelap parameters
in the Survey tool (see Advanced Options page xx) determine the distance between images and the number of images to be captured based on
the projected ground area that each image will cover, called a footprint. Increasing overlap and sidelap improves the accuracy of the map while
increasing flight time and processing time.

                                                                     ~~                                ·.

                                                                    .·..~·'· ',."~' ·· .''.'.  L-~---2-:s-----.::"

                                                                               :1': ....

                                                                 -~--~2:~----··_:,

In the Survey tool, Distance between Images shows the specified  Default overlap: 50%
camera trigger distance that will be assigned to the mission.    Default sidelap: 60%
You can also see the projected image footprint size and the
total number of images to be captured.

                                                                                                                                                          42
3DREAI                                                                                                  Script Menu
                                                                                                        The script menu allows you to change the parameters associated with the script itself, including
3DR EAI is based on KAP UAV Exposure Control Script v3.1: a great open-source project for kite and      changing the trigger mode and adjusting exposure. To open the script menu, stop the script and
UAV aerial photography.                                                                                 select the FUNC. SET button. These parameters are configured for the S100 and do not require
                                                                                                        adjustment as part of standard operation.
Start and Stop Script
Ensure the camera is set to P (program) mode before powering the camera. Upon startup, 3DR EAI
starts automatically and listens for commands from the autopilot, indicated by waiting for USB signal.
To stop (and re-start) the script, press the shutter button. The script will display INTERRUPTED when
stopped.

Script start: waiting on USB signal                                                                        Script menu
Script stopped: INTERRUPTED FINISHED
                                                                                                        Trigger Type
                                                                                                        This parameter allows you to control how the camera captures images. Trigger type defaults to USB
                                                                                                        for distance-based imaging during mapping missions. For time-based imaging, select Interval and
                                                                                                        specify the length in the Shot Interval parameter.

                                                                                                        Trigger Type default: USB (mapping)
                                                                                                        Variable intervalometer: Interval (default to 2 seconds, specified by Shot lnterva~

CHDKMenu
The CHDK menu contains all the standard options provided with CHDK. To access the CHDK menu,
stop the script and select the MENU button.

                                                                                                        Script menu: Trigger Type

                                                                                                        Memory Reset
                                                                                                        If the battery is lett out of the camera for too long, the camera will reset its memory. To re-configure
                                                                                                        the camera in this case, visit 3DR.com/Aero-Mfor instructions.

CHDKmenu                                                                                                Online Resources and Information
                                                                                                        Visit 3DR.com/Aero-Mfor links to updates, more information about KAP UAV. and full CHDK
                                                                                                        instructions.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  43
lma~e Quality Troubleshootin~

If you observe poor image quality during the spot check or if you receive error
messages during processing, use the settings below to troubleshoot the image quality.

Blurry Images
To correct motion blur, adjust the shutter speed using the Target Tv parameter in the script menu.

Target Tv (shutter speed) default:           1/1250
To correct moderate motion blur:             Set to 1/1600.
To correct severe motion blur:               Set to 1/2000.

Overexposure                                                                                            Example image: motion blur   Script menu: Target Tv
If the images are overexposed but do not show any motion blur, it can be due to flying in extremely     Example image: overexposure  Script menu: ND Filter
bright conditions. To correct this, set the Allow use ofNO filter parameter to YES in the script menu.

Allow use ofND filter default:               No
To correct overexposure:                     Set to Yes.

Processing Errors
If you receive errors from Pix4Dmapper regarding the images, dataset, or matching points, increase
the overlap and sidelap during survey configuration to improve the quality of the image set.

Overlap default:                             50%
Sidelap default:                             60%
To improve processing:                       Set overlap to 60% and sidelap to 70%.

                                                                                                        Mission Planner Survey tool Advanced Grid Options: Overlap and Sidelap

                                                                                                                                                                                44

..""·-~·  -                     ---~---,_~-
-.~
Operational Troubleshootin~                                                      2 Take a distance-triggered test image on the ground by manually setting
                                                                                     the camera trigger distance parameter to 1 m.
No Images Captured
1 If the camera did not capture any images during the mission, first perform a   Power the aircraft and connect to Mission Planner. Select Config/Tuning and
                                                                                 Full Parameter List. Change the CAM_ TRIGG_DIST parameter to 1, and select
   physical inspection on the Aero.                                              Write Params. Now carry the Aero for a few meters to see if the autopilot
                                                                                 triggers the camera.
           Is the mini-USB cable connected to the camera's USB port?
                                                                                 Mission Planner Full Parameter Ust: Set CAM_TRIGG_DIST to 1.
Camera (side)

Are the AUX OUT 6 pins connected on Pixhawk?

.... .._li!:il8765~3.2l~
..... ._ "      " .." '.. . . -         AUX OUT 6: black(-), red (+), white (s)
.r · · · · '· +~· .. · · · " .. · · 0-
                ~
.. : .· ... :. ·. ·0· . ... s_

Pixhawk (side)

Is the camera battery charged? Unlock the SD card to view the Canon's
battery level indicator.

Camera with SD card unlocked, running Canon software

                                                                                                                                                              45
                 Appendix D

X8+ Maintenance

In order to maintain the continued safe operation of the X8+ platform and to maintain it running
at its optimal performance, we will maintain the X8+ aircraft at the following intervals:
If any part of the X8+ or its support equipment show signs of fatigue or damage, it will be
immediately grounded until the component has been properly replaced by PIC per manufacturer
recommendations.

  Every flight
-Inspect the batteries for any signs of damage or abnormality as well as operating voltage.
-Inspect motors for any signs of abnormal wear, rough movement, or contact.
-Inspect propellers for any cracks, debris, or abnormalities.
-Inspect main body and arms for any cracks or abnormalities.
-Clean dusty components with compressed air or a soft cloth.
-Perform Safety Check

  Every 30 days or 10 hours of flight (whichever comes first)
-Cycle flight batteries
-Perform Safety Check
-Run motors and observe for any wobble, abnormal sound or roughness.
-Inspect motor mounts and fasteners to ensure tight and secure.
-Inspect main body and arms for any cracks or abnormalities.
-Inspect all wires and connectors
-Inspect landing gear for cracks or wear
-Inspect condition and voltage of PIC controller and controller battery

Page 1 of 2
                                                               Appendix D

Annually or every 300 hours of flight (whichever comes first)
-Inspect motor mounts
-Replace motors
-Replace propellers
-Replace all flight battery sets
-Replace PIC controller battery
-Inspect and clean all electrical connections
-Check for firmware update
-Recalibrate magnetometer
-Inspect all wires and connectors
-Perform Safety Check
-Inspect landing gear for cracks or wear

Page 2 of2
                                                                                                 Appendix D

                                                              X8+ Flight Maintenance Procedures

         movement or contact
Inspect Propellers for any cracks, debris, or
abnormalities
Inspect main body and arms for any cracks or
abnormalities
Clean dusty components with compressed air or
soft cloth
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ·-  --------------

                                                                                       Appendix D

                                            X8+ 10 hour/30 Day Maintenance Procedures

abnormal sound or ro ness
Inspect motor mOqnts and fastners to ensure tight

     secure

Inspect landing gear for cracks or wear
                        and voltage IJfJ?tCcontrol

Perform Safety Check
                                            Appendix D

X8+ Annual/300 HOUR Maintenance Procedures
                    Appendix E

Aero-M Maintenance

In order to maintain the continued safe operation of the Aero-M platform and to maintain it
running at its optimal performance, we will maintain the Aero-M aircraft at the following
intervals:
If any part of the Aero-M or its support equipment show signs of fatigue or damage, it will be
immediately grounded until the component has been properly replaced by PIC per manufacturer
recommendations.

  Every flight
-Inspect the batteries for any signs of damage or abnormality as well as operating voltage.
-Inspect motor for any signs of abnormal wear, rough movement, or contact.
-Inspect propeller for any cracks, debris, or abnormalities.
-Inspect fuselage for any cracks or abnormalities.
-Clean dusty components with compressed air or a soft cloth.
-Perform Safety Check

  Every 30 days or 10 hours of flight (whichever comes first)
-Cycle flight batteries
-Perform Safety Check
-Run motor and observe for any wobble, abnormal sound or roughness.
-Inspect motor mount and fasteners to ensure tight and secure.
-Inspect fuselage for any cracks or abnormalities.
-Inspect main wing, vertical and horizontal stabilizers for cracks or warps
-Inspect all control linkages and connectors.
-Inspect all surface hinges for cracks or tears
-Replace main wing rubber bands.

Page 1 of2
                                                                              Appendix E

-Inspect condition and voltage of PIC controller and controller battery
Annually or every 300 hours of flight (whichever comes first)
-Inspect motor mount
-Replace motor
-Replace propeller
-Replace all flight battery sets
-Replace PIC controller battery
-Inspect and clean all electrical connections
-Check for firmware update
-Recalibrate magnetometer
-Inspect all control linkages and connectors
-Replace main wing rubber bands
-Perform Safety Check
-Inspect main wing, vertical, and horizontal stabilizers for cracks or warps
-Inspect all surface hinges for cracks or tears
-Inspect all movable surfaces for wear

Page 2 of 2
                                      Appendix E

Aero-M Flight Maintenance Procedures
                                                                                              Appendix E

                                                Aero-M 10 hour/30 Day Maintenance Procedures

Inspect fuselage for any cracks or abnormalities
Ins

Perform Safety Check
                                                                                               Appendix E

                                                Aero-M Annual/300 HOUR Maintenance Procedures

Replace all flight battery sets
Replace P1C controll~rbattery
Inspect and clean all electrical connections

Perform safety check
      )>
     '0
     '0

         ('!)

    ::c:;Jc..·

       'T1

·..~
