April 22, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11417
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0183

Mr. Michael Scott Dunn
dba Aerial Imaging Systems
523 Hickory Lane
Pendleton, SC 29670

Dear Mr. Dunn:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 23, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Aerial Imaging Systems (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography for the real estate, construction, and utilities
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Imaging Systems is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Imaging Systems is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

Michael Scott Dunn DBA Aerial Imaging Systems
523 Hickory Lane
Pendleton, SC 29670
864-314-0416
Email apachepilot1958@aol.com

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from
14 CFR 91.7(a);91.119 (c); 91.121; 91.151 (a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1)and (2);
91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Maam,
The petition is submitted by Michael Scott Dunn, DBA, Aerial Imaging Systems, who will hereafter be
referred to as the "petitioner". The majority of this request for exemption will be based on prior
Exemption No. 11138 issued to Mr. Douglas Trudeau, Realtor, issued by the Federal Aviation
Administration on January 6, 2015, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481. My request for exemption
will utilize the same make and model of UAS. I plan to perform the same type of operations, with
certain additions to be specified, as requested in Exemption No. 11138.
It is the request of the petitioner for exemptions listed above in order to legally and safely operate the
DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS, in the National Airspace System, for the purpose of Unmanned Aerial
Photography and Videography for the real estate, construction, and utilities industries for commercial
gain and enhancement of Public awareness of UAS operation, and finally enhanced safety for both the
General Public and Flight Crews.
The petitioner, Michael Scott Dunn, is a FAA certificated Airline Transport Pilot-(Rotorcraft),
Commercial Pilot Single and Multi-Engine Instrument Airplane; CFII-(Rotorcraft); and holds an
Airframe and Power plant Mechanic Certificate. The petitioner has over 4000 flight hours, with more
than 2500 hours in rotorcraft. The petitioner has extensive experience with remotely operated VLOS
Unmanned model aircraft with some 300 plus flight hours in single and multi-rotor UAS's. The
petitioner has owned a flight School, aerial photography business, a helicopter tour business, has held
Letters of Authority in good standing, and is currently a Base Aviation Manager and Lead Pilot for a
National EMS Air Ambulance Operator.
It is the petitioners position that the operations for which exemption is requested are safer and more
cost effective than using manned aircraft, and for those reasons are in the Public Interest; and would be
of benefit in identifying areas of operation that may need additional oversight as well as raising public
awareness and interest in this rapidly growing facet of aviation. (Reference Exemption No. 11138)

The petitioner will outline in this document:
1. Request for exemptions by Part and Subpart
2. Petitioners protocols and procedures for operations
3. Request for relief from Airport Proximity Limitation
4. The Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
5. The Public Interest

  1. REQUESTS FOR EXEMPTION BY PART AND
     SUBPART

    14 CFR 91.7(A)
    Prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. Petitioner requests
    exemption based on previous Exemption No. 11138. The FAA has ruled that this make and model of
    aircraft (UAS) does not require an airworthiness certificate.
    14 CFR 91.119(C)
    States that no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: over other than
    congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
    populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
    person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
The petitioner will never operate any UAS over an altitude of 300 AGL. The majority of the
operations proposed will operate around 100 to 150 feet AGL as this usually provides the best angle
of capture for the type of photography and videography operations proposed.

The UAS utilized for this exemption is of exceptionally light weight and is not capable of speeds over
30 knots. The UAS is equipped with GPS guided auto pilot with a return home function in case loss
of control by the PIC and is powered by sealed batteries thereby reducing the chance of post impact
fire to nearly zero.

There will be cases when the 500 foot to property will need to be exempted. (Example: Aerial Video
of a 2 story home roof to determine and/or document extent of storm damage.) In this type of
operation every assurance will be made to keep persons outside of a reasonable, safe, clear area of
operations and will only be conducted with the express permission of the property owner. See
protocols and procedures section.

The petitioner will implement procedures and policies to ensure that any person in the general
vicinity of operations will be aware of such operations and ensure that all non-essential personnel
are cleared of the area of operations. See Protocols and procedures Section 3.

The petitioner therefore requests relief in part from 14 CFR 91.119(C)

14 CFR 91.121

Altimeter Settings.

The petitioner requests relief from 91.121 for the following reason. The UAS is equipped with GPS
derived altitude capability, however due to the limited altitude requested in this exemption, the FAA
has previously granted Exemption for these types of operations. Reference Exemption No. 11138

14 CFR 91.151(a)

No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing
and, assuming normal cruise speeds

(a)(1)During the day to fly for at least 30 minutes.

The petitioner requests relief from 91.151(a) due to the fact that the UAS is equipped with a battery
and percentage indicator system. The UAS has a flight capability on full charge of approximately 20
to 25 minutes depending on camera usage and other variables. The petitioner has established that
the maximum flight will be 10 minutes on a fully charged battery. This constitutes landing with
approximately 50 percent fuel remaining. The petitioner believes that this follows the spirit and
intent of the rule with a great margin of safety.

No UAS operations will be conducted at night, as defined by Federal Aviation Regulations.

14 CFR 91.405(a)

Maintenance required;

The petitioner requests relief in part from 91.405(a)(1) based on the Protocols and Procedures
Section on Maintenance and Maintenance Records. Also reference Exemption No. 11138
14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)
Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration;
The petitioner requests relief from 91.407(a)(1) based on the Protocols and Procedures Section on
Maintenance, Return to service after maintenance, and Maintenance records. Reference
Exemption No. 11138
14 CFR 91.409(a)(1)(2)
Inspections;
The petitioner requests relief from 91.409(a)(1)(2) based on the Protocols and Procedures Section
on Inspections. Reference Exemption No. 11138
14 CFR 91.417(a)(b)
Maintenance records;
The petitioner requests relief from 91.417(a)(b) based on the Protocols and Procedures Section on
Maintenance records.

                            Aerial Imaging Systems

2. Protocols and Procedures for UAS operations.

A. Preflight
B. Area Security
C. Limitations of Operations
D. Airworthiness
E. Maintenance and Records
F. Pilot in Command Requirements
G. Visual Observer and Requirements
H. Reporting of Incidents and Accidents

   A. Preflight Inspection of UAS

    (1). Preflight of Unmanned Aerial System will follow the instructions on in the DJI instruction and
    User Manual. The Pilot in Command will certify that a preflight inspection has been
    accomplished with the date and time and signature in UAS logbook. The preflight shall include
the aircraft, transmitter, and batteries, motors, rotors, landing gear, and camera and gimbal
mount. As a part of the preflight the Pilot in Command will assure that weather conditions,
batteries, area security, and any other information essential to safe operation has been
obtained.

B. Area Security

    (1). The PIC of the UAS will ensure that the operational area for the purposes of UAS flight
    shall be cleared of all nonessential persons at all times the UAS is in flight. Additionally all
    nonessential persons shall be required to remain clear of the operations area by a minimum
    distance of 150 feet during operations. PIC shall ensure that clearly marked signs are posted
    at all ingress\egress points to the operations areas. These signs will be of white background
    with red lettering stating the following: "Unmanned aircraft operations underway. Please
    remain clear of this area during operations."

    (2). In the event of a breach of nonessential persons into the operations area during flight of
    UAS, the PIC shall immediately terminate flight operations until such time as the area can be
    cleared of such persons.

    (3). The UAS area of operation is defined as the Horizontal flight path(s) of the UAS as well
    as the Vertical flight path and Maximum altitude to be reached. Additionally the area
    between the UAS's current position and its Home location is also considered operational
    area as it will proceed direct to its home location in the eventual of loss of ground control.
    All nonessential persons will not be allowed within 150 feet of any part of the operational
    area during flight operations.

C. Limitations of Operations

      (1) The UAS shall be operated in Day time only, as defined by 14 CFR
      (2) UAS night operations are prohibited.
      (3) The UAS shall be operated by VLOS at all times
      (4) A Visual Observer shall be utilized at all times and must maintain VLOS at all times.
      (5) The UAS shall remain within 1000ft horizontal distance of the PIC at all times.
      (6) The UAS to be utilized is the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + Unmanned Aircraft System. No

           other systems will be operated.
      (7) The UAS will have an altitude restriction of 300ft AGL.
      (8) The UAS will not be operated at a speed exceeding 30 Knots.
      (9) Operations Documents will be accessible to the PIC at all times and must be accessible

           during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator of request.
      (10) PIC must inspect and ensure that UAS and ground control station is in airworthy

           condition prior to each operation; if determined un-airworthy, all operations will be
           suspended until such time as necessary maintenance has been performed and UAS is
           determined to be in a safe condition for flight.
(11) An operational flight test in required after any maintenance or alterations that may
    affect UAS operation or flight.

(12) UAS maintenance must follow Manufactures aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, and replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

(13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance and
    inspection, and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight
    hours, description of work performed, and the signature of the authorized person
    returning UAS to service.

(14) UAS must comply with all Manufacturers' Safety Bulletins.
(15) An authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action

    taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
(16) UAS must by operated by a PIC possessing at least a Private Pilot Certificate, with most

    appropriate Class and category and at least a current Third class Medical.
(17) PIC must meet the flight review requirements of 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which

    the PIC is rated.
(18) Prior to operations for which exemption is requested the PIC must have accumulated

    and logged , in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of
    total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours of UAS multi-rotor.
(19) Prior to operations PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a
    UAS pilot in make and model listed in exemption. PIC must log at a minimum 3
    takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days to meet currency requirements.
(20) PIC is required to operate the UAS with appropriate distances in accordance with 14
    CFR 91.119.
(21) No Private Pilot may operate UAS within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
    as denoted on a current FAA chart.
(22) Operations with 5 NM of an airport must be conducted by a PIC who holds at least a
    Commercial Pilot Certificate Rotorcraft and a current Second Class Medical.
(23) No operations are allowed in the surface areas of Class B, C, and D airspace.
(24) No operations are allowed if the return home function and\or autopilot are, or are
    suspected to be malfunctioning.
(25) UAS shall not be operated from a moving platform of any type.
(26) No operations shall be conducted with an appropriate Certificate of Authority issued by
    the Administrator.
(27) A Visual Observer shall be utilized at all times when operating the UAS.
(28) Should the PIC or Visual Observer detect that a manned aircraft is being operated in
    close proximity to the operations area, the UAS shall give right of way to the manned
    aircraft, and the PIC shall cease operations and land until such time as the manned
    aircraft has cleared the area.
(29) The UAS will not be operated any closer than 500 to any structure without the express
    permission of the structure owner.
D. UAS Airworthiness

(1). The PIC shall ensure that the UAS is in an airworthy condition before each flight.
Airworthiness shall be determined by a preflight inspection in accordance with DJI operating
documents and any and all applicable Federal Aviation Regulations, and any additional
requirements as defined by the Administrator. PIC shall document each preflight inspection by
date, Aircraft total Flight time to date, any discrepancies noted, and signature and certificate
number. Any discrepancy noted shall be addressed before UAS operation.

E. UAS Maintenance and Records

    (1). The operator shall maintain aircraft maintenance logbooks. Each UAS shall have its
    own and separate maintenance log book. DJI documents, handbooks, user manuals,
    supplements, Safety Bulletins, etc., shall be the only approved documents for performing
    repairs, maintenance, inspections, overhauls, or replacement of life limited components. A
    record of each preflight inspection will additionally be recorded in these logbooks. The
    preflight inspection must be conducted by the PIC for that operation. Preflight signoff shall
    include at least the following information: date of operation, Aircraft Total time, aircraft
    serial or operating number, PIC signature and certificate number.

    Example: Preflight inspection completed, No defects noted. 1-1-15, ACFTT 50.1 hours,
    UAS number 1, Scott Dunn ATP 3150000.

    (2). Any required maintenance, inspection, alteration or repair must be completed by an
    approved person. At the completion of this work the approved person must make an entry
    in the aircraft log book that at least includes: Date, Aircraft serial or operating number, brief
    description of the discrepancy, inspection, alteration or repair, the reference material used
    as guidance for the repair, statement approving the aircraft for return to service, and
    signature of person who completed the work.

    Example: 1-1-15 UAS 1, ACFTT 50.1 hours, replaced number 3 rotor with new rotor, IAW
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual. Flight or ops check completed. Aircraft is approved for
    return to service. Scott Dunn

    (3). Maintenance records shall be kept with the UAS at all times and shall be made available
    to any authorized agency or the Administrator upon request.

F. Pilot in Command Requirements
    (1). The Pilot in Command shall hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate and a current
    Third Class Medical whenever conducting operations. Operator prefers that the Certificate
    be in the most appropriate class and category to the UAS being operated. In this case a
    Rotorcraft rating.
    (2). The Pilot in Command shall have at least 25 hours of rotorcraft UAV flight time before
    performing any operation for which exemption is requested.
    (3). The Pilot in Command shall have at least 5 hours in make and model before performing
    any operation for which exemption has been requested.
    (4).The Pilot in Command shall preform a pre-flight inspection before each flight is
    conducted.
    (5).The Pilot in Command shall observe all Federal Aviation Regulations at all times with the
    exceptions of the exemptions requested by the operator. In those cases the Pilot in
    Command shall adhere to company operating standards or Federal Aviation Administration
    Limitations placed upon exemptions, whichever is more stringent.
    (6). The Pilot in Command must hold a Commercial Pilot Certificate with Rotorcraft Class and
    Category and a current Second Class Medical to operate within 5 NM of an airport.
    (7). The Pilot in Command will not operate the UAS without a Visual Observer present.
    (8). The Pilot in Command must have 3 takeoff and landings within the preceding 90 days.
    (9). The Pilot in Command must maintain a record of flight information to establish currency
    and that he or she meets the requirements of this section.

G. Visual Observers: Responsibilities and Requirements

    (1). A Visual Observer shall be used during any and all operations of the UAS System.
    (2). The Visual Observer shall maintain communication with the PIC at all times during
    UAS operation.
    (3). The Visual Observer shall maintain Visual Contact with the UAS at all times. In the
    event that Visual Contact is lost the VO will notify the PIC who will immediately cease
    operations and land the aircraft.
    (4). The Visual Observer shall also help the PIC maintain area of operations security and
    ensure that all nonessential persons remain clear of the area of operations. In the event of
    a breach by unauthorized person(s) the VO shall notify the PIC and operations will cease
    immediately.
    (5). The Visual Observer shall also assist the PIC in looking for manned aircraft traffic near
    the operations area. If manned aircraft traffic is observed near the operations area, the VO
    will notify the PIC who will immediately cease operations and land the UAS.
   H. Reporting of Incidents and/or Accidents

         Any incident or accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported
         within 24 hours to:
         FAA UAS Integration Office (AFS-80)
         Accidents: National Transportation Safety Board

                        www.ntsb.gov.

  3. Request for Relief from Airport Proximity Limitation

The petitioner understands the FAA's concern for placing restrictions on the proximity a UAS can be
operated in relation to an airport. However, the petitioner believes that certain relief can be
granted in this matter based on the circumstances of the flight, altitude of the flight, area of the
flight in relation to traffic patterns and protected instrument approach corridors. Also, the size and
traffic of the airport certainly should be considered as a factor. The petitioner believes that pilot
qualifications, ratings, and aeronautic experience; as well as communication with the airport, any
ATC controlling facility, and aircraft in the area would fully mitigate any dangers. The petitioner also
believes that since many rural airports often host model and remote controlled aircraft clubs and
events without affecting normal operations, that measures could be put in place to ensure the
safety of operation and integration of UASs' in close proximity to certain airports. From a
commercial standpoint a great deal of potential opportunity is lost when an area of close to 78.5
square miles is off limits. As UAS operations become more prominent consumers will demand these
services closer to airport facilities. It would not be in the interest of aviation or the public in general,
to restrict these consumers from products or services because of their proximity to an airport. This
could cause a negative impact to both the consumer and the airport. The petitioner therefore
proposes the following reasonable restrictions that would ensure that the majority of these
consumers could be serviced and the safety of operation of manned aircraft could be assured.

As previously stated most operations in the Scope of this requested Exemption will be conducted at
100 to 150 feet AGL. Any manned aircraft operating in the vicinity of an airport should not be at
these altitudes over persons or property unless they are in the process of a take-off or landing.
Additionally they should be well aligned with either the approach or departure runway at these
altitudes.

The petitioner therefore requests relief in part from the 5 NM limitation concerning proximity to an
airport based on the following restrictions. Note: Class B, C, and D airports not included in this
relief request. Airspace must be E or G for relief to be requested.

1. Altitude restriction of 150 feet AGL within 3 to 5 Nautical miles of an airport.

2. Altitude restriction of 100 feet AGL within 1 to 3 Nautical miles of an airport.

3. No flight on the extended centerlines or 5 degrees to either side on any active or used runway
out to 2 Nautical miles from Airport reference point.

4. Notify airport of proposed time, distance and heading from airport of UAS operation.

5. Request issuance of NOTAM specifying UAS operations.

6. No flight within 1 NM of airport. This would mitigate the possibly of operating near the airport
Traffic patterns.

7. The PIC shall make "in the blind" broadcasts of UAS operations on the appropriate frequency
stating. "Unmanned Aircraft Operations underway. Distance and bearing from airport and operating
altitude".

8. The Pilot in Command of the UAS must be a Certificated Commercial Pilot with Class and
Category Rating most appropriate to the UAS for which the Exemption is granted. In this case.
Commercial Pilot Rotorcraft with a current Second Class Medical.

9. Anytime the PIC or Visual Observer has visual contact with a manned aircraft, or anytime an
aircraft requests, operations will be immediately suspended and UAS will descend and land
immediately.

10. Aircraft has onboard programmable altitude restriction capability to help mitigate the
possibility of inadvertent altitude deviation. This function must be used during operations within 5
nautical miles of an airport.

11. The dorsal (top) area of the aircraft will be painted a bright safety orange to increase visibility of
the aircraft from manned aircraft.
    The petitioner believes that these restrictions and requirements safely mitigate the potential
    hazards associated with operation near a small, low volume airport. In fact, the petitioner believes
    that this limitation would make this operation safer than many others that are conducted at these
    types of airports; to include: aerobatics training, parachute operations, and Amateur Radio
    Controlled Aircraft Clubs that are frequently located on these types of airports.
    The altitude restrictions requested would eliminate the possibility of a collision with manned aircraft
    as there is no reasonable circumstance where a manned aircraft should be at or near these
    altitudes, unless being on short final for approach or on departure. In fact the petitioner believes
    that any manned aircraft operating at, or near these altitude restrictions, other than on short final
    for approach or on departure, would be operating in a careless and reckless manner.
    Petitioner also believes that requiring that the PIC hold a Commercial Pilot Certificate of most
    appropriate Class and Category helps to ensure that the operator has the knowledge, aeronautical
    experience, radio communication skills, and ability to safely operate within close proximity to
    airports located in class E and G airspace.
    Petitioner also believes that in the highly unlikely event of a collision between a UAS and a manned
    aircraft that the damage possibility, is no more than that of a small sized bird strike due to the
    extremely light weight and size of the UAS. However, the petitioner should like to reiterate that the
    restrictions requested in this relief would make such a collision improbable, if not nearly impossible.

     4. The Unmanned Aircraft System UAS

    The petitioner will operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + UAS System. This shall be the only system
    operated by the petitioner. The Petitioner has attached the operating and user documents for the
    system as additional supplements for this petition. No modification to the factory system is to be
    utilized other than the dorsal surface area of the aircraft will be painted a bright safety orange to
    help manned aircraft see the unit while in flight. Please see attached supplemental documents.

    5. The Public Interest

The request for this exemption is in the Public Interest as it is safe to assume that there are many
consumer applications for the services that can be provided by UAS systems. It is clear that the
Congress of the United States, the business sector, and the consumer want to integrate Unmanned
Aircraft Systems into the National Airspace System and utilize their unique and cost effective
capabilities. It is also in the Public Interest that many of the low level flight operations now conducted
by manned aircraft could be accomplished with these light, fire resistant unmanned aircraft that can
operate at a fraction of the cost to both the operator and consumer. These aircraft can be operated
without risk of loss of life or limb, without significant financial impact to the operator or any person or
property on the ground in the event of the loss of an aircraft. Finally the petitioner believes that granting
this exemption would help to further by Administrators process of integration of UAS systems and
possibility help to create additional regulations and guidance to be used as these systems become more
widely utilized.

Please forward any questions or concerns to the address or email below.

Sincerely,

Michael Scott Dunn, DBA, Aerial Imaging Systems
523 Hickory Lane
Pendleton, SC 29670
apachepilot1958@aol.com
