July 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12171
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1736

Mr. Cody Claflin
Aerial Agronomics LLC
306 West Main Street
Sheldon, MO 64784

Dear Mr. Claflin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Agronomics LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics RTF X8 and Tarot 680Pro.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Agronomics LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Agronomics LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics RTF
    X8 and Tarot 680Pro when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S.  Department of Transportation   
Docket Management System   
1200 New Jersey Ave.,  SE   
Washington, DC 20590   
 
Aerial Agronomics LLC 
Cody Claflin 
306 West Main Street  
Sheldon, MO 64784 
4173210122 
 
May 1, 2015   
 
RE: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal 
Aviation Regulations   
 
To Whom It May Concern:   
 
Pursuant to  Section 333  of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FAA   
Reform Act') and  14 C.F.R. Part  11, Aerial Agronomics LLC (AALLC) requests an exemption 
from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") detailed below for the AALLC UAS. Aerial 
Agronomics would like to specifically request exemptions from 14 CFR 91.203, 14 CFR 91.9, 
14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b),  14 CFR 61.133,  14 CFR 91.109,  14 CFR 91.119,  14 CFR 
91.121,  14 CFR 91.151,  14 CFR Subpart E  (91.401 91.417).  
 
This petition for exemption is made based on information outlined in this Petition for 
Exemption, as well as the accompanying Aerial Agronomics LLC' UAS Flight Manual 
(hereinafter "AALLC' Flight Manual"), 3D Robotics RTF X8 UAS Manuals, and Tarot 680Pro 
Hexacopter Manuals (collectively referred to as "Manufacturer's Manuals"). AALLC submits 
these supporting materials as confidential documents pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b). 
 
AALLC is  submitting this petition on its own behalf. If the FAA requires any modifications to 
our proposed exemption request, Aerial Agronomics requests the opportunity to amend this 
petition to include any modifications the FAA may require before granting or rejecting the 
petition for exemption. Aerial Agronomics will amend its petition to meet any additional 
standards for the integration of small UAS operation into the NAS.  

 

 

 
 
 
 
The Petition is organized as follows: 

 

I Description of Petitioner 
II  Proposed Operation 
III  AALC Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Sect.   

         333 of the Reform Act 
         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and 
         Operational Capability 
         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth 
         in the Flight Manual 
IV   Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested 
         14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. § 
         91.203  
         14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness 
         14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14 
         14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and 
         Registration  
         14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and    Identification 
         Requirements  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings 
         14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions  
         14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2) 91.417(a) and (b): 
         Maintenance Inspections  
         14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations 
V  Public Interest 
    A. Privacy Concerns 
VI  Conclusion 
VII  Glossary of Terms 
VIII  Attachments 
    A. AALC Flight Manuals 
    B. Manufacturer's Manuals 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER 
         Aerial Agronomics is based in Lamar, Missouri, and was founded by Cody 

Claflin. Aerial Agronomics seeks to use the latest UAS technologies and analytic tools 
to help improve the quality, consistency, and yield of crops as well as help reduce the 
risks involved with a variety of dangerous inspections in the private sector (pipeline, 
tower, natural disaster). By coupling the latest in UAS technology with existing clientele 
between our partnerships with Natural Solutions and Legacy Farm and Lawn, Aerial 
Agronomics shows great promise in assisting farmers in the coming years. 

         The farmer's ability to gather and process information on the health of their crops 
is critical to ensuring the crop's uniform quality and potential yield. Aerial Agronomics 
UASs will allow the farmer to make informed, data based decisions, rather than 
subjective, reactive decisions. This decision making process allows today's farmers and 
growers to deploy their limited resources in a more efficient, effective, and 
environmentally sustainable manner. 

         The data collected will allow farmers to identify patches of diseaseridden vines 
and assists with water, irrigation, soil, pesticides and fertilization management. The 
ability to pinpoint and precision spray pesticides, rather than spray the entire field, 
reduces the risk of exposure to pesticide. This also helps mitigate the negative 
sideeffects on the local ecology from pesticides. 

         Aerial Agronomics is dedicated to providing technologically driven and innovative 
solutions to getting farmers and growers the information they need to make informed 
decisions that will allow them to produce better crops in a more sustainable and 
environmentally conscious manner. A variety of other potential uses for the Aerial 
Agronomics UAS lie on the horizon as well. Aerial Agronomics sees the potential of 
performing volumetric measurements for rock quarries. A UAS would also provide new 
perspective that is otherwise unseen by the human eye by utilizing near infrared 
imagery. To that end, Aerial Agronomics seeks an exemption to use UASs for 
agricultural survey, film production, property survey, aerial photography, pipeline survey. 
 

         Contact Information for Petitioner 
Cody Claflin, CEO 
Aerial Agronomics, LLC 
510 W 12th St 
Lamar, Mo. 64759 
4173210122 
 
 
 
 
II. EXPLANATION OF PROPOSED OPERATION
 

         AALLC's  UASs  are  multirotor  vehicles,  weighing  15  or  fewer  lb.  including  payload. 
They  operate  under  normal  conditions  at  a  speed  of  no  more  than  25  mph  and  have  the 
capability to  hover,  and  move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UASs 
are equipped  with  GPS and auto  return  to launch  capabilities.  The  UASs  will  be  operated by 
an  experienced  pilot  familiar  with  the  AALLC  UAS. The UASs will operate only in the visual 
line  of  sight (VLOS) of  the  PIC at all times and operations will utilize a visual observer (VO) at 
all  times.  Operations  will  take place  only within the area described in the Aerial Agronomics 
Aircraft Flight  &  Operations Manual, attached. Such operations will insure that the UASs will 
"not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public."  Reform  Act 
Section 333 (b)." 

         Given  the  small  size  of  the  UASs involved and the restricted and environment within 
which  they  will  operate,  our  application  falls  squarely  within  the  zone  in  which  Congress 
envisioned  that  the  FAA  must,  by  exemption,  allow  commercial  operations  of  UASs  to 
commence immediately. 

         The Aerial Agronomics Tarot 680 Pro Hexacopter (hereinafter "Tarot 680Pro") is a 
sixrotor UAS that has a total payload weight of 7.5 pounds, and is operated using a radio 
control 2.4 GHz transmitter, monitored using a Windowsbased ground control station, and 
connected via radio telemetry in the 915 MGHz band. Aerial Agronomics Tarot 680Pro can 
carry a payload of up to 5.29 pounds, and has been operated with a payload of 
highresolution DSLR cameras, infrared cameras, and video cameras for photography, 
videography, geospatial analysis and photogrammetry. 
 

         The 3D Robotics RTF X8+ (hereinafter "X8+) is a coaxial octocopter UAS that has a 
total payload weight of 1.8lbs and is operated using a  radio control 2.4 GHz transmitter, 
monitored using a Windowsbased ground control station, and connected via radio telemetry 
in the 915 MGHz band. The aforementioned crafts will herein be referred to as "AALLC UAS". 
 

         If the radio control link is lost, emergency failsafe is designed to prevent flyaway, to 
hover independent of GPS signal then perform a controlled descent. If GPS signal is 
sufficient, the aircraft can automatically return to the takeoff point. The flight control 
system can fly preprogrammed waypoints for photogrammetry yet respond 
immediately to pilot stick overrides in case of route adjustment or emergency. 
 

         Its radio control system incorporates telemetry which is displayed on the pilot's 
handheld controller and may be announced by voice. The AALLC UAS are optimized for 
aerial survey and incorporates safety features to reduce pilot workload. The Tarot 680Pro is 
less than four feet in diameter, made of carbonfiber reinforced polymer and is designed for a 
maximum takeoff weight of less than 12 pounds, with a flight time of approximately twenty five 
minutes. Maximum speed is about 55 MPH, but AALC treats this limitation as an emergency 
reserve, and plans no flying at greater than 25 MPH. The aircraft carries no flammable liquid 
fuel. System redundancies are described in the Manufacturer's Manual. 
 

         This request for an exemption would support a COA application to use the AALLC 
UAS for agricultural survey, film production, property survey, aerial photography, pipeline 
survey, and for monitoring damage in the event of a natural disaster.   
 

         AALLC has extensive operational experience in the United States and designed the 
AALLC UAS for topographic survey, aerial mapping, agricultural monitoring and high 
resolution photography and videography. AALLC staff members have assisted American 
research institutions in survey and supplemental aerial photography. 
 

         With the ever growing presence of UAS operations and their existence in the public 
eye, we realize that issues of safety and responsibility when operating any UAS are of the 
utmost importance. Aerial Agronomics is wholeheartedly in support of these missions and 
paving the way for future UAS operations in the national spotlight. Aerial Agronomics desires 
to operate small UAS platforms for both commercial and research purposes using the Flight 
Restrictions (FRs) listed in the following pages. 
 

         The AALLC UAS will be operated in accordance with the following FRs:   
 
     ·   Flight operations will occur only in Class E or Class G airspace   
 
     ·   Flight operations will occur at no more than 400 feet above ground level   
 
     ·   Flight operations will occur using an electric power source   
 
     ·   Flight operations will not risk the safety of the PIC or VO, or fly over any   
 
         members of the general public   
 
     ·   Flight operations will avoid congested or populated areas, which the FAA   
 
         designates as yellow on VFR charts   
 
     ·   Flight operations will be operated within VLOS, with one PIC and one ground  
 
         based VO within an audible distance of the PIC   
 
     ·   Flight operations will occur only during daylight hours   
 
     ·   Flight operations will not be conducted within a 5 NM radius from the center of   
 

         any FAA designated airport   

 

     ·   Flight operations will only be conducted with permission from the land owner   

 

     ·   Flight operations will comply with all NOTAMs and TFRs   

 
III. AALLC's PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 
333 OF THE REFORM ACT 

         The small UAS operations proposed by AALLC in this Petition for Exemption qualify 

for expedited approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory 

criteria and relevant factors are satisfied. 

 
A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational 
Capability 
 

         AALLC will only employ small UASs that meet the following characteristics to perform 
the operations described in this Petition for Exemption: 
 
 The unmanned aircraft ("UA") will weigh less than 20 pounds, including all equipment and 
payloads 
 
 The UA will not be flown at a speed in excess of 25 knots 
 
 The UA will not be flown at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL 
 
 All flights will be flown in such a way that they can be safely terminated with a reserve 
battery power of 20% of the battery's maximum charge 
 
 Altitude information will be generated by equipment onboard the UA as specified using 
GPS triangulation, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any combination 
thereof. This information will be transmitted to the pilot via telemetric data feed. 
 
 The UAS will have system redundancies and independent functionality to ensure the overall 
safety and predictability of the system. If connection to the remote control or ground control 
station is lost, failsafe systems will permit the UAS to return to a predetermined location and 
safely land without injury or damage. 
 
 The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS will comply with the 
Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate government oversight 
agency requirements. 
 
B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions described in the 
Flight Manual 
 

         The AALLC' Flight Manual and the Manufacturer's Manual for the selected UAS will 
contain all the procedures and limitations necessary to safely and successfully perform the 
operations specified in this Petition for Exemption. To assist the FAA in making a safety 
assessment of AALLC' proposed operations, below is a summary of operational limitations 
and conditions that will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted 
under current regulatory guidelines: 
 
1. The UAS weighs less than 10 pounds, fully loaded. 
 
2. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of a pilot, who will be PilotinCommand 
("PIC") of the UAS, and one or more Visual Observers ("Observer") as necessary to safely 
conduct the mission. 
 
3. The UAS shall be operated within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC and Observer at 
all times. The PIC must use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses. 
 
4. The Observer designated for any operation will be in constant voice contact with the PIC. 
 
5. The additional requirements identified in the exemption grant shall be added to the AALLC' 
Flight Manual. The Flight Manual will be maintained and made available to the Administrator 
upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the granted 
exemptions and the AALLC' Flight Manual, the conditions and limitations in the granted 
exemptions shall take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, AALLC' must follow the 
procedures outlined in their Flight Manual. 
 
6. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the amount of time the 
UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power of no less than 20%. 
 
7. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will never enter 
navigable controlled airspace without prior written authorization and approval from the FAA. 
 
8. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any nonparticipating 
persons, unless that person is in a position where he or she is shielded from the UAS and any 
possible debris resulting from UAS failure. Flight will be terminated if a nonparticipating 
person within 500 feet of the UAS leaves a shielded position. At no time will the UAS be 
conducted so close to persons or objects to present an undue hazard to the PIC or Observer, 
per §91.119(a). 
 
9. Flights will be limited to a speed of 25 knots. 
 
10. Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the UAS to confirm that it is in a condition safe for 
flight. The PIC shall not operate the UAS if the inspection reveals a condition that affects the 
safe operation of the UAS until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS 
is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station ("GCS") shall be 
included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly 
documented in the UAS records. 
 
11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or 
flight characteristics (e.g., replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo a 
functional test flight in accordance with AALLC' Flight Manual. The PIC who conducts the 
functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The 
requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and UAS record entry shall be 
included in the AALLC' Flight Manual. 
 
12. The UAS will be operated and maintained according to the Manufacturer's Manuals and 
any required manufacturer Safety/Service Bulletins. 
 
13. Prior to the operation, there will be a Mission Plan setting forth the operational limitations 
and conditions for the mission, as well as key personnel contact information and a description 
of any potential hazards on or in the vicinity of the survey site. 
 
14. AALLC will obtain an Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") issued Certificate of Waiver or 
Authorization, otherwise known as a COA, prior to conducting any operations under this grant 
of exemption. This COA will require AALLC to request a Notice to Airman ("NOTAM") with an 
appropriate ATC facility between 48 and 72 hours before the flight. 
 
15. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city 
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies. 
 
16. If the UAS loses communication with the pilot, it will have the capability to return to a 
predetermined location within the operational area and land safely. 
 
17. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of 
communication between the PIC and the Observer. 
 
18. The UAS will have the capability to safely abort flight in the case of unpredicted obstacles 
or emergencies. 
 
19. PICs and VOs will have at least a valid U.S. drivers license. 
 
20. Operations shall occur during daytime VFR Meteorological Conditions flights under 
special visual flight rules ("SVFR") shall not be conducted. 
 
21. The UA shall remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and 
activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, 
parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.). 
 
22. UAS Operations under Instrument Flight Rules, at night, or beyond VLOS are prohibited 
 

IV. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED 

 

STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS 
 

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This 
statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the 
Act,  including  UASs,  from  the  requirement  that  all  civil  aircraft  must  have  a  current 
airworthiness certificate. 
         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 
prescribed  under  subsection  (a)  or (b)  of this section or any sections 4470244716 of this title 
if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 
USC §44711(a) 49 USC §44704 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1). 

         Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether UAS 

may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the 

public, or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the Secretary must 

consider: 

· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
· Whether the UAS operates within the visual line of sight of the PIC 
· Whether the UAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from 

         close proximity to airports. 
Reform Act §333(a). If the Secretary determines that a UAS "may operate safely in the 
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe 
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c). 
 

14 CFR 21 Airworthiness Certificates   

         AALLC requests an exemption from Section 14 CRF Part 21  which requires the 

issuance of an Airworthiness Certificate for flight operation, while the FAA is still carrying out 

research and development for UAS  standards and regulation.   

 

         AALLC's Tarot 680 Pro Hexacopter multirotor aircraft weights only approximately 7.5 

pounds, and can carry a maximum payload of up to 5 pounds. It will not carry fuel or 

passengers, and will obey the operational requirements (FRs) outlined in the introduction to 

this exemption petition. We assert that the AALLC UAS, as compared to manned aircraft, 

significantly reduces the risk to crew, passengers, property, and the general public due its 

small size and FR outlined above. 

          

           Further, the UAS does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC, 

because those capabilities will be possessed by the PIC and Observer, who are not onboard 
the UAS. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA20140352 at 13. In addition, no 
senseandavoid technology is necessary for the UAS because it will be operated at all times 

in VFR conditions and within VLOS of the PIC and Operator. 

 

         In the event that the FAA requires AALLC to obtain an Experimental Airworthiness 

Certificate or traditional Airworthiness Certificate in order to receive an exemption from 

Section 333, AALLC requests an opportunity to pursue such a certification.   

 

14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category 

Rotorcraft  

         Title 14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness 

certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent that AALLC UASs would otherwise 

require certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness 

standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 
21. 
 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness  

         AALLC seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil 
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is 
required for 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or 
found inapplicable. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA20140352 at 
1314, 22. 

          
14 CFR 91.203  I Civil Aircraft Certifications Required   

         Section  14 CFR 91.203 requires that aircraft carry on board the aircraft's 
Airworthiness   
Certificate. The subsection (b) further states that the Airworthiness Certificate should be 
"displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew".   

          
         The AALLC UAS has requested an exemption in the previous section (14 CFR 21  I 
Airworthiness Certificates). In the event that the FAA required AALLC to obtain an 
experimental Airworthiness Certificate, AALLC would pursue such a certification and keep the 
relevant information on the ground with the PIC and VO at their designated ground station.   
          
         Subsection (b) does not apply to the AALLC UAS, as it does not carry passengers or 
crew, or have a "cockpit" entrance. AALLC proposes mounting the AALLC  identification 
information (mailing address, phone number, COA ID Number, or any other information 
deemed relevant to the FAA) and the UAS  identification information (UAS unique number 
issued by AALLC, and Airworthiness Certificate information if required) on a visible exterior 
surface of the AALLC UAS.  
          
         The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample 
of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, 
and 10700. In addition, based on the FAA Memorandum "Interpretation regarding whether 
certain 
required documents may be kept at an UA's control station," dated August 8, 2014 the 
requested relief from 91.203 (a) & (b) may not be necessary. 
 
14 CFR 91.9, 45.23, and 45.27:  Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard 
requirements.   
         Section  14 CFR 91.9 requires those operating an aircraft to keep a Flight Manual on   
board the aircraft during operation.   
 
         AALLC requests an exemption from this section as the AALLC UAS does not carry 
passengers or crew and would not benefit from keeping a Flight Manual on board the aircraft 
during operation, it would also be impossible due to the size of the UAS. AALLC will keep a 
Flight Manual with the PIC and VO at the ground station. In addition, the FAA has issued the 
following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption 
Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 
10700. 
 

          
         14 CFR 45.23  1 Display of marks general.   
         Subsections (a) and (b) for  14 CFR 45.23 require that the operator of the aircraft 
display the registration number on the side of the aircraft, and at various positions "near each 
entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 
inches high".   
 
         AALLC's Tarot 680 Pro Hexacopter does not have a cabin, cockpit, passengers or 
crew, and as such has no means of mounting it to these structures. AALLC proposes that it 
keeps identification information and an AALLC UAS manual with the PIC and VO at the 
ground station.   
 
         AALLC also proposes that in place of the markings required by  14 CFR 45.23, it 
keeps registration information and the AALLC mailing address email address, and phone 
number permanently affixed to  a visible exterior surface of the AALLC UAS.   
 
         14 CFR 45.29  Size of marks.   
         Subsections (a) and (b) of 14 CFR 45.29 provide for the size and dimensions of the 
markings noted in  14 CFR 45.23.  Subsection (b) section (iii) states that "Marks at least 3 
inches high may be displayed on an aircraft for which the FAA has issued an experimental 
certificate under§ 21.191  (d),§ 21.191  (g), or§ 21.191  (i) of this chapter to operate as an 
exhibition aircraft, an amateurbuilt aircraft, or a lightsport aircraft when the maximum 
cruising speed of the aircraft does not exceed  180 knots CAS".   
 
         AALLC proposes that the mounted identification information listed in the previous two 
sections will be sufficient for identification for the AALLC UAS. As the Tarot 680 Pro 
Hexacopter is only 7.0 pounds and does not have the space on board to post 3 inch letters, 
we propose that AALLC keeps registration information and the AALLC identification 
information (mailing address, email address, phone number, or any other information the FAA 
deems relevant for identification purposes) permanently affixed to  a visible exterior surface of 
the AALLC UAS and with the PIC and VO on the ground. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action  
         AALLC seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become 
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the 
FAAapproved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all 
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent 
that an FAAapproved Flight  
          
         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the AALLC Flight Manual 
and the Manufacturer's Manuals. The PIC will perform a series of checklists designed to 
identify any defects or inoperable components in accordance with the AALLC Flight Manual, 
including checklists covering PreFlight, Launch, Landing, and PostFlight procedures. The 
PIC will also be required to review weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and 
takeoff distance, UA performance data, and contingency landing areas--before initiation of 
flight. The AALLC Flight Manual and the Manufacturer's Manual (and any other relevant 
manufacturer publications) will be kept at the GCS and will be accessible to the PIC at all 
times while operating the UAS. 
 
14 CFR 91.109 Flight instruction Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests.   
         14 CFR 91.109 stipulates, "No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned 
free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning 
dual controls." 
 
         AALLC requests an exemption from this part, as the AALLC UAS uses on board 
software and a small RC transmitter for flight operation, which can accommodate "Instructor" 
override with the correct RC transmitter. We feel that this override, along with training within 
VLOS for the PIC, VO,  student, and instructor, is sufficient for the operation of AALLC UAS 
UAS. 
         The FAA has previously approved exemptions for aircraft without fully functional dual 
controls. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by 
the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to 
control the UAS via radio signals from the controller, and by the size and speed of the 
aircraft. 
 
14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.   
         14 CFR 91.119 requires that the PIC operate at " ... an altitude of 500 feet above the   
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may 
not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure."   
 
         Following current FAA guidelines, the AALLC UAS operates below 400 feet and within 
VLOS. Considering that we intend to operate within VLOS and below 400 feet, the AALLC 
UAS cannot comply with this request. AALLC will operate within all guidelines and proposed 
operation procedures outlined above. In addition, AALLC will fly only over private property 
with written permission from the property owner for flight, image capture, image storage, and 
image transfer (in accordance with Texas House Bill 912, published September 2013). 
 
14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.   
         14 CFR 91.121  stipulates that the PIC "operating an aircraft shall maintain the 
cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter 
that is set, when operating    (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the 
route and within  100 nautical miles of the aircraft."   
 

         The AALLC UAS maintains an altitude using the barometric altitude reading and the 
GPS reading for altitude on board, transmitted through the 915 MHz telemetry dongle to 
Windows based ground station PC. Considering that the AALLC uses primarily a barometric 
altitude reading, and the AALLC UAS will only be in flight for around 2030 minutes, even 
drastic changes in barometric pressure will not affect the altitude reading.   
 
14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.   

         14 CFR 91.151 requires that the PIC may not begin a flight under VFR "unless 
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point 
of intended landing ..." 

          
         The AALLC UAS does not use liquid fuel, but instead uses a lithium polymer battery 
that utilizes electric energy instead of fuel. Considering this clarification, and the fact that the 
AALLC UAS cannot fly more than 0.5 NM from its launch point, AALLC requests an 
exemption from  14 CFR 91.151. Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, 
including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808. 
 
14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 91.417)  
         General Operating and Flight Rules Subsections 91.405 and 91.407 of 14 CFR 
Subpart E require that routine and regularly scheduled maintenance be performed upon the 
aircraft before flight. Furthermore, Section 91.407 Part (1) stipulates that no person may 
operate an aircraft unless "It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized 
under  §43.7 of this chapter".   
 
         AALLC requests exemption from these points, and proposes that the PIC and VO be 
allowed to perform maintenance reviews and inspections once a month, and preflight checks 
before every flight. The 'Monthly Maintenance Inspection Checklist' and 'PreFlight Checklist' 
are both attached to this petition. The PIC and VO will be able to repair broken arms, replace 
broken or worn propellers, and calibrate using the flight software. Further diagnosis or 
maintenance that requires tools not available to the PIC or VO in the field will be performed by 

AALLC. 

 
14 CFR 61.113  1 Private pilot privileges and limitations:  

         14 CFR 61.113  stipulates, ''No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act 
PIC that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire".  Subsection (b) of this 
part stipulates that the PIC may conduct flight if(1) the ''flight is only incidental to that business 
or employment and (2) "the aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation 
or hire." 
 

         As AALLC requests that the AALLC UAS be operated with only ground school and a 
passing score on the FAA Written Examination, AALLC requests that the AALLC UAS be 
allowed to operate for compensation or hire to complete market research for use for 
agricultural survey, pipeline survey, oil rig survey, monitoring damage or movement of 
environmentally sensitive materials in the event of an environmental disaster, property survey, 
film production, and aerial photography.  Considering that the AALLC UAS does not carry 
passengers or property, and there is no equivalent flight certification for UAS PICs and VOs, 
AALLC requests that the PIC and VO be required to complete only an FAA approved ground 
school program and pass the FAA Written Examination.   
 
 

 
V  Public Interest 

          
         The public interested will be served by granting Aerial Agronomics' petition for 
exemption. With the establishment of a national policy that promotes early integration of UAS 
into the NAS when safe working conditions are set forth, such as in this petition.  
         The UAS operations stated in this petition significantly improve safety and reduce risk 
by alleviating the public's exposure to danger, risks and emissions associated with traditional 
agricultural aerial survey and inspection methods, namely, full size fixedwing aircraft and 
rotorcraft. The UAS's submitted for approval by AALLC are battery powered and create no 
emissions. In the case of an unforeseeable in which one of Petitioner's UASs crash, there is 
no fuel to ignite and explode. Furthermore if any accident were to occur involving AALLC's 
lightweight UASs will present significantly less danger to the pilot and other individuals on the 
ground than one involving a full size helicopter or fixed wing craft. 
         AALLC will be implementing sophisticated modeling and observational tools to pair 
with the UASs. By combining the proposed UAS and agriculture modeling software AALLC's 
clients will be able to precision apply fungicides, herbicides, and fertilizers. This precision 
application will have a twofold benefit the client will save time and money and the 
environmental impact of the commercial operation will be reduced by using the correct 
amount of chemical and fertilizers. 
          
    A. Privacy Concerns 

         In regards to privacy concerns, all flights will occur over private or controlled access 
property with the property owner's prior consent and knowledge. Inspection will be in areas 
where the owners will have consented to the inspections or otherwise have agreed to allow 

the UAS and the operator to be in the area where inspection will take place. 
 
VI  Conclusion 

     AALLC's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of the 
Reform Act of 2012 including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and 
populated areas, operation within VLOS and national security. The proposed UAS operations 
will benefit the public as a whole by improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human 
exposure to danger. The public also benefits from improving the quality, environmental 
friendliness, and costeffectiveness of comparable agricultural surveys and inspections 
completed with conventional flight operations. In consideration of the foregoing, this Petition 
for Exemption provides the FAA with more than adequate justification for granting the 
requested exemptions allowing AALC to perform precision agricultural surveys and 
inspections using small UAS. We thank you for your prompt consideration of our requested 
exemptions. Should you have any questions, or if you need any additional information to 
support the requested exemptions, please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned. 

 

VII. Glossary of Terms 

 
AALLC  Aerial Agronomics LLC 
AGL  Above Ground Level  
AOI  Area of Interest  
ATC  Air Traffic Control  
ATO   Air Traffic Organization  
AV  Aerial Vehicle  
CFR  Code of Federal Regulations  
COA  Certificate of Authorization  
FAA  Federal Aviation Administration  
FAR  Federal Aviation Regulation  
GCS  Ground Control Station  
GPS  Global Positioning System  
LOL  Loss of Link  
NAS  National Airspace System  
NOTAM  Notice to Airman  
PIC  Pilot In Command  
Section 333  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333  
SO  Safety Observer  
SOP  Standard Operating Procedures  
UA  Unmanned Aircraft  
UAS  Unmanned Aircraft System  
VFR  Visual Flight Rules  
VLOS  Visual Line of Site  
VMC  Visual Meteorological Conditions  
VTOL  Vertical Takeoff and Landing 
 

 

 

 
VIII. Attachments   

 
Aerial Agronomics Flight Manual 
 
Aerial Agronomics Tarot 680 Pro Hexacopter Manual and Crucial Flight Component Manuals 
 
3D Robotics RTF X8+ Operations Manual 
 
Monthly Maintenance Inspection Checklist   
 
Aerial Agronomics Operational PreFlight Checklist   
 
 
 
