April 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11388
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0001

Mr. Jeff Morse
CEO
Mr. Aaron Showker
Vice President
Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC
14028 Redhills Road
Beaverdam, VA 23015

Dear Messrs. Morse and Showker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 31, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct private property mapping and surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI
S-900.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
                                                                                                                 3

91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI S-900 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         notpermitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
December 31, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC.
14028 Redhills Road
Beaverdam, VA 23015
Jeff Morse: 540-205-5734
Aaron Showker: 703-774-6441
Fax: 804-883-3001
aerial.video.imagery@gma il.com

Exemption Request for Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC. Under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)

Dear Sir or Madam:

Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC. (AVI) requests exemptions from several provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (FAR) in accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012. AVI seeks these exemptions in order to safely operate small lightweight DJI unmanned aircraft
systems (UASs) (detailed below) commercially (private property mapping and surveys) in airspace
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). The exemptions AVI is requesting are Part 21;
§§ 45 .23(b); 61.113(a) and (b); 61.133(a); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and
(b); 91.319(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(l); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) of Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations (14 CFR part 11). The exemption would allow operation of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS)
for the purpose of precision aerial surveys.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of Authorization to
use the system to support private property mapping and surveys:

   · Marketing/Advertising
   · Land Development
   · Insurance Claims

   · Forestry I Agriculture

   · Golf Course Planning
   · Construction

   · Real Estate

   · Inspections
   · Land Appraisal

   · Wildlife Management

   · Resort/Recreation
   · Vineyard and Winery

                                                                                                                                   li Page
The DJI UASs systems consist of lightweight battery operatef aircrafts, an integrated state of the art
ground station system and communications equipment. Th[ aircrafts carry an onboard high resolution
camera (with first person view) that allows us to conduct prr cision aerial photography and video. This
technology will assist the PICs in providing the upmost safety procedures and the public will benefit
from these services. AVI services will help the commercial i dustry and not bring harm to any person in
the air or on the ground.

The aircrafts of AVI will be operated in the field of view with both a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a
ground-based Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational
Requi rements for UAS" with the following additional restrict ions:

     · All operations will occur in Class G airspace (below 400' AGL)
     · Operations will be operated over private property, commercial property, or property (not

           federal or state) with permission of the land owner
     · The aircraft will not operate within 5 NM of any airport or heliport (unless well-coordinated with

           the FAA and airport/heliport (detailed flight plans))
     · Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions
     · Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight at no greater than Y2 NM of the PIC at all times
     · While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to PIC

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16 Personnel
Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system and will complete
all necessary maintenance set forth by the FAA or manufacturer.

We submit that the combination of the aircrafts light weight, historically demonstrated flight
performance, fully qualified flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in
8900.227, the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equiva lent or greater level of
safety of manned aircraft performing similar operations. AVI is dedicated to safety and believes the
company will not bring any harm to the public (air or ground).

Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs): User Manuals are attached

AVI proposes to operate the DJI UASs Phantom 2, Phantom 2+, and the 5900. The petitioner states that
given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
applicant, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates), subject to certain
conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety
under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 {Section 333). The petitioner further states that UAS
operated without an airworthiness certificate in the limited environment and under the conditions and
limitations proposed by the petitioner will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H
and not subject to the proposed conditions and limitations.

The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA) to be operated under this request is a rotary-wing
aircraft, w ith the smallest aircraft weighing 2.Sibs (largest weighing 7.61bs) fully loaded, flies at a

                                                                                                                                  21 Page
maximum speed of 29 knots (not recommended), carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no
flammable fuels, and operates exclusively within a pre-disclosed area. Operations under this exemption
will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, spotter, and local public safety
requirements.

DJI Aircraft Specs: Aerial Video and Imagery has a total of4 aircraft listed in this exemption

Phantom 2 (1): Serial Number: PH645195943

Weight: 2.5 pounds
Max Speed: 29 knots
Fight Time: 25 mins
Battery: 3S LiPo, 5200mAh, 11.1V
Operating Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM (range 1000 meters) Note: We only operate with 100% line ofsight to
the Aircraft (we do not lose visual of the aircraft)
First Person View: Yes
Phantom 2 Vision+ (2): Serial Number: PH645199878 Serial Number: PH645240161

Weight: 2.7 pounds
Max Speed: 29 knots
Fight Time: 25 mins
Battery: 3S LiPo, 5200mAh, 11.1V
Operating Frequency: 5.728 GHz-5.85 GHz
First Person View: Yes
S900 (1): Serial Number: 0370010491

Weight: 7.6 pounds
Max Speed: 31 knots
Fight Time: 25 mins
Battery: LiPo (65, 10000mAh~15000mAh, 15C(Min))
Operating Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM (range 1000 meters) Note: We only operate with 100% line ofsight to
the Aircraft (we do not lose visual of the aircraft)
First Person View: Yes

                                                                                                                                   3I Page
Additional Safety Features for all the OJI UASs:

     · The Phantoms and s900 will enter Failsafe mode when its connection to the Remote control is
           lost. The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to return home and land to
           prevent injury or damage. The Failsafe activates when:
                o The Remote Control is powered off in flight
                o The aircraft has flown out of range
                o The signa l between the Remote Control and the Phantom has been blocked
                o There is interference causing a signal probl$m with the Remote Control
                o The battery is at 10% battery life

     · Maximum Altitude is set at 400 feet for all DJI aircrafts
     · All airports are loaded into the flight controllers and the aircraft will not fly within Snm of any

           airport
     · All aircraft are equipped with GPS enabled systems

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC}

The petitioner asserts that operators of the OJI should not be required to hold a commercial or private
pilot certification. The petitioner notes that unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot,
passengers, and cargo, the DJI UASs are remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on
board. The petitioner proposes that operator requirements should take into account the characteristics
of the particular UAS. The petitioner states that the DJI UASs have high degree of pre-programmed
control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of
the operating conditions set forth in its petition for exemption.

AVI will not allow the PIC to fly any aircraft without at least 40 hours of training flight time with the
exact aircraft used for the business. The company has several private testing areas that are in a remote
locations with no vertical obstructions. This allows the PICs for AVI to test all the systems and
understand fail safe features to the fullest extent before conducting business with the UAS.

PICs and VOs for Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC.

Jeffery Morse, CEO- 540-205-5734
Aaron Showker, Vice President- 703-774-6441
aerial.video.imagery@gmail.com

AVI's PICs are well versed in all the safety features on the DJI aircrafts. They have spent countless hours
perfecting the pre-flight, flight, and post flight procedures. AVI's PICs can perform all necessary
maintenance on the DJI aircrafts and if for some reason they are not able to fix aircraft to safety
specifications, then they will seek assistance from the manufacturer. Any operation under the
exemption would be conducted in accordance with the strict parameters of the FAA and the DJI Flight
Operational Manuals. {Attached to the request)

                                                                                                                                41 Page
The name and contact information of the applicants are:
Aerial Video and Imagery, LLC.
14028 Redhills Road
Beaverdam, VA 23015
Jeff Morse: 540-205-5734
Aaron Showker: 703-774-6441
Fax: 804-883-3001
aerial .video.imagery@gmail.com
AVI is prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent level of
safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us any time if you require
additional information or clarification.

                                    ,Sincerely,

                     rr~~

                                                                  Jeffery Morse
                                                                     CEO

                 ~£___
                                                                  Aaron Showker
                                                                  Vice President

                                                                                                                                 SI Page
The petitioner requests relief from the following regulation! in 14 CFR Part 21:

Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requi j ments for issuing and changing design
approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates and airworthiness approvals.

Section 4S.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when ml ks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restrictbd or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near

I"each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6

inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," experimental," or "provisional," as
applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribe that-

(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act a a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection
with any business or employment if:

            (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

           (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 61.133(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that a person who holds a commercial pilot certificate
may act as pilot in command of an aircraft: (i) Carrying persons or property for compensation or hire,
provided the person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable parts of this
chapter that apply to the operation; and (ii) For compensation or hire, provided the person is qualified in
accordance with this part and with the applicable parts of this chapter that apply to the operation.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition. Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue
the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the
aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings,
and placards, or any combination thereof.

                                                                                                                                 6I Page
Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instructio unless that aircraft has fully functioning
dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes:

           (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit ails, an emergency landing
           without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

           (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
           over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
           obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

           (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude oflsoo feet above the surface, except
           over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
           operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

           (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
           operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface-

            (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
           paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the
           helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
           helicopters by the FAA; and

           (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less
           than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under visual flight rules
(VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person operate a civil aircraft unless it has within
it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration
certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft
registration Application as provided for in§ 47.31(c).

                                                                                                                                 71 Page
Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no pertlon may operate a civil aircraft unless the
airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization iss ed under§ 91.715 is displayed at the cabin

or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or ere .

Section 91.319(a) (1), Aircraft having experimental certificat es: Operating limitations, prescribes in
pertinent part that no person may operate an aircraft that as an experimental certificate for other than
the purpose for which the certificate was issued. Section 9 .405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an
aircraft operator or owner shall have that aircraft inspecte1 as prescribed in subpart Eof the same part
and shall, between required inspections, except as providea in paragraph (c) of the same section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

perso~Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any  from operating an aircraft that has

undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been approved

for return to service by a person authorized under§ 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes that no person may operate any aircraft unless, within the preceding 12
calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that-

(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
include-

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the
work performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
aircraft for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
and each rotor.

(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,

                                                                                    8 I Page
rotor, and appliance.
(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
and its appliances are maintained.
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness d trectives (AD) and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
directive number and revision date. If the AD or sa~ety directive involves
recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
appliances.§11.81 What information must I include in my petition for an exemption?
You must include the following information in your petition for an exemption and submit it to

                                                                                                                      91 Page
