September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12720
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2508

Mr. Paul Craig Boutin
President
Aerial Video Solutions, Inc.
2304 W. Eagle Feather Road
Phoenix, AZ 85085

Dear Mr. Boutin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the , DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and Tarot
680PRO .

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and Tarot 680PRO when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, D.C. 20590

RE: Petition for Exemption Under Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, public 112-95 Feb. 14, 2012, Section 333

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 33 of the FAA Modernization Act of 2012 and 14 CFR Part 11,
Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. (AVS) operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS),
equipped to provide cost effective aerial imagery services, hereby applies for an Exemption
from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) to allow commercial
Operations of it's UAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
The conditions and limitations outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA
As required by Section 333.

These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to
operations under the current regulatory structure specifically, a safety enhancement
to aerial imagery and videography conducted by manned aviation operations

The use of UAS for aerial imagery and videography by AVS reduces the need
for personnel to use manned aircraft activities to perform the same function.
Therefore it is in the best interest of the Public for the FAA to approve the
Requested exemptions.

The applicant, Paul Craig Boutin, for Aerial Video Solutions, Inc., has been involved in
aviation for 35 years and radio controlled vehicles for over 5 years. Currently holds a
Commercial Pilots Certificate with an Instrument rating received in 1980. Formally
educated at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University in Aeronautical Science. Paul has an in-
depth understanding of the capabilities and safety concerns involved in this technology and
that it has enormous potential benefit to the community.

Sincerely,

Paul Craig Boutin
President
Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. (AVS)
2304 w. Eagle Feather Rd.
Phoenix, AZ 85085
480-575-1156
pboutin321@msn.com

submitted: June 2nd, 2015

                                    Page 1 of 9
Requested Exemptions from Regulations:

14 C.F.R Part 21.185
Airworthiness Certificate
AVS recommends that in consideration of the size, weight, speed and limited operating area
associated with these aircraft and their operation, the Secretary of Transportation determines
that these aircraft meet the conditions of Section 333.

14 C.F.R. Part 45.23(b)
Display of marks
AVS UAS shall be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47,
and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
Markings will be as large as practicable.

14 C.F.R. Part 61.113(a)
Private pilot privileges and limitations
The FAA has found in previous grants of exemption that a PIC with a private pilot certificate
operating a UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.

14 C.F.R. Part 61.133(b)
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations
The FAA has found in previous grants of exemption that a PIC with a private pilot certificate
operating a UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.7(a)
Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
AVS recommends that in consideration of the size, weight, speed and limited operating area
associated with this aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation determines that
these aircraft meet the conditions of Section 333.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.9(b)(2) &(c)
Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking, and Placard Requirements
The FAA has previously determined that relief from these sections is not necessary. Relevant
materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.103
Preflight Action
As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be
needed. Normal procedures including but not limited to; reviewing weather, flight battery
requirement, landing and takeoff distances, along will all of those found in attachment "DJI Pilot
Training". An equivalent level of safety will be provided by preflight protocol (see attachment) to
properly match the machine.

                                                         Page 2 of 9
14 C.F.R. Part 91.109(a)
Flight Instruction
AVS will conduct all flight training through procedures specified in Training Instruction (see
attachment) during dedicated training sessions. Based on previous decisions made by the FAA
for UAS petitions regarding this regulation,

14 CFR 91.109
UAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
achieved through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The equivalent level of safety provided because neither a pilot nor passenger
will be carried in the aircraft, and by the speed and size of the aircraft.

14 CFR 91.113 (a) and (b)
AVS can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations because the
UAS does not carry pilot nor passenger. While helpful, a pilots' license will not ensure remote
control piloting skills.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.119(c)
Minimum Safe Altitude
Aircraft will be operated below 400 AGL, but not over congested areas.

14 C.F.R. Part 121
Altimeter Settings
The proposed aircraft have a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities. AVS
recommends that the altimeter be set to zero feet AGL rather than local barometric pressure or
field altitude before flight. Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.151(a)
Fuel Requirements in VFR
Prior relief has been granted for manned and unmanned aircraft to operate at less than
prescribed minimums.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.203(a) and (b)
Certifications Required
Original intent of these regulations was to display an aircraft's airworthiness, certification and
registration documents so they would be easily available to inspectors and passengers. Based
on the FAA Section 333 of the Reform Act, authorizes the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed,
operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all
cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be
at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

                                                         Page 3 of 9
14 C.F.R. Part 91.405(a)
Maintenance Required
Given these section only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do
not apply to this applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and
ensure UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.407(a)(1)
Operation after Maintenance
Given this section only applies to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do
not apply
to this applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and ensure
UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
Inspections
Given this section only applies to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do
not apply to this applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and
ensure UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.417(a) and (b)
Maintenance Records
Given this section only applies to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, theses sections do
not apply to this applicant. As a safety precaution, operator will perform preflight inspections and
ensure UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight.

Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. (AVS) is seeking relief from all FARs above preventing applicant
from conducting cost effective aerial imagery services taken at levels less than 400ft, at a speed
less than 33.5 mph, and with a maximum flight time of 25 minutes,. The UAS's proposed to be
used are listed below are all under 35 pounds. The UAS meets the definition of "small
unmanned aircraft system" found in section 333 "The Reform Act". In order to obtain high quality
photography and video the UAS will be used at speeds much less than it's top speed of 33.5
mph. Due to the UAS being battery powered there are no combustible fuels onboard. Maximum
flight time for this particular UAS is 25 minutes battery life, flights to be terminated with 25%
battery life remaining. Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
the aircraft to be utilized. AVS finds this exception to be reasonable with an equivalent, or
greater, level of safety to be reached by the operator.

                                                         Page 4 of 9
Public Interest:
Removal of human risk from flight operations.
AVS operations of UAS to perform aerial imagery and videography will reduce risk to life and
property by decreasing the requirements of personnel to operate manned aircraft to perform
these tasks.
AVS will use battery-powered UAS that serve as safe and efficient alternatives to the manned
aircraft commonly utilized to conduct aerial imagery and videography.
Also, the flight data, inspection results, recorded observations and lessons learned from these
operations will be compiled to further enhance its current safety program.
AVS proposes that the exemptions requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at
least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to aerial imagery
and videography conducted by manned aircraft.
Reduction in gas emissions associated with powered flight.
Improvement upon cost efficiencies associated with manned flight.
National policy set by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled, safe,
working environments such as those proposed in this petition. In addition, the public also has
an interest in reducing the hazards and emissions associated with alternate use of helicopters to
conduct similar operations.

PRIVACY:
All flights will be conducted in accordance with any and ALL federal, state and local laws
regarding privacy
AVS will voluntarily participate in the "NoFlyZone" registry and proactively stay current with
updates - https://www.noflyzone.org/

                                                         Page 5 of 9
Aircraft and Equipment requested to be used for compensation or hire:

All aircraft weigh less then 55 pounds

AVS proposes to use Four unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for aerial video & still photography

DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ V2.0 Quad-Rotor - PIC will operate UAS in safe manner that will not
pose threat to person or property and with assistance from a visual observer (VO)

DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ V3.0 - PIC will operate UAS in safe manner that will not pose threat to
person or property and with assistance from a visual observer (VO)

DJI Inspire 1 - PIC will operate UAS in safe manner that will not pose threat to person or
property and with assistance from a visual observer (VO)
Tarot 680PRO Six-Axis Hexacopter ­ Equipped with the DJI NAZ-M V2 Control, GPS and
Navigation (same system as other DJI UAS). PIC will operate UAS in safe manner that will not
pose threat to person or property and with assistance from a visual observer (VO)

AVS will use the following ground support equipment:

DJI laptop Ground Control Station (DJI aircraft)

DJI iPad Ground Control Station (DJI aircraft)

If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a pre-determined
location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the
operating documents.

Altitude awareness will be maintained via a radio communications telemetry data link, which
downlinks from the aircraft to the PIC for active monitoring of the flight path. The altitude
information will be generated by GPS equipment installed on the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a
zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS PIC.

Pilot In Command:
Prior to commercial operations conducted for the purpose of aerial imagery and videography,

The PIC will:

Have a minimum of twenty hours of total time as a UAS pilot

At least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with similar UAS type (quad or hex rotor)

Have a minimum of five hours as a UAS PIC operating the make and model of the UAS

Three take-offs and landings in the preceding 30 days.

Demonstrate DJI Pilot Training proficiency

                                                         Page 6 of 9
AVS will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's qualification criteria
and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the
UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures.

PIC qualification flight hours will be logged. The VO will also be required to complete the
operator's training requirements. A record of training will be documented and made available
upon request by the Administrator

Visual Observer:
All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC will be able
to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting will not be permitted during
flight operations. The PIC will be designated before the flight. The PIC will not transfer his or her
designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the
functions prescribed in the operating documents. The VO will not perform any other duties
beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based
obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

Training:
Will Include and require:

DJI Pilot / Flight Training Guide: (see attachment)

AVS Training guide (available upon request)

Maintenance:
AVS will carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the manufacturer operating documents and manuals. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts will be noted in the aircraft
records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and the signature of
an authorized AVS person before returning the UAS to service.

Flight Operations:

All flights will occur under Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VFR) only.

All operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the Visual Line of Sight (VLOS)
requirement.

The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAS and receive up-to-date information
for the particular UAS to be operated.

Mission planning will be accomplished prior to flight. A preflight briefing will be conducted by the
PIC and VO, as well as with any other observers (company representatives, licensed
inspectors, etc.) prior to commencement of operations.

PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is in a condition for safe flight.

                                                         Page 7 of 9
The Ground Control Station will be included in the preflight inspection.

All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft records. to each
flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight

The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

The UAS will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL),

UAS operations will not be conducted during night,

UAS will be operated with all manufacturer safety bulletins.

The UAS will not operate within 5 miles of an airport

The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

If the UAS loses communications with the remote controller or loses GPS signal, the UAS will
have the capability to return to a pre-determined location within a designated location and land
autonomously.

The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point
and land the UAS with 25% battery power remaining.

All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land
owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

The UAS will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

The UAS must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
activities at all times.

Operating characteristics and maintenance procedures are outlined in the attached operations-
user manuals. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA will
comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
oversight agency requirements.

AVS shall obtain all necessary consent and permissions prior to operation of those being
filmed or an agreement to be in the designated filming area prior to filming taking place.

                                                         Page 8 of 9
Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
any documents required, will be available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS
any time the aircraft is operating. These documents must be made available to the
Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of
the UAS shall comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate
government oversight agency requirements.

Conclusion:
AVS requests a review of the aforementioned relief request at the earliest date practicable. We
believe we have addressed all the requests and requirements set forth by Section 333 relief
guidance and that our request is in line with previously approved relief requests. It is our
recommendation that the Secretary of Transportation and FAA approve the exemption for Aerial
Video Solutions, Inc., due to the favorability of the public interest and the ability of the exemption
to provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rules from which exception is
being sought.

Sincerely,

Paul Craig Boutin
President
Aerial Video Solutions, Inc. (AVS)
2304 w. Eagle Feather Rd.
Phoenix, AZ 85085
480-575-1156
pboutin321@msn.com

ATTACHMENTS:
DJI Phanton2 User Manual - http://download.dji-

innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_User_Manual_v1.8_en.pdf

DJI Inspire1 User Manual - http://download.dji-

innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.2_en.pdf

DJI Training Manual - http://download.dji-

innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_Pilot_Training_Guide_v1.1_en.pdf

DJI Safety Guidelines - http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_Safety_Guidelines_en.pdf
UAS Flight Log (sample)
AVS Protocols

                                                         Page 9 of 9
