August 03, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12281
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2071

Mr. Thomas Wasinski
President
Aerial Agents, LLC
1380 Hunting Hollow Drive
Hudson, OH 44236

Dear Mr. Wasinski:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Agents, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S1000+, DJI S900, DJI S800 Evo, DJI
Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Agents, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Agents, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000+, DJI
    S900, DJI S800 Evo, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   May 14, 2015

Mr. Thomas Wasinski
President
Aerial Agents, LLC
1380 Hunting Hollow Dr
Hudson, OH 44236
Phone: 440-241-1677
Email: hello@aerialagents.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

 Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act"),
 Aerial Agents, LLC ("referred to hereafter as Aerial Agents"), the operator of small Unmanned
 Aircraft Systems ("sUAS"), seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
 (FARs") listed below and discussed in Appendix A. Attached as Appendix B is summary of
 this request.

 The requested exemption would permit commercial operation of Aerial Agents, sUAS's, which
 weigh between 5 and 25 lbs for the purpose of aerial photography, aerial videography, aerial
 inspections, and other sUAS flight operations that consist of still photographs and videography
 taken by onboard cameras. Use of the sUAS for aerial photography, aerial videography and
 aerial inspections, and other sUAS flight operations will reduce the need to utilize conventional
 manned aircraft, manned lifting devices or manned climbing for the same purpose and provide
 high quality digital imagery at a fraction of the cost. These savings result in enhanced safety,
 efficiency and productivity for the affected activities, as well as environmental benefits. Aerial
 Agents, plans to implement the capabilities of sUAS to offer services including:

      · Aerial Photography
      · Aerial Videography
      · Aerial Inspections
      · Other sUAS flight operations

 Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions
 to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using
 manned aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section
 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize commercial
operations of aerial photography, aerial videography, and aerial inspections or other sUAS

                                                                                                     1
flight operations using sUAS which weigh less than 25 lbs and are small in size (see the
attached O&M manuals). The sUAS's will be operated under controlled conditions at low
altitude in airspace that is limited in scope, as described more fully herein; it will have
automated control features, as described below and in the O&M manuals. Aerial Agents,
will maintain full general liability aviation at all times on aircrafts. Furthermore, the sUAS
also will be operated by an individual who has passed an FAA approved Private Pilots
ground training exam, medical certification and a required manufacturer's training program
for the sUAS. Finally, the airspace in which the sUAS will operate will be Class G airspace
or airspace approved by the FAA in advance.

Aerial Agents respectfully submits that because these small, unmanned aerial vehicles will be
used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary
conventional aircraft or other manned mean, the FAA can have confidence that the operations
will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of these
exemptions would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant are:

          Aerial Agents, LLC
          Attn: Thomas Wasinski
          Ph: 440-241-1677
          Email: hello@aerialagents.com
          Address: 1380 Hunting Hollow Drive

                         Hudson, OH 44236

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

         14 C.F.R. Part 21;
         14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(b);
         14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2);
         14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.119;
         14 C.F.R. 91.121;
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                                              2
Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in
the public interest.

                         THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Aerial Agents, LLC submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the proposed
UAS's in of aerial photography, aerial videography, and aerial inspections, and other sUAS
flight operations will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to
accelerate the introduction of UASs into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be
accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required
under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required
to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or
pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

              · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

              · Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

              · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).1

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under

§40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness

certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

              The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
              prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections
               44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the
               public interest.

1 Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process
applications for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the
conditions proposed herein require modification in order to allow approval, to supply conditions
for the safe operation of the UAS. Aerial Agents welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA
staff in order to address any issues or concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe
may require modification.

49 U.S.C. §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1).

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;

                                                                                                                              3
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning to
UASs for aerial photography, aerial videography, and aerial inspections and other .
Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

Airworthiness of the sUAS

A critical element of the exemption application involves evidence of the airworthiness of the
sUAS. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,
upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
and populated areas of the particular sUAS. Our small UAS's will operate at low speed in a
controlled environment, at least five miles from an airport. An analysis of these criteria
demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         RISK MITIGATION

Aerial Agents, has reviewed FAA exemptions references 1-3 Condition and Limitations sections
and believes that procedures specified therein are reasonable and will be utilized in order to
manage and mitigate risk and ensure public safety. A preflight checklist developed and
employed to ensure that the sUAS airworthiness will be verified before launch. Airworthiness will
be maintained by performance of routine inspections before each flight, maintaining flight and
maintenance logs to record time failure prone components.

Aerial Agents requests that in a manner similar to reference 3, he be allowed to operate within 5
miles of an airport provided that;

                  "The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-
towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted
accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the
airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request."

Operations within five (5) miles of an airport are not anticipated to be routine, but Aerial Agents
is requesting a mechanism to facilitate such activities without requesting a new and separate
exemption(s) should the need arise. Operations within Class B airspace are not requested due
to lack of mode C transponder.

 Mandatory Operating Conditions (see O&M and Safety Lists)

 Grant of the exemption to Aerial Agents, LLC will be subject to the following mandatory
 conditions, which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of
 sUAS by public entities pursuant to Certificates of Authorization, with additional
 restrictions:

· All operations to occur in Class G airspace.
· Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property.
· Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.

                                                                                          4
· Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
· Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).

· Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet.
            · All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from
            centerline azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds.

            · All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
            city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
            governmental agencies.

Operator Requirements

 Aerial Agents respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into
 account the characteristics of the particular sUAS. Certain UASs, such as the DJI
 S1000+, DJI S900, DJI S800 EVO, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom 2 & 3 Professional,
 are characterized by a high degree of control and various built-in technical capabilities
 that limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth above.
 Please see details in the attached O&M manuals for each in Appendix B.

 Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the sUAS's include
 the following:

                  · Auto-pilot detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an
                  immediate return to aircraft take-off location ("home")
           · Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at GCS at 35% and 10%
                  levels.
                  · If the auto-pilot detects a lost-link to the GCS for longer than 30 seconds,
                  landing procedure begins.

 Given these safety features, Aerial Agents proposes that operators of the sUAS should not
 be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be
 required to:

                  · have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground
                  school instruction and passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-
                  recognized equivalents;
           · have completed the manufacturer's training or a minimum of 40 hours training
                  program for operation of the sUAS's.

 Aerial Agents notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by
 operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs when the
 mandatory operating conditions specified above were present. See Federal Aviation
 Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority to grant exemptions to the
 requirements for and privileges associated with the grant of airmen's certificates. 49 USC
 §44701 (f).

                                   ***

 In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix A
 to allow commercial operations of a sUAS's conducting precision aerial inspections or surveys.

                                                                                                                                 5
Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the sUAS for precision inspection
and survey work will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial photography, aerial
videography and aerial inspection operations, using helicopter or piston-powered aircraft
present risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000 to 7,000 lbs., or
more, carry large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must
fly to and from the location. Other conventional manned climbing or manned lifts risk safety
hazards associated with falls, electrical hazards, fuel related hazards, and inhalation hazards
associated with the structures being inspected. In contrast, a sUAS weighing less than 25 lbs.
and powered by batteries eliminates a portion of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board a manned aircraft and the lack of risks associated with
manned lifts or manned climbing apparatus. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and,
therefore, will not expose any individuals to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights,
manned lifts or climbing hazards.

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions.
Given the size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
explosives or other dangerous materials, the sUAS poses no threat to national security.

The operation of the sUAS, weighing less than 25 lbs., for aerial photography, aerial
videography, and aerial inspections in accordance with the strict conditions outlined above,
will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein, including exempting Aerial Agents from the requirements of Part 21.

The sUAS's satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act--size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity to airports, operation within visual line of sight,
and national security--and its showing of an equivalent level of safety as it may relate to the
requirement for FAA training, provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of the sUAS in the commercial aerial
photography, aerial videography, and aerial inspections business.

Aerial Agents is requesting this exemption for the purpose of aerial photography, aerial
videography, aerial inspections and other flight operations that may arise. The reason for such
a general based exemption request is to integrate a horizontal business model in order to
capitalize on vast opportunities in the future without delay in additional exemption requests.

             Very truly yours,

             Thomas Wasinski
             President
             Aerial Agents, LLC

Enclosures:

Appendix A: Exemption Request and Equivalent Level of Safety Showings
Under Applicable Rules Subject to Exemption

Appendix B: Operation and Maintenance Manuals:
         · DJI S1000+
         · DJI S900

                                                                                                        6
· DJI S800 EVO
· DJI Inspire 1
· DJI Phantom 2 & 3 Professional

                                                                                              7
                                                                                                              APPENDIX A

     EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER
                              APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Aerial Agents, LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as well
as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the
sUAS's:

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

          The regulation provides:

                    When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                    number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                    experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
                    on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
                    not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
                    "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

The sUAS's has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be
impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the forward fuselage in compliance with
§ 45.29(f). The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having the sUAS marked on its
forward fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with
the UAV will see the identification of the sUAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation to Aerial Pros, Exemption No. 10700, and to others,
including Exemption Nos. 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Aerial Agents, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability, and proximity to airports of the particular UAS. Our small sUAS's will be operated at
low speed in a controlled environment, at least five miles from an airport. An analysis of these
criteria demonstrates that the sUAS's operated without an airworthiness certificate, in
the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 25 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area. Like other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
controlled and monitored by the operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and under

                                                                                                                                 8
the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security
for the area of operation as is currently done on active construction sites.

These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with
construction sites, power plant sites and the like provide a greater degree of safety to the
public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness
certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same
criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS,
due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry an external load no greater than two lbs.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the sUAS in this case is
remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a)
requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft
for compensation or hire. Aerial Agents respectfully proposes that operator requirements
should take into account the characteristics of the particular sUAS. Aerial Agents sUAS has a
high degree of control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential
for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application.

The sUAS has navigation and control system comprised of a Ground Control Station (GCS) and
auto-pilot system. All flights utilize precision GPS guidance. In the case of unplanned events,
the operator inputs evasive maneuvers from the control unit, and the control unit executes that
maneuver. Operator interventions include diversion to the right; initiation of holding at present
position; suspension of mission; fly back to launch point; fly to point and hold; abort mission and
land; and emergency power cut off and land (Flight Termination System).

Given these safety features, Aerial Agents proposes that operators of the sUAS should not
be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be
required to:

                 · have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground
                 instruction and passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-
                 recognized
                 equivalents;

                 · have completed manufacturer's training program or a minimum 40 hours
                 training program for operation of the UAS.

Aerial Agents notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by
operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where the
mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation
Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to
waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of the sUAS without a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's
certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.

                                                                                                                                9
The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS (given its size, speed, operational
capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated
with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAS as set forth
above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b)
and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under
§ 61.133(a).

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the sUAS without
an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the sUAS. Given the size
of the aircraft and the requirements that have presumably already been met for the sUAS (for
instance, the sUAS's Operations and Maintenance Manual and Safety Manual and Checklist),
an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with the Aerial Agents
manuals prior to each flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

The regulation provides:

          No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

          For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5

                   (2) of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved
                   airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
                   placards, or any combination thereof.

   Given the size and configuration of the sUAS, it has no ability or place to carry such a
   flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because
   there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual (see, e.g., User
Guide, Exhibit 4) at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have
immediate access to it. The FAA has issued to others the following exemptions to this
regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A,
10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to ensure
the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will take
separate preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight
battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions in the

Preflight Checklist in the Manual and Safety Checklists. These actions will provide an
equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

                                                                                                    10
The sUAS is a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, does not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates
with the aircraft via radio communications. If instruction is accomplished through a training
program, as set forth in Exhibit 2, an equivalent level of safety will be assured. The FAA has
approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of
aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the manufacturer providing the training as
outlined.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c)
limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may
not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the sUAS will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. Because aerial
photography, aerial videography, and aerial inspections must be accomplished at relatively low
altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is
needed.

14 C.F.R § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

Aerial Agents requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121. This Part provides guidelines for
altimeter use below 18,000 feet mean sea level ("MSL") in maintaining the cruising altitude or
flight level of the aircraft. Aerial Agents operation of the sUAS will not exceed 400 feet AGL and
will be operated in a fashion that is not a sustained cruising flight such as a manned aircraft will
typically fly. The ground station has live feedback and GPS information about the sUAS,
including but not limited to the height of the sUAS, its forward velocity, and compass heading.
The operator will be able to observe and control the maximum height of the sUAS. Additionally,
the sUAS will be operated within the line of sight. Therefore, the equivalent level of safety
provided by Section 91.121 will be met.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The sUAS batteries provide approximately 15-30 minutes of powered flight. Without an
exemption from § 14 CFR 91.151, the sUAS's flights would be limited to approximately 20
minutes in length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those
proposed operations, a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

Aerial Agents believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within the scope
of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, without 30 minutes of reserve
fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the
size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo

                                                                                                                             11
also enhances its safety. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights would greatly reduce their utility. In
the unlikely event that the sUAS should run out of battery charge, it would simply land. Given its
weight and construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

Aerial Agents believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10
minutes of reserve battery, which, allows approximately 30 minutes of flight time, but Aerial
Agents limits all flights to no greater than 20 minutes, would be more than adequate to return
the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:

                   (a) . . . no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has . . . an appropriate
                   and current airworthiness certificate.
                   (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                   required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                   under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                   passengers or crew.

The sUAS's fully loaded weighs no more than 25 lbs. As such, there is no ability or place to
carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. In addition,
there is no pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter . . . ." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section
91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certificate.
Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance
work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots
and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

Maintenance of the sUAS's will be accomplished by the owner/operator pursuant to the
manuals. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size, will
carry no external payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not a
complex mechanical devise. As provided in the attached Maintenance Manual and the Safety
Checklist, the trained operator of sUAS will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety.

                                                                                                                             12
                                                                                                              APPENDIX B
                        SUMMARY OF TRIMBLE SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST
         Aerial Agents, LLC hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its
exemption application to allow commercial operation of the DJI S1000+, DJI S900, DJI
I nspire 1, DJI Phantom 2 & 3 Professional sUAS's for aerial photography, aerial
videography, and aerial inspections. An exemption is requested from the following
regulations:
         14 C.F.R. Part 21;
         14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) &
         (b);
         14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(b);
         14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2);
         14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.119;
         14 C.F.R. 91.121;
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) &
         (b);
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                                               13
Operation and Maintenance Manuals & Safety
                         Guidelines

                        Appendix B

· DJI S1000+ User Manual v1.2
     o http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-
        wings-s1000-plus/download

· DJI S900 User Manual v1.2
     o http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-
        wings-s900/download

· DJI S800 Evo User Manual v1.10
     o http://www.dji.com/product/spreading-
        wings-s800-evo/download

· DJI Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.2
     o http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-
        1/download

· DJI Phantom 2 User Manual (EN) v1.4
     o http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-
        2/download

· DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
  (EN) v1.0
     o http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-
        3/download

                                                                                                                        14
Aerial Agents, LLC  PO Box 341  Hudson, Ohio 44236
