August 17, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11672A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0653

Mr. Todd Massey
Owner
Aerial Impressions, LLC
6213 West Dixon Street
Milwaukee, WI 53214

Dear Mr. Massey:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition for an amendment. It explains
the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists any changes to the original conditions
and limitations.

By letter posted to the public docket June 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Aerial Impressions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an amendment to your current exemption. That exemption from §§ 61.23(a) and
(c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. You requested an amendment to add the 3D Robotics X8-M and Align M690-L to
your exemption.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight, speed
and operating capabilities to those in this petition.
                                                                                                                  2

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11672
remains valid and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the authority contained
in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, the operator is
granted an amendment to add new aircraft to its UAS operations.

The operator shall add this amendment to its original exemption.

Conditions and Limitations

All conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No.11672 remain in effect except as
follows. Condition No. 1 has been updated to reflect the additional aircraft.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI S1000+, Align M690-L, and 3D Robotics X8-M when weighing less than
         55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
         new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                            Todd Massey
                                                                                         Owner Operator
                                                                              Aerial Impressions, LLC

                                                                                           414-899-8512
                                                                 aerialimpressionsMKE@gamil.com

Dear Madam or Sir
         Aerial Impressions is petitioning the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for

an exemption to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 CFR Part 11 The exemption would allow operation of the DJI Phantom
2 and DJI S1000 unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of supporting the
agriculture industry, aerial photography/video and land surveying. this document will
outline requested relief from regulations pertaining to this exemption.

Aerial Impression agrees to operate within the boundaries set forth by this
exemption. Along with with rules and regulations that the FAA has in place Aerial
Impressions plans to use additional safety precautions were they see fit to ensure safe
sUAS operations. Implementation of lightweight small unmanned systems is an tool that
can greatly improve the safety standards of or National Airspace (NAS). sUAS can fly
operations that would traditionally would require manned aircraft which carry pilots,
gallons of flammable fuel. Please Allow Aerial Impressions to offer sUAS operations to
its local market to promote the safe efficient and responsible use of sUAS.

Thank you for your time,

Todd Massey
Owner Operator
Aerial Impressions, LLC
414-899-8512
aerialimpressionsMKE@gamil.com

                         Table of Contents

Glossary of Abbreviations....................................................................4
List of Attachments...............................................................................3
Introduction and Interest of Petitioner...................................................3
Unmanned Aerial Systems.....................................................................3
Equipment List..................................................................4
Unmanned Aircraft Pilot in Command (PIC).........................................7
Operations of sUAS ...............................................................................8

Requested Exemptions from Regulations .............................................12

Public Interest.........................................................................................15
Conclusion..............................................................................................16

                Glossary of Abbreviations

AGL                                                        Above Ground Level
                                                           Air Traffic Control
ATC                                                        Certificate of Authorization
                                                           Federal Aviation
COA
                                                           Federal Aviation Regulation
FAA                                                        Mid Atlantic Aviation
Administration
                                                           National Airspace System
FAR                                                        Pilot in Command
                                                           Small Unmanned Aircraft
MAAP
Partnership                                                Visual Flight Rules
                                                           Visual Meteorological
NAS
                                                           Visual Observer
PIC                                                        Visual Line of Sight

sUAS            LIST OF ATTACHMENTS
Systems

VFR

VMC
Conditions

VO

VLS

Futaba 14sg operational manual
A2 Flight Control operational manual
DJI S1000+ operational Manual
DJI Phantom 2 operational manual
Naza M flight control operational manual

Section 1: Introduction and Interest of Petitioner
         Aerial Impressions is a small business located in southeastern Wisconsin that
intends to use two current DJI model UAV platforms,to gather images for the use
of Real estate Precision Framing, Georeference Mapping and Golf courses. Aerial
Impressions is committed to offering safe and responsible sUAS flight operations.

        It shall be the intent of every sUAS operator to make a responsible effort to
not invade a person's reasonable expectation of privacy when operating the UAS
while performing safe flight operations. When operating the sUAS, Aerial
Impressions operators will abide by all FAA Regulations for flight and receive the
proper authorization for flight.

Section 2: Unmanned Aerial Systems

General Information Pertaining to All Proposed UAS

Aerial Impressions will operate less than fifty-five pound sUAS, for the ability to conduct
aerial imagery and videography, with payloads capable of supporting these missions.

Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the sUAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the sUAS, the
aircraft will be prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. Ground Control
Station will be included in preflight inspections as well. Maintenance and Alterations
must be properly documented in aircraft records. All discrepancies noted shall be
documented as described in the Aerial Impressions Operators Manual pg.2
(Organization)

Any maintenance or alterations made to the sUAS shall be documented in a logbook as
well as undergo test flight before it can return to service. Any repairs or alterations must
meet the manufacturer's guidelines with particular attention to flight critical components
that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals. Only personnel who are
authorized shall perform such operations.

Aerial Impressions will follow all manufacturer's sUAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements, Aerial
Impressions shall carry out their maintenance, inspections and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operator's manual. Maintenance, inspection, and
alterations must be noted in the aircraft log book, including total flight hours, description
of work

Each sUAS operated under the proposed exemption shall comply with all manufacturer
System and Safety Bulletins.

Aerial Impressions technicians will receive and document training referenced in the
manufacturer's operations manual.

Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the sUAS shall comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.
Equipment List

DJI Phantom 2

Aerial Impressions seeks an exemption to operate DJI Phantom 2 sUAS, for
compensation or hire. The DJI Phantom 2 is comprised of a quadrotor unmanned aircraft
and a handheld ground control station. The Phantom II has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 2.8 pounds, diameter (rotor span) 23.75 inches, width of 12.5 inches, and
height of 8.1 inches. The Phantom II is equipped with four rotors driven by four lithium
polymer battery powered electric motors.

Design and operational characteristics are provided in DJI Phantom 2 Operating Manual
(Page 35). Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in DJI
Phantom 2 Operating Manual (Page 24)

ATTACHMENTS

DJI Zemuse H3 -3d Gimbal
DJI ISOD mini
DJI 2.4ghz. Data link
14sg Futaba radio transmitter
Gopro Hero 3+
DJI Naza M Flight controller

         Phantom Specifications
         Please refer to (Sec. 8.1) in the provided Phantom Operating Manual.
         Nazi M Flight Control Specifications
         Please refer to (Page 23) in the provided Nazi Flight Control Manual

         Futaba 14sg specifications
         Please refer to (Page 11) of the Futaba 14sg Control Manual

DJI S1000+

Aerial Impressions seeks an exemption to operate a DJI-S1000 sUAS for compensation
or hire. The DJI-S1000+ is comprised of a multi-rotor unmanned aircraft and two
handheld ground control stations. The DJI-S1000 has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 24 pounds, diagonal wheelbase of 41.4 inches, and height of
approximately 18 inches. The DJI- S1000 is equipped with eight rotors driven by eight
lithium polymer battery powered electric motors.

Design and operational characteristics are provided in DJI S1000+ Operating Manual
(Page 22).

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in DJI S1000+ Operating
Manual (Page 4).

ATTACHMENTS
DJI A2 Flight Control
DJI Zemuse Gimbal for either Panasonic GH4 or Canon Mark III
DJI ISOD
DJI Light Bridge
2 Futaba 14sg Radio Transmitter
         S1000 Specifications
         Please refer to (Page 22) of the S1000+ Operating Manual
         A2 Flight control specifications
         Please refer to (Page 49) of the A2 Flight Control Manual
         Futaba 14sg specifications
         Please refer to (Page 11) of the Futaba 14sg Control Manual

Align M690L

Aerial Impressions seeks an exemption to operate a Align M690L sUAS for
compensation or hire. The Align M690L is comprised of a multi-rotor unmanned aircraft
and two handheld ground control stations. The Align M690L has a maximum takeoff
weight of 7,200g, wheelbase of 875mm, and height of approximately 446 mm. The Align
M690 is equipped with six rotors driven by six lithium polymer battery powered electric
motors.

Design and operational characteristics are provided in Align M690L Operating Manual
(Page 59).

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in Align M690L
Operating Manual (Page 42).

ATTACHMENTS
AMP-S Flight Control
Align G3 Gimbal for either Panasonic GH4 or Canon Mark III or Samsung NX1
Align OSD
Align FPV 5.8ghz video transmitter
2 Futaba 14sg Radio Transmitter

         Align M690L Specifications
         Please refer to (Page 59) of the Align M690L+ Operating Manual
         APSM Flight control specifications
         Please refer to (Page 59) of the Align M690L Control Manual

         Futaba 14sg specifications
         Please refer to (Page 11) of the Futaba 14sg Control Manual

X8-M

Aerial Impressions seeks an exemption to operate a X8-M sUAS for compensation or
hire. The X8-M is comprised of a multi-rotor unmanned aircraft and one handheld ground
control station. The X8-M has payload capacity of 200 g, wheelbase of 20.1 inches, and
height of approximately 12 inches. The X8 -M is equipped with eight rotors driven by
eight lithium polymer battery powered electric motors.

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in X8-M Operating
Manual (Page 25).

ATTACHMENTS
3DR robotics Pixhawk flight control
Spektrum DX7s radio control
Canon S100 with custom 3DR EAI software and fixed mount

Spektrum DX7s radio control

         X8-M Specifications

      Pixhawk autopilot system
      Motors: SunnySky V2216-12 800 kV II (The images above show conical nuts; X8-M ships with hex

            nuts.)
      Propellers: APC 11X4.7 SFP (4), APC 11X4.7 SF (4)
      Flight battery: 4S 10000 mAh 10C lithium polymer
      Aircraft weight (with battery): 7.7 lbs (3.5 kg)
      Aircraft dimensions: 13.7 in x 20.1 in x 11.8 in (35 cm x 51 cm x 30 cm)
      Case dimensions: 60.7 in x 14.5 in x 15.5 in (154 cm x 37 cm x 39 cm)
      Payload capacity: .4 lbs (200 g)
      Radio range: .6 miles* (1 km)
      Flight time: 14 min*
      Maximum operational wind speed: 25 mph (11 m/s)
      Area coverage: 25 acres* (0.1 km2)
      Ground sampling distance: .7 inches per pixel (2 cm per pixel)*
      Orthomosaic accuracy: 3-16 ft (1-5 m)

Pixhawk Flight control specifications
         Please refer to (Page 12) of the Pixhawk Flight Control Manual

Spektrum DX7 specifications
         Please refer to (Page 103) of the Spektrum Control Manual

Section 3: Unmanned Aircraft Pilot in Command (PIC)

Aerial Impressions Flight Crew, including PIC and Visual Observers (VO), will be
qualified as directed by Aerial Impressions Operation Manual pg.3 (operators)

All flight crew members, including PIC and VO, will have an understanding of, and
comply with, Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations, and/or Agency directives and
regulations, applicable to the airspace where the sUAS will operate. Specifically all flight
crew members will receive training on the rules and responsibilities described in 14 CFR
Part 91 Sections 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115 regarding cloud clearance, flight visibility
and the pilot controller glossary, including standard ATC phraseology and
communication.

The PIC must possess at least a current private pilot certificate and third class medical
certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR
Section 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot certificate.

Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial imagery and videography (or
similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 CFR Section 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a sUAS pilot and
at least ten hours logged as a sUAS pilot with similar sUAS type (fixed wing or rotary).
Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable
regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience building
flights are requested to be conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish the
required flight cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience
building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations will be considered non-
participants and the PIC will operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from non-
participants in accordance with 14 CFR Section 91.119. operations), the PIC must have
accumulated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR Section 61.51(b), a
minimum of five hours as a sUAS PIC operating the make and model of the sUAS to be
utilized for operations under this requested exemption, and three take-offs and landings in
the preceding 90 days. Training, proficiency, experience- building, and take-off and
landing currency flights are requested to be conducted under this grant of exemption to
accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency. During training, proficiency,
experience building, and take-off and landing currency flights all personnel not essential
for flight operations are considered non participants, and the PIC must operate the sUAS
with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR Section
91.119.

All operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the Visual Line of Sight
(VLOS) requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. This condition and limitation is
consistent with all FAA approved Exemptions

Section 4: Operations of sUAS

At all times the sUAS must remain close enough to the operator for the operator to be
capable of seeing the aircraft with vision unaided by any device other than corrective
lenses.

Small unmanned aircraft may not operate over any persons not directly involved in the
operation.

Daylight-only operations (official sunrise to official sunset, local time).

Must yield right-of-way to other aircraft, manned or unmanned.

First-person view camera cannot satisfy "see-and-avoid" requirement but can be used
as long as requirement is satisfied in other ways.

Maximum airspeed of 30 mph

Maximum altitude of 400 feet above ground level.

Minimum weather visibility of 3 miles from control station.

No operations are allowed in Class A (18,000 feet & above) airspace.

Operations in Class B, C, D and E airspace are allowed with the required ATC
permission.
Operations in Class G airspace are allowed without ATC permission

No person may act as an operator or VO for more than one unmanned aircraft
operation at one time.

No careless or reckless operations.

Requires preflight inspection by the operator.

The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

The sUAS shall be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC will be in feet.

The multi-rotor sUAS shall not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 30 mph.

sUAS Operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The
sUAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2000 feet horizontally
from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered.

The sUAS PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with operating documents.

The sUAS PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
intended landing point and land the sUAS with 25% battery power remaining.

The sUAS operated in accordance with this proposed exemption shall be identified by
serial numbers, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
(Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as
large as practicable.

The sUAS documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 shall be available to the
PIC at the Ground Control Station of the sUAS anytime the aircraft is operating. Those
documents shall be available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
request.

Any sUAS incidents, accidents or flight operations that transgress the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be reported to
the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents shall be reported
to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this petition, the sUAS PIC, and the sUAS operations shall
comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61
and 91.
Intended Area of Operations

The sUAS shall not be operated over congested or densely populated areas. These
areas include but are not limited to the yellow areas depicted on World Aeronautical
Charts (WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or Terminal Area Charts
(TAC). Each work site will also be evaluated based on local conditions.

Operations of sUAS may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from participating
persons, vessels, vehicles or structures that perform an essential function in connection
with these special purpose operations. Operations closer than 500 feet from the PIC,
VO, operator trainees and essential persons are permitted when operationally
necessary; but never so close to present an undue hazard. This is consistent with
Exemption No. 11138.

Operations of sUAS may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from unoccupied
vessels, vehicles or structures owned by the land owner/controller when the land
owner/controller grants such permission, and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the
risk from operations and determines that it does not present an undue hazard to persons
or property. This is consistent with Exemption No. 11138.

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons
unless barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
from the sUAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. HAZON shall ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS,
flight operations will cease immediately. This is consistent with Exemption No. 11138.

All operations of sUAS shall be conducted with the permission from the land
owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from the land owner/controller
or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

Airport Proximity

The sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance
with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the
airport management will be made available to the Administrator upon request. This is
consistent with Exemption No 11159.

Visual Line of Site

The sUAS must be operated within VLOS of the PIC and VO at all times. This requires
the PIC to be able to use human vision to see the sUAS unaided by any device other
than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA issued medical certificate.

All sUAS operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC
must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC and VO must be designated
before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the
flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions.
The sUAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or
vehicle. Operations will not be conducted during night as defined in 14 CFR 1.1.

PreFlight Safety (14 CFR § 91.7(b))

Aerial Impressions will conduct preflight safety risk assessments to determine that the
sUAS is in a condition for safe flight (14 CFR Section 91.7(b)) and that the planned
operation can be completed safely. Specific procedures are addressed in Aerial
Impressions Operators manual pg.6

Flight Standards District Offices (FSDOs)

Aerial Impressions operations do not require a notification to Flight Standards District
Offices (FSDOs). They will not be engaging in the type of sUAS that would warrant
contact.

Certificate of Waiver or Authorization

Aerial Impressions shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this requested
grant of exemption. Additionally, Aerial Impressions will request a Notice to Airmen
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

Weather

sUAS Operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The
sUAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2000 feet horizontally
from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC. In additions
fellow sUAS manufacturer's guidelines for weather operation limitations and standards.

Section 5: Requested Exemptions from
Regulations

Considered Title                 Recommended Action
Regulation

14 C.F.R Part Airworthiness      Aerial Impressions recommends that in consideration

21.185  Certificate              of the size, weight, speed and limited operating area
                                 associated with these aircraft and their operation, the

                                 Secretary of Transportation determines that these
                                 aircraft meet the conditions of Section 333. Relief is

                                 not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Display of marks  Aerial Impressions sUAV shall be identified by serial
45.23(b)                         number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part
                                 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in

                                 accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
                                 C. Markings will be as large as practicable.
                                      Relief is not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Private pilot          The FAA has found in previous grants of exemption
61.113(a) privileges and
                                      that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating a
                    limitations       sUAS would not adversely affect operations in the
                                      NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on
                                      the ground. Request relief with limitations and
                                      conditions specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Commercial pilot       The FAA has found in previous grants of exemption
61.133(b) privileges and
                                      that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating a
                    limitations       sUAS would not adversely affect operations in the

                                      NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on
                                      the ground. Request relief with limitations and
                                      conditions specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Civil Aircraft         Aerial Impressions recommends that in consideration
                                      of the size, weight, speed and limited operating area
91.7(a)    Airworthiness              associated with this aircraft and its operation, the

                                      Secretary of
                                      Transportation determines that these aircraft meet the
                                      conditions of Section 333. Relief is not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Civil Aircraft Flight  The FAA has previously determined that relief from
91.9(b)(2) &(c) Manual, Marking,      these sections is not necessary. Relevant materials

                    and Placard       may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in
                    Requirements      compliance with the regulations. Relief is not
                                      necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Preflight Action       Aerial Impressions will perform. Relief is not
91.103                                necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Flight            Aerial Impressions will conduct all flight training through

91.109(a)  Instruction           procedures specified in Training Instruction during
                                 dedicated training sessions. Based on previous

                                 decisions made by the FAA for sUAS petitions regarding
                                 this regulation, relief is not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Minimum Safe Aircraft will be operated below 400 AGL, but not over

91.119(c)  Altitude              congested areas. Request relief with limitations and

                                 conditions specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Altimeter         The proposed aircraft have a barometric altimeter and
121 Settings
                                 GPS derived altitude capabilities. Aerial Impressions
                                 recommends that the altimeter be set to zero feet AGL
                                 rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude

                                 before flight. Considering the limited altitude of the
                                 proposed operations. Request relief with limitations

                                 and conditions specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Fuel              Prior relief has been granted for manned and unmanned
91.151(a)  Requirements aircraft to operate at less than prescribed

           in VFR              minimums. Request relief with limitations and

                               conditions specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Certifications  Original intent of these regulations was to display an
91.203(a) and Required         aircraft's airworthiness, certification and registration
(b)
                               documents so they would be easily available to
                               inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA

                               Memorandum subject, "Interpretation regarding whether
                               certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned
                               aircraft's control station," dated August 8, 2014, relief is

                               not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part Maintenance Request relief with limitations and conditions

91.405(a)  Required            specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Operation after Request relief with limitations and conditions
91.407(a)(1) Maintenance specified in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part Inspections     Request relief with limitations and conditions
91.409(a)(1)                   specified in this petition.
and (2)

14 C.F.R. Part Maintenance     Request relief with limitations and conditions
91.417(a) and Records          specified in this petition.
(b)

Protection of Rights and Privacy

    UAS Pilot in Command, Gimbal Operators and Spotter or any other person involved
in flight mission is to observer and privacy rights or expectations of the public. Any
person involved in any unlawful flights that may jeopardize someone's privacy right or
expectations will be held accountable for their actions.

Public Interest

         Aerial Impressions is a small local business supporting and promoting the
safe and responsible implementation of sUAS into our national airspace
(NAS). Aerial Impressions will offer local market an accredited sUAS option to
aid in aerial imagery gathering. Aerial Impressions use small unmanned units
that have the capacity to perform work that would require a full scale fixed
winged aircraft and pilot, reducing risk to people and property.

Conclusion

In conclusion if granted relief for :14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b) 14 CFR § 91.7(a) 14 CFR §
91.119(c) 14 CFR § 91.151(a) 14 CFR § 91.405(a). Aerial Impression believes they can
perform safe, efficient and responsible flight operations. Promoting legal flight
operations solutions to ensure greater public safety and discouraging unlaw use. While
lessen risk to pilots, property and civilians due to the implementation of lightweight small
unmanned systems.
Sincerely,

 Todd Massey
 Owner Operator
 Aerial Impressions, LLC
 414-899-8512
 aerialimpressionsMKE@gamil.com
