July 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12156
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1673

Mr. David M. Garrett
Aerial Sciences Corporation
5901 East Lippizan Way
Hereford, AZ 85615

Dear Mr. Garrett:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aerial Sciences Corporation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
survey, inspection, imaging, search and rescue, and training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the AR-960 and AR-540.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Sciences Corporation is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Sciences Corporation is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AR-960 and AR-
    540 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 4, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request; Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform
Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103;
91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
("Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. 11, Aerial Sciences Corporation ("Petitioner")
hereby applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs")
to allow commercial operation of small unmanned aircraft systems ("sUAS") in
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") for use in a
variety of commercial applications so long as such operations are conducted
within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by
the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
commercial operation of sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is:
1) limited; 2) predetermined; and, 3) controlled as to access. The exemption
would also provide safety enhancements to the safe operations currently
performed by those presently using conventional manned aircraft. Approval
of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "....establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

1. Name and Address of the Petitioner

Aerial Sciences Corporation
Attn: David M. Garrett
5901 E. Lippizan Way
Hereford, AZ 85615
Tel: 520.227.1865
Email: david.garrett@msn.com

                                                                                                      1  
2. Company Background

Aerial Sciences Corporation based in Arizona intends to provide solutions
supporting development and application of Unmanned Aircraft Systems to
satisfy Government and Commercial needs. Following approval of this
exemption request would enable Aerial Sciences the use of our sUAS to
conduct operations within a variety of industry and business applications such
as Aerial Survey/Inspection and Imaging, Agricultural, Forestry, Wildlife
Preservation, Law Enforcement, and Search and Rescue, and Training so
long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section
333.

Petitioner is staffed with personnel who hold Airline Transport Pilot (ATP),
Certified Flight Instructor (CFI) ­ Instrument (CFII), Commercial, Instrument,
and Private Pilot ratings, Airframe and Powerplant (A&P) Licenses. The
Petitioner has extensive experience in UAS flight/payload operations, training,
and maintenance of UAS for the US Army.

This airman, and UAS knowledge and experience will be leveraged to
maintain and enhance user and public safety throughout all aspects of
unmanned aircraft (UA) ground and flight operations conducted by Aerial
Sciences upon approval of this exemption request.

3. Regulations from which the exemption is requested, If such
regulations apply to sUASs.
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109;
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.121;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b).

4. Statutory Authority for Exemptions
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue

                                                                         2  
exemptions. This statutory authority includes civil aircraft as the term is
defined under §40101 of the Act, including sUASs, from the requirement that
all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-
44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public
interest. 49 USC §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704;
14 CFR §91.203(a)(1).

Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining
whether sUAS may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without
creating a hazard to the user, the public, or pose a threat to national security.
In making this determination the Secretary must consider:

    · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Whether the sUAS operates within visual line of sight of the operator;
    · Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated

         areas.

Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id.
§333(c).

5. Secondary Documentation (Proprietary)

The following secondary documentation is provided for reference as
supplemental information pertaining to this Petition:

    1. ASC-sUAS Flight Standards
    2. ASC-Preflight Inspection & Operations Check List
    3. AR-960 sUAS Manual
    4. AR-540 sUAS Manual

These documents will be retained at the ground control point accessible by
the pilot in command (PIC).

6. Unmanned Aircraft Systems

Aerial Sciences Corporation designs and purpose builds its sUAS for mission
specific applications utilizing commercially available airframes, flight
controllers, electronics, and components. They are multirotor equipped
aircraft 1.5 meter in diameter or less, and less than 55 pounds in weight
including payload. They operate at a speed of no more than 50 knots and
have the ability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. They are equipped with GPS Flight Controllers and data link

                                                                                                      3  
communications capability for operator control via ground control station or
hand radio transmitter controllers and have battery-limited flight duration of
less than one hour. The GPS Flight Controller can be programmed to limit
flight duration with auto-land functions, and limits for flight distance and above
ground level (AGL) altitude, and have return-to-home, loiter, and
predetermined landing location functions in the event of lost data link
communications or flight anomalies. Operating within visual line of sight
(VLOS) of the PIC and visual observer (VO) at no more than 500 feet AGL
and will operate only within the areas described herein. Such operations will
ensure that the sUAS will not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public as described in the FMRA §333(b).

Aerial Sciences proposes within this petition the use of two different sUAS
platforms, AR-960 and AR-540, to support varied mission, payload
configurations, and training purposes -- see provided supplemental Manuals
for each. General specifications are as follows:

· AR-960 Hex/Octo Rotor:

Airframe: Carbon Fiber ­ 960mm Diameter (extendable to 1.5M)

Weight:  35 pounds (maximum with payload)

Propulsion: Six to Eight, 300 - 400KV Electric Motors (configurable)

Propellers: Carbon Fiber 14" ­ 20"

Power:   22.2 Volt, (6S) Lithium-Polymer batteries ­ Dual/Redundant

Speed:   0 - 45 knots

Flight Time: 50 minutes

Autopilot: GPS Flight Controller/Autopilot

Data Link: FCC approved 2.4 GHz

Video:   FCC approved 5.8 GHz

Telemetry: Voltage, Current, Altitude, GPS Lat/Long, Ground Speed

· AR-540 Quad Rotor:

Airframe: Composite/Aluminum ­ 540mm Diameter (extendable to 1

         Meter)

Weight:  15 pounds (maximum with payload)

Propulsion: Four, 400 - 740KV Electric Motors (congfigurable)

Propellers: Carbon Fiber 11" ­ 18"

Power:   14.8 Volt - 22.2 Volt (4S/6S) Lithium-Polymer batteries

Speed:   0 - 45 knots

Flight Time: 60 minutes

Autopilot: GPS Flight Controller/Autopilot

Data Link: FCC approved 2.4 GHz

Video:   FCC approved 5.8 GHz

Telemetry: Voltage, Current, Altitude, GPS Lat/Long, Ground Speed

Aerial Sciences maintains a maintenance log book for each sUAS that

                                                                         4  
documents maintenance history. In addition to PIC pre-flight inspections
conducted before each flight our FAA licensed A&P personnel conduct annual
aircraft inspection and maintenance checks. This includes review of system
and telemetry data files logged from prior flights, inspection for loose or worn
components, balancing of props, cleaning of motors, battery voltage and cell
balancing checks, etc., and performing any needed system repair and
upgrades to include software/firmware for the GPS, Flight Controller/Autopilot,
Radio Transmitter, and Ground Control Station. All scheduled or
unscheduled maintenance and repair actions are documented within the
sUAS maintenance log book. Upon completion of any repair, modification or
upgrade, the aircraft is test flown by a qualified PIC and documented within
the maintenance log book prior to return to service.

7. Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft

The PIC will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's
certificate and third class medical. Additionally, the PIC will have a minimum
of 10 hours sUAS multirotor experience of which at least 5 hours are with the
specific make/model sUAS to be operated (AR-960, AR-540), per the Aerial
Sciences sUAS Flight Standards document.

Training of PICs who do not meet the sUAS multirotor experience will be
gained within dedicated training sessions through use of a multirotor
computer simulator (ground training) and the sUAS platform(s) (logged flight
time) as requested through this exemption. Upon meeting the sUAS flight
hour requirements, logged in a consistent manner per 14 CFR §61.5(b), a
flight proficiency check will be conducted by a Aerial Sciences FAA rated CFI
prior to allowing a PIC to conduct flight operations. Flight currency will be
maintained by the PIC having logged 30 minutes flight time within the
proceeding 90 days with the specific make/model UAS platform. Regaining
currency will be achieved in dedicated training/currency sessions. In addition
to flight proficiency, the PIC will be trained in use of the radio control
transmitter, ground control station, pre-flight inspection of the sUAS, and
operational procedures per Aerial Sciences sUAS Flight Standards document
paraphrased as follows.

Minimum crew for each flight operation will consist of the sUAS PIC and
Visual Observer (VO). Flights will be conducted within VLOS of the PIC at all
times with VO duties assisting PIC in maintaining VLOS and situational
awareness of obstructions, hazards and avoiding other aircraft.
Communication between the PIC and VO will be maintained through direct
voice communications and/or through use of two-way radio or cell phone
throughout the duration of flight.

Prior to each flight the PIC will conduct a thorough pre-flight inspection, per
the Aerial Sciences Preflight and Operations Checklist, to ensure the sUAS is
in safe condition for flight. The pre-flight will include physical inspection of

                                                                                                      5  
components, battery voltage level checks, motor run-up, payload system,
ground control station and communications checks in preparation of flight. If
the inspection reveals a condition that prohibits safe operation, the PIC will
remove the aircraft from service until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and documented and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight.

The PIC will conduct pre-flight planning to include obtaining weather briefings,
identifying hazards and obstructions, and establishing predetermined mission
flight path and limited and controlled area for safe operation. The Petitioner
will submit to the Air Traffic Organization (ATO) a Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any flight operations. The Petitioner
will request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance,
but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

All flight operations will be conducted within a limited area that is strictly
controlled over private or controlled-access property with permission from the
land owner or their authorized representative for each flight to be conducted.
The PIC will conduct pre-flight safety briefings with all personnel supporting
flight activities in regard to the planned sUAS operations and mission plan
prior to each flight. Flight operations will typically be conducted at least 500
feet from all nonparticipating flight operation people, vessels, vehicles, and
structures unless there are barriers or structures that safely protects
nonparticipating persons in event of accident. In the event nonparticipating
persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, the PIC
will immediately cease flight operations. Additionally, if owner of vessels,
vehicles, or structures provides permission and the PIC determines safe
operations can be conducted with undue risk to operating personnel then
flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet.

Aerial Sciences will not conduct flight operations over congested or densely
populated areas, or within 5 miles of an airport unless a letter of agreement is
obtained from the airport management and per NOTAM. All flights will be
conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC) during daylight
hours, at less than 50 knots airspeed and an altitude no greater than 500 feet
AGL, and will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
PIC. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 40 minutes and
allowing for no less than 20% battery as indicated by real-time telemetry
voltage/current data relayed by the aircraft sensors to the PIC control station.

In event the PIC losses data link communications, the GPS equipped sUAS
have the capability to return to a pre-determined location and land and
provides the PIC capability to abort flight and initiate loiter and return-to-home
functions. If an in-flight emergency occurs, the PIC will immediately abort
flight and initiate landing procedures.

                                                                                                      6  
By adhering to these operational procedures, Aerial Sciences, will achieve a
safety level equivalent to, or greater than that, directed by the rules in which
they seek exemption. sUAS are inherently safer in all facets due to the fact
they are much smaller, fly at much slower speeds, have no human operators
or occupants on board and no flammable fuels to be concerned of in event of
crash. As sUAS processes are further refined, and commercial flight
experience gained, the operations will serve to enhance an already higher
level of safety compared to manned flight operations in which serves the
public's best interest in the FAA's pursuit to integrate UAS into the NAS.

Due to the small size of the sUAS involved, ability of the PIC to control and
set flight parameters, and the controlled and limited environment in which
they will operate, the Petitioner falls squarely within that zone of safety (an
equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must,
by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUAS to commence
immediately. Additionally, due to the Private Pilot rating of the PIC, the size
of the sUASs, limited payload capacity and flight durations, the use of
batteries versus flammable fuels, and the limited and tightly controlled areas
in which the sUASs will operate, approval of the application presents no
national security issue.

Given the clear direction in FRMA §333, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts due to battery
operation, and reduced costs of sUAS aircraft assets as compared to
conventional aircraft, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public
interest. Accordingly, Aerial Sciences respectfully requests that the FAA
grant the requested exemption without delay.

8. Description of Specific Regulations

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), Aerial Sciences seeks exemption from the
below mentioned regulations and provides reason as to why the exemption
should be approved based on the level of safety at least equal to that of which
the rules require.

    · 14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates
             Ø Establishes: The procedural requirements for the issuance of
                  airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         Given the small size of the sUAS, the controlled operating areas,
         limitations and conditions Aerial Sciences will adhere to during flight
         operations, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
         requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section
         333 of the "Reform Act" with consideration "of the size, weight, speed,

                                                                                                      7  
    operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of
    the particular UAS."

· 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) ­ Aircraft Marking and Identification
    Requirements

         Ø 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:
             When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
             registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-
             sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally
             certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
             aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
             in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
             words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or
             "provisional," as applicable.

    The sUAS to be flown by Aerial Sciences have no airworthiness
    certificate, an exemption may be needed as the sUAS have no
    entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
    "Experimental" can be placed. The FAA has issued the following
    exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167
    and 10167A.

· 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and
    Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Ø Sections 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-
             commercial operations.

    Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed
    operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current
    operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private
    pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate a
    sUAS. Unlike a conventional manned aircraft, a sUAS is remotely
    controlled by a ground-based operator. The operational area is
    controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in
    advance. The level of safety exceeds that provided by a single
    individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a
    conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the use of a sUAS are
    so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
    operations contemplated by Part 61 allowing sUAS use by a private
    pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety sought by 14
    C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b).

· 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) ­ Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
         Ø No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
             condition.

                                                                                                  8  
    There is no airworthiness certificate for the sUAS to be operated by
    Aerial Sciences. To provide an equivalent level of safety, the PIC will
    conduct pre-flight inspections to ensure airworthiness. During flight,
    the PIC will adhere to § 91.7(b) and abort air operations immediately
    upon identification of an in-flight anomaly or emergency. Licensed A&P
    staff will conduct annual inspections. Maintenance log books will be
    maintained for each sUAS thereby achieving an equivalent level of
    safety.

· 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
         Ø Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-
             registered civil aircraft ..(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft
             Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless
             there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
             Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings,
             and placards, or any combination thereof.

    The sUAS, given their size and configuration have no ability or place to
    carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no
    pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry such
    an item on the aircraft platform. The equivalent level of safety will be
    maintained by keeping the sUAS documentation at the ground control
    point where the PIC will have access to it. The FAA has issued the
    following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
    8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
    10700.

· 14 C.F.R. 91.103 ­ Pre-flight Action
         Ø Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become
             familiar with all available information concerning that flight. This
             information must include- (paragraphs a, b, 1 and 2)

    The PIC will take all actions, to include flight and mission planning,
    reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, safe take-off and
    landing areas, and aircraft performance data before commencement of
    flight. In addition, the PIC will verify the sUAS is ready for flight by
    conducting a pre-flight inspection and run up of systems and data-link
    communications checks prior to each flight.

    The exemption requested for this section is specifically addressed
    toward the requirements which do not apply to sUAS operations such
    as runways and air traffic control integration. The airport manager will
    be notified and approval obtained prior to any operations being
    executed less than five statute miles of an operating airport.

                                                                                                  9  
  14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction
         Ø Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil
             aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
             flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
             controls.

    sUAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully
    functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use
    of a radio transmitter or ground control station that communicates with
    the aircraft via a receiver in the sUAS. The FAA has approved
    exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a
    number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See
    Exemption numbers 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
    provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be
    occupants in the aircraft and by the small size and slow speed of the
    sUAS.

· 14 C.F.R. 91.119 ­ Minimum Safe Altitudes
         Ø Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
             operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: (c) Over other
             than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
             except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
             cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to
             any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

     Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.
     Section 91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the
     minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter
     complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the
     FAA. This exemption is for a sUAS and the exemption requests
     authority to operate at altitudes up to 500 AGL underneath navigable
     airspace and in class E and G airspace maintaining safe separation
     from manned aircraft, an exemption may be needed to allow such
     operations.

     The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight,
     speed of the sUAS as well as the limited and controlled location
     where it is operated. Compared to flight operations with manned
     aircraft weighing far more than the maximum 55 pounds proposed
     herein, and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
     operations is far less than those presently presented with
     conventional manned aircraft. In addition, the low-altitude operations
     of the sUAS will ensure separation between it and operations of
     conventional manned aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

· 14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
         Ø This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to

                                                                                                  10  
             maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set
             "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
             altimeter setting available before departure."

    As the sUAS do not have an adjustable barometric altimeter an
    exemption is required. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
    by the PIC, confirming the altitude of the launch site via the sUAS
    GPS.

· 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) ­ Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
    Conditions
         Ø No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
             conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
             conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
             intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed-- (1)
             During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes;

    This regulation is written based on the capabilities of a traditional
    aircraft which have flight times of several hours or greater; therefore,
    with the majority of sUAS which have flight times of only an hour or
    less, this regulation would effectively deny the ability of the air vehicle
    to operate.

    To meet the intent, Aerial Sciences, will limit its sUAS flights to 60
    minutes, or no less than 20% remaining battery power, which ever
    occurs first, to ensure safe landing and retrieval of the air vehicle and
    providing at least an equal level of safety. Similar exemptions have
    been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
    10673, and 10808.

· 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification
    and Registration
         Ø The regulation provides in pertinent part:

             (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a
             civil aircraft unless it has within it the following: (1) An
             appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

             (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
             airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section
             or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
             displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
             passengers or crew.

    The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated
    without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry
    certification and registration documents or to display them on the

                                                                                                  11  
    sUAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these
    documents at the ground control point where the PIC will have
    immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the
    sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
    representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption
    numbers 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

· 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) & (b) ­
    Maintenance Inspections
         Ø 91.405(a) States: Each owner or operator of an aircraft--(a)
             Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of
             this part and shall between required inspections, except as
             provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
             repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.

         Ø 91.407(a)(1) States: (a) No person may operate any aircraft
             that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance,
             rebuilding, or alteration unless--(1) It has been approved for
             return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
             chapter.

         Ø 91.409(a)(2) States: (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of
             this section, no person may operate an aircraft unless, within
             the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--(2) An
             inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
             accordance with part 21 of this chapter. No inspection
             performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be
             substituted for any inspection required by this paragraph unless
             it is performed by a person authorized to perform annual
             inspections and is entered as an ``annual'' inspection in the
             required maintenance records.

         Ø 91.417(a) & (b) States: (a) Except for work performed in
             accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner
             or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
             specified in paragraph (b) of this section: (paragraphs 1 (i ­ iii),
             2 (i ­ vi)); (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following
             records for the periods prescribed: (paragraphs 1 ­ 3)

    Pre-flight inspections and routine maintenance will be accomplished by
    the PIC to ensure the sUAS is in good working order prior to flight. If
    mechanical issues or emergency situations arise the sUAS can land
    immediately and given its small size poses very little risk to persons or
    property. Upon completion of any repair, modification or upgrade, the
    aircraft is test flown by a qualified PIC and documented within the
    maintenance log book prior to return to service. Annual inspections
    and maintenance will be conducted and documented within the sUAS

                                                                                                  12  
         maintenance log book by licensed A&P personnel to meet the intent of
         these regulations and provide an equivalent level of safety.

9. Summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Register

Aerial Sciences seeks an exemption from the following Regulations: 14
C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)
(2); 91.103; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b) to commercially operate its small
unmanned aircraft systems to support a variety of industry and business
applications, to include, but not limited to, Aerial Survey/Inspection and
Imaging, Agricultural, Forestry, Wildlife Preservation, Law Enforcement, and
Search and Rescue, and Training. Granting Aerial Sciences request for
exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety.

Further, Aerial Sciences sUAS operates at lower altitudes, up to 500 feet
AGL, in predetermined and controlled airspace, weighing less than 55 pounds
and traveling at speeds less than 50 knots. They will provide at least an
equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs.

Aerial Sciences Corporation respectfully requests that the FAA grant its
exemption request without delay. The FAA has the authority to issue the
exemption sought by Aerial Sciences pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85
P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act").

By__________________________  for: Aerial Sciences Corporation
         David M. Garrett              5901 E. Lippizan Way
                                       Hereford, AZ 85615

                                       Tel: 520.227.1865
                                       david.garrett@msn.com

                                 13  
