August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12364
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1785

Mr. Thomas Davis
Owner
Aerial Anthropology LLC
4702 Grace Road
North Olmsted, OH 44070

Dear Mr. Davis:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on May 19, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Aerial Anthropology LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 1 and Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Anthropology LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                               3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aerial Anthropology LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 1 and
    Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017 unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Aerial Anthropology LLC

                                           REQUEST FOR EXEMPTION

Aerial Anthropology LLC
Thomas Davis, Owner
4702 Grace Rd.
North Olmsted, OH 44070
ENTITY ID: 2390423

TABLE OF CONTENTS:

     1. Request for Exemption ­ purpose and operations of Aerial Anthropology
     2. Exemption Details
     3. Appendix A ­ Inspire1 Safety and Flight Details
     4. Appendix B ­ Inspire1 Specifications
     5. Appendix C ­ Phantom1 Safety and Flight Details
     6. Appendix D ­ Phantom1 Specifications
     7. Appendix E ­ Aerial Anthropology General Safety Standards
     8. Appendix F ­ Aerial Anthropology LLC ­ Certificate of Approval ­ State of Ohio

Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from: 14 CFR 21 subpart H; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113(a); 14 CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2);
14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.119(c); 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b);
14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1) 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1) and (2); 14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

To whom it may concern:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 CFR Part
11, Aerial Anthropology LLC, operator of Small Unmanned aircraft Systems ("UAS"), applies for an exemption
from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations to allow commercial operation of its UAS, so long as such operations
are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as my be established by the FAA as required by
Section 333.

Aerial Anthropology will use UAS to capture aerial videography and photography. Aerial Anthropology will not
poses any risk to national security interests in any way and will be dedicated to promoting the safe operation and
flight of UAS within the National Airspace. Aerial Anthropology LLC intends to use aerial videography and
photography to produce high quality media that can serve as a tool to aid in the study of human culture and provide
historical reference for future generations. In addition, Aerial Anthropology will use aerial videography and
photography to provide high quality media used in marketing efforts for several industries including, but not limited
to businesses, municipalities, cities, states, parks, non-profit organizations, and academia.

The Commercial operation of UAS equipped with photography equipment, as described herein, would operate in the
following manner:

1. Aerial videography for public and/or private use including but not limited to marketing, insurance, agriculture,
architecture, historical reference, video services, real estate, golf courses, land surveying, events, and other related
professional activities.
2. Aerial photography for public and/or private use including but not limited to marketing, insurance, agriculture,
architecture, historical reference, video services, real estate, golf courses, land surveying, events, and other related
professional activities.
3. Aerial photography for public and/or private use including but not limited to television, public events, and other
cinematography projects.
4. Aerial videography for public and/or private use including but not limited to television, public events, and other
cinematography projects.
5. Aerial inspection/photography of residential/commercial structures under contract with the owners or local
government authority.
Aerial Anthropology LLC

6. Provide safety training and education to hobbyists, photographers, and organizations that will be operating UAS.
Our intention is to spread awareness and ensure safety and best practices by placing education at the forefront of this
industry.
7. Provide consulting on the best practices around the purchase, use, flight, safety, and maintenance of UAS

As described in the pages below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of UAS under controlled
conditions in the NAS that would be a) limited b) controlled c) predetermined and d) will provide safety
enhancements to the already safe operations in the industry presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities to "....establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system."

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR Part 21 subpart H
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119 (c)
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b)

The UAS are multi-rotor craft weighing no more than 55lbs. including payload. Under normal conditions they
operate at speeds of no more than 50kts and have the ability hover and move along a vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. They will operate in line of sight (VLOS) and will operate within the rules of the NAS and in only
areas deemed safe for flight.

Based on the equipment that will be used and the safety procedure in place our proposed operations will completely
adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. The approval of this application presents no national security
issues. Regarding the level of safety surrounding the proposed operations and the public benefit, reduction in
environmental impacts, including but not limited to reduced emissions and noise, the grant of the requested
exemption is in the public interest. Accordingly the applicant requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
with minimum delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The operation limitations proposed for an equivalent or higher level of safety because operations will further
enhance the safety of the persons and/or property using conventional aircraft.
These limitations and conditions to which the applicant agrees to adhere to when conducting commercial operations
under the FAA issued exemption as set forth in the Flight Operations Manual (FOM) include:
1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs.
2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.
3. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be less than 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated at 25%
battery power reserve or 30 minutes of flight time whichever occurs first.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) and not more than
200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is planned.
5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, the Visual Observer (VO) and may also involve
a Camera Operator in certain situations, but will not be required in addition to the PIC and the VO.
Aerial Anthropology LLC

6. The UAS pilot will be a designated Pilot in Command (PIC). If the PIC feels another operator to be qualified with
the necessary skills to be PIC & possess a valid state driver's license, that person may be designated PIC provided
they have a minimum of 40 hours of flight time with the UAS.
7. A briefing will be performed regarding the planned UAS operations prior to each day's flight consisting of all the
days' production activities.
8. The operator will file FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as modified in light of the requested exemption, with
the appropriate local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) no more than 72 hours but no less than 48 hours from
planned operation.
9. The operator will obtain verbal/written consent of all persons involved with the planned operation and ensure that
only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation, and the radius may be reduced to 30
feet based upon an equivalent level of safety determination, as required under the FOM. With the advanced
permission of the FSDO, operations at closer range may be approved.
10. The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAS and will maintain current knowledge of UAS.
11. The PIC and VO will be able to clearly communicate by voice, radio, and/or text at all times.
12. Written and/or verbal permission and permits will be obtained, when necessary, from territorial, state, county or
city jurisdictions, including law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies.
13. If the UAS loses communications or loses GPS signal, the UAS will have the capability to return to a pre-
determined location within a designated location and land autonomously.
14. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles, weather, or emergencies.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated
with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49
U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria
demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating
with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.
The UAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no
explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured and designated area. Unlike
other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator
and under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements. The FAA will have advance
notice of all operations. These safety enhancements provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security
posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
The regulation requires:
When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted
or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAS will have no
entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the
UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance
with §45.29 (f).
The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f)
where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAS will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental."

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command. Pursuant to 14 CFR 61.113
(a), no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
Aerial Anthropology LLC

passengers or property for compensation or hire. Our UAS do not carry any pilots or passengers nor property
therefore I am seeking an exemption to 14 CFR 61.113(a). Although helpful, a pilot's license will not ensure remote
control piloting skills. The risks attendant to the operation of UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
commercial activities outlined in 14 CFR 61. I feel the operation and limitations set forth in the FOM will equate to
the safe operation of the UAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As there will be
no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard
will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft for maintenance and use of safety check lists
prior to each flight an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2) For which an Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
combination thereof. The UAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an
item on the aircraft. The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action.
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As
FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. The PIC
will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and
aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight Instruction.
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. UAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by
their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control
box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight
training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the
aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be
operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route
or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a UAS that is a helicopter and the
exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform
from which filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS
will never operate at higher than 400 AGL with the exception that in circumstances where the UAS is used to survey
or photograph a structure whose height exceeds 400 feet AGL, the UAS will not be operated more than 100' above
the highest point on the structure. It will however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter, where
buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the location
where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local officials. Because
of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be
aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more
than the maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations
is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the
low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations
of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings.
Aerial Anthropology LLC

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter
that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."
As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the safety check list and live flight data
monitoring, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing,
and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to
fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 30 minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30 minute reserve
requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, UAS flights would be limited to approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the
limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined
area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or twilight VFR conditions is reasonable.
Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior exemptions. Operating
the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or official representatives who
have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks
that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting
UAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted. Applicant
believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery
power-- whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned
landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
The regulation provides in pertinent part:
(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:
(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew.
The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no
ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the
pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in
subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the
aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant
to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small
UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods
of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet
AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with
the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance
with the UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the Aircraft Operations Manual (AOM). As provided in the
FOM, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight and perform required
maintenance needed.
