                                  Exemption No. 11220

                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                        WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of

AERIAL PRODUCTION SERVICES,                 Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0836
INC.

for an exemption from part 21; and
§§ 45.23(b); 61.113(a) and (b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b)(2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119;
91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2);
and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

         By letter dated October 7, 2014,1 Mr. Michael D. Curran, Esq./ATP/CFI/MEI,
Curran & Curran Law, 90 North Coast Highway 101, Suite 103, Encinitas, California 92024,
petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Aerial Production
Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator), for an exemption from part 21, and
§§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption would allow the petitioner to
operate the DJI Phantom 2 unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography
and inspection.2

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations,
including the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The petitioner has provided the following information to support its request for an exemption:

1 By email dated February 17, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's Request for Information.
2 By email dated March 9, 2015, the petitioner's legal counsel clarified the petitioner's proposed operations to
only include aerial photography and inspection. Closed-set filming operations are not proposed by the petitioner.

AFS-15-075-E
                                                                    2

    1. Aerial Production Services, Inc. Operator's Manual and Checklists V2.14.15
    2. Phantom 2 User Manual V1.4

The petition and the document above are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents.

The FAA evaluated the petition and determined it was not precedent-setting. Therefore, a
summary of the petition was not published in the Federal Register for public comment.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into four sections: (1) UAS, (2) the UAS pilot in
command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating parameters, and (4) the public interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts. In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in
reference to 49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and
testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned aircraft conducting aerial photography operations can weigh thousands of pounds or
more and are operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as
well as carry large quantities of fuel. The petitioner's unmanned aircraft (UA) weighs less
than 5 pounds, including payload. The pilot and crew will be remotely located from the
aircraft. The limited weight and construction reduces the potential for harm to persons or
damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and
crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for the proposed
operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
UA carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or accident due to fuel
spillage is eliminated.

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and uses a failsafe mode to return to home and land when connection
is lost. The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of the global positioning system (GPS) or a
lost-link event with pre-coordinated automated flight maneuvers. These safety features
provide an equivalent level of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding a restricted
airworthiness certificate performing a similar operation.
                                                                    3

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b), Display of marks, the
petitioner's request is made under the assumption that marking with the word
"experimental" will be required as a condition of an exemption request. However, this
marking is reserved for aircraft that are issued experimental certificates under § 21.191.
Since the petitioner's UAS will not be certificated under 14 CFR § 21.191, a grant of
exemption for 14 CFR § 45.23(b) is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a) Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records, the FAA has evaluated
the petitioner's request and determined that an exemption to these requirements is warranted.
The FAA notes that the petitioner's operating documents contain preflight and post flight
checks for the UAS. The FAA has also determined that relief from § 91.409(a)(1) is also
necessary because it is an alternate inspection requirement of § 91.409(a)(2). The FAA finds
that adherence to the operating documents and the conditions and limitations below is
sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

Pilot in Command (PIC)

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b) Private pilot
privileges and limitations, the petitioner requested to operate its UAS without an FAA-
certificated pilot. However, the FAA does not possess the authority to exempt the petitioner
from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate, as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.
Although Section 333 provides limited flexibility to the statutory requirement to hold an
airworthiness certificate, it does not provide flexibility for other requirements of title 49. For
further information see Exemption No. 11110, Trimble Navigation, Ltd.

The FAA is also requiring a pilot certificate for UAS operations because pilots holding an
FAA issued private or commercial pilot certificate are subject to security screening by the
Department of Homeland Security that certificated airmen undergo. As previously
determined by the Secretary, the requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates
security concerns over civil UAS operations conducted in accordance with Section 333.

Given these grounds, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for
the petitioner's proposed operation. Under current regulations, civil operations for
compensation or hire require a PIC holding a commercial pilot certificate, per 14 CFR part 61.
Based on the private pilot limitations, in accordance with pertinent parts of 14 CFR
§ 61.113(a), a pilot holding a private pilot certificate cannot act as a PIC of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial
(Astraeus), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating the
Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.
                                                                    4

The petitioner's proposal to operate its UAS without an FAA-certificated pilot is similar to
other petitions considered by the FAA. As in Exemption Nos. 11109 (Clayco, Inc.) and
11170 (Viafield), the FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and determined it
does not differ significantly from these grants of exemption. The petitioner plans to operate
in the NAS over controlled access property with the permission of the property
owner/controller, while also limiting property access to consenting participants while
operations are underway. Given: 1) the similar nature of the petitioner's proposed operating
environment to that of Clayco and Viafield, 2) the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical
knowledge requirements to those of commercial requirements [ref: Exemption No. 11062,
Astraeus Aerial], and 3) the airmanship skills necessary to operate in the UAS, the FAA finds
that the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would
not necessarily correlate to the airmanship skills required for the petitioner's proposed
operations. Therefore, the FAA finds that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-
class airman medical certificate is appropriate for the proposed operations.

With regard to the airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS, the petitioner has proposed
pilot qualification criteria and a training program described in the operating documents. The
conditions and limitations below stipulate that the petitioner may not permit any PIC to
operate unless that PIC has completed the petitioner's training program, that the PIC is able to
safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. The petitioner is responsible for
assessing its operations and identifying any additional skills required to operate safely under
normal and abnormal conditions. Normal condition skills may include the ability to maintain
altitude, maintain visual line of sight (VLOS), and navigational skills. Abnormal condition
skills may include the ability to avoid obstacles, avoid air traffic, and respond to loss of link.

In conclusion, the FAA finds that a PIC holding a current private pilot certificate and a third-
class airman medical certificate, and who has completed the petitioner's flight training
requirements, can conduct the proposed UAS operations without adversely affecting the
safety of the National Airspace System (NAS) and persons or property on the ground. Upon
consideration of the overall safety case presented by the petitioner, the FAA finds that
granting the relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) is warranted. The FAA also finds that relief from
14 CFR § 61.113(b) is not necessary.

The petitioner indicates it plans to supplement its proposed operation(s) with a visual observer
(VO). In Grant of Exemption No. 11062, the FAA agreed with the petitioner's proposed use
of a VO and required a VO to be used in all UAS operations. The UA must never be operated
beyond the actual visual capabilities of the VO, and the VO and PIC must have the ability to
maintain VLOS with the UA at all times. It is the responsibility of the PIC to be aware of the
VO's visual limitations and limit operations of the UA to distances within the visual
capabilities of both the PIC and VO. Moreover, the VO will not be operating the aircraft.
Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062, the FAA does not consider a medical
                                                                    5

certificate necessary for the VO and the requirement for a VO is included in the conditions
and limitations below. Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial, the
FAA does not consider a medical certificate necessary for the VO.

UAS Operating Parameters

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft
airworthiness, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.7(a) is necessary. While the petitioner's
UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, Subpart
H, the FAA considers the petitioner's compliance with its operating documents to be a
sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition. Therefore, relief from § 91.7(a) is
granted. The petitioner is still required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy condition ­
based on compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the
conditions and limitations below.

In accordance with 14 CFR § 91.7(b) Civil aircraft airworthiness, the PIC of the UAS is
responsible for determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. The FAA, as
in grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus, has determined that the operating documents
include procedures to be used prior to each flight that can ensure compliance with § 91.7(b).
The petitioner is required to ensure that its aircraft is in a condition for safe flight ­ based on
compliance with the operating documents­ prior to every flight.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from §§ 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight manual,
marking, and placard requirements and 91.203(a) and (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications
required, the FAA has previously determined in Grant of Exemption 11062, Astraeus Aerial,
that relief from these sections is not necessary. Relevant materials may be kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.103 Preflight action, although
there will be no approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual as specified in paragraph
(b)(1), the FAA believes that the petitioner can comply with the other applicable requirements
in 14 CFR § 91.103(b)(2). The procedures outlined in the petitioner's operating documents
address the FAA's concerns regarding compliance with § 91.103(b). The PIC will take all
actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landings, and takeoff
distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight. The FAA has imposed
stricter requirements with regard to visibility and distance from clouds; this is to both keep the
UA from departing VLOS and to preclude the UA from operating so close to a cloud as to
create a hazard to other aircraft operating in the NAS. The FAA also notes the risks associated
with sun glare; the FAA believes that the PIC's and VO's ability to still see other air traffic,
combined with the PIC's ability to initiate a return-to-home sequence, are sufficient
mitigations in this respect. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions
in his or her preflight procedures. Therefore, the FAA finds that exemption from
14 CFR 91.103 is not necessary.
                                                                    6

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other company-designated individual, that would
require that individual to have fully functioning dual controls. Furthermore, the FAA is
requiring that the petitioner's PICs possess at least a private pilot's certificate. Also, this
exemption will require that training operations only be conducted during dedicated training
sessions. The FAA finds that safety will not be adversely impacted if the petitioner follows
the training outlined in the operating documents. As such, the FAA finds that the petitioner
can conduct its operations without the requested relief from § 91.109.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes, the
petitioner did not specify the paragraph(s) in 14 CFR § 91.119 from which it requires relief.
Relief from § 91.119(a), which requires operating at an altitude that allows a safe emergency
landing if a power unit fails, is not granted. The FAA expects the petitioner to be able to
perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface if a
power unit fails. Relief from § 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable,
because the petitioner states that operations will be conducted over sparsely populated areas.
Relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because the aircraft will be operated at altitudes below
400 feet above ground level (AGL). Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes: over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. Section 91.119(c)
provides that in operations over water or sparsely populated areas, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The petitioner states
that it will operate pursuant to the following, self-imposed restrictions related to § 91.119:

    · Petitioner will not operate within the boundaries of Class B, C, or D airspace without
         written approval from the FAA;

    · Petitioner will avoid operations over nonparticipating persons;
    · Petitioner will limit operations to Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and

         daylight hours;
    · Petitioner will ensure aircraft operations remain within VLOS of the PIC and VO and

         will be visually monitored at all times;
    · Petitioner will operate no closer than 5 miles from an airport

As discussed in Exemption No. 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507),
operations conducted closer than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated
closer than 500 feet to essential persons, or objects that would not be possible without
additional relief. Therefore, the FAA is requiring that prior to conducting UAS operations, all
persons not essential to flight operations (nonparticipating persons) must remain at
appropriate distances. In open areas this requires the UA to remain 500 feet from all persons
other than essential flight personnel (i.e., PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons).
                                                                    7

The FAA has also considered that the UA will weigh about 5 pounds. If barriers or structures
are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA or debris in the
event of an accident, then the UA may operate closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such
protection. The operator must also ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately. When considering how
to immediately cease operations, the primary concern is the safety of those nonparticipating
persons. In addition, the FAA finds that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to
vessels, vehicles and structures when the land owner/controller grants such permission and the
PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determines
that it does not present an undue hazard.

Thus, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted, provided adherence to the
procedures in the operating documents and the FAA's additional conditions and limitations
outlined below. Relief from § 91.119(a) is unwarranted as the FAA expects the petitioner to
be able to perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the
surface. Relief from §§ 91.119(b) and 91.119(d) are not applicable.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter Settings, the UAS
will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard the aircraft. It uses information
generated from GPS to transmit altitude information to the PIC. As stated in the conditions
and limitations below, the FAA requires any altitude reported to Air Traffic Control (ATC) to
be in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the GPS altitude indicator to zero feet AGL
rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude before flight. Considering the limited
altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 is granted to the extent
necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.151 (a) Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than
prescribed minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar
UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime,
VFR conditions. The petitioner's request references two different minimum power states:
1) at 30 minutes flight time or 25% power, whichever comes first, and 2) at 60 minutes flight
time or 10% power, whichever comes first. The petitioner's UA operating documents
reference two low battery indications, the first at 30% power remaining and a second at 15%
power remaining. A third signal, not visible to the pilot, triggers auto-land. As in exemption
No. 11138 (Douglas Trudeau), the FAA finds that the UA's proposed flight altitudes and
proximity to the pilot provide sufficient reason to grant relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) as
requested, and in accordance with the conditions and limitations below. Thus, the petitioner
will land the UAS at 30 minutes total flight time or 25% power remaining, whichever occurs
first. Additionally, the PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.
                            8

The FAA Air Traffic Organization (ATO) reviews all proposed UAS operations and evaluates
the safety of these operations relative to the requested airspace through the existing Certificate
of Waiver or Authorization (COA) process. The majority of current UAS operations
occurring in the NAS are being coordinated through Air Traffic Control (ATC) by the
issuance of a COA. This process not only makes local ATC facilities aware of UAS
operations, but also provides ATC the ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to
UAS operations. The COA will require the operator to request a NOTAM, which is the
mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS to the UAS activities being conducted. The
conditions and limitations below prescribe the requirement for the petitioner to obtain an
ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety and
reduced environmental impact achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

The following table summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding regulatory relief:

Relief considered (14 CFR)  FAA determination (14 CFR)
21                          Relief not necessary
45.23(b)                    Relief not necessary
61.113(a) and (b)           Relief from 61.113(a) is granted with
                            conditions and limitations; relief from
91.7(a)                     61.113(b) not necessary
91.9(b)(2)                  Relief granted with conditions and
91.103                      limitations
91.109                      Relief not necessary
                            Relief not necessary
91.119                      Relief not necessary
                            Relief not granted for paragraph (a);
91.121                      paragraph (b) relief not applicable;
                            paragraph (c) relief granted with
                            conditions and limitations; paragraph (d)
                            relief not applicable
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations
91.151(a)             9
91.203(a) and (b)
91.405(a)             Relief granted from 91.151(a)(1), day,
91.407(a)(1)          with conditions and limitations
91.409(a)(1) and (2)  Relief not necessary
91.417(a) and (b)     Relief granted with conditions and
                      limitations
                      Relief granted with conditions and
                      limitations
                      Relief granted with conditions and
                      limitations
                      Relief granted with conditions and
                      limitations

The FAA's Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aerial Production Services, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the
petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of aerial photography and inspection. This
exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Aerial Production Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

    1) Aerial Production Services, Inc. Operator's Manual and Checklists V2.14.15
    2) Phantom 2 User Manual V1.4

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing about 5
         pounds: DJI Phantom 2 Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.
                                                             10

2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting operations for the
    purpose of aerial photography and inspection for various industries.

3) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
    altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
    (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
    medical certificate.

6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
    Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
    prescribed in the operating documents.

7) The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
    avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions, and is not
    permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

8) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.
                                                             11

9) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo
    a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
    entry in the aircraft records.

11) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
    potential discrepancies (e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
    covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents).

12) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
    aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
    the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

15) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot airman certificate and at least a current
    third class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
    specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

17) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
    qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including
    evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
    persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency
    must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). The PIC must ensure
    that the VO is trained appropriately in order to fulfill her or her duties. A record of
                                                             12

    training must be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator.
    Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency,
    and experience-building) are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
    operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with
    appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM), as required by the operator's
    Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). The letter of agreement with the airport
    management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
    intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to
    conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will require the
    operator to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
    hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with
    airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude
    level and potential transponder requirements.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                             13

    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27) The operator is required to keep a copy of the UAS manufacturer's operating/flight
    manual and all other operating documents in a location accessible to the PIC, during
    flight operations. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or
    any law enforcement official upon request.

28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aviation operations
    and activities at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
             must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
             situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
             within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
             owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
             those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
             present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

 32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
     permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
     Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
     obtained prior to the beginning of every flight.

33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                   14

         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on March 20, 2015.

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
