April 27, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11435
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0214

Mr. Andy Thurling
AeroVironment, Inc.
900 Enchanted Way
Simi Valley, CA 93065

Dear Mr. Thurling:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of AeroVironment, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct inspections of fixed infrastructures in controlled environments.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Shrike.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, AeroVironment, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, AeroVironment, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Shrike when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
               
900 Enchanted Way
Simi Valley, CA 93065

January 26, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington DC, 20590

RE: First Exemption Request for AeroVironment, Inc. Under Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, AeroVironment, Inc. ("AV") requests exemptions from several
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR"), specifically portions of 14 C.F.R.
Parts 47, 61, and 91 to allow, among other things, commercial operations of its Shrike
small unmanned aircraft systems ("Shrike") in areas of the United States, as further
defined herein, by a Pilot in Command holding a private pilot certificate. AV submits this
application for approval of commercial operations for the Shrike request summary
processing as the relief requested herein has been granted to others. Exemption 11109
and others, as set forth herein, authorize the commercial operation of small UASs on
terms and conditions that AV accepts.1

Shrike is a lightweight, battery-powered, hand-launched, small unmanned aircraft
system ("UAS") that, depending on its payload, is capable of transmitting live airborne
video images and location information to a Ground Control Station ("GCS"). Shrike is
designed for vertical take-off and landing ("VTOL") with a maximum weight of 7.0
pounds, a length of 34.8 inches, a width of 35.3 inches, and a wingspan of 3.0 feet. It
has a flight endurance of 40 minutes with a ground speed of between 4 to 15 meters (0
to 30 knots) per second in forward flight and typically operates at an altitude of less than
400 feet AGL. AV proposes to fly Shrike, a proven aircraft already operating in the
United States under a certificate of authorization ("COA") issued by the FAA to the
University of Alaska Fairbanks (Exhibit C), for the intended purpose of inspecting fixed
infrastructures in controlled environments. AV's proven safety record, in tandem with the
controlled environments in which Shrike will be operating make it clear that this
unmanned aircraft can operate safely in the National Airspace System ("NAS") without
posing a threat to national security.


1AV today has submitted a companion Section 333 application for the Shrike that
requests authority to conduct commercial operations in Class E and D airspace as well
as night operations.

                                                                                                  1

Shrike's capabilities combined with AV's successful unmanned flight experience to date,
make it ideally suited to conduct commercial operations in carefully controlled
environments under Class G airspace and within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS"). Shrike
operations are all conducted within visual line of sight (VLOS) and typically conducted
within 500 meters of observer, thus enhancing safety procedures.

Acknowledging the FAA's mission to provide the safest and most efficient airspace
system in the world, commercial operations of Shrike will comply with applicable FAR
provisions as well as AV's operational risk management and safety protocols as outlined
and defined in the attached exhibits. Exhibits A-B and D-F are submitted confidentially.
AV will only fly in airspace as allowed under the exemption granted to it and will
coordinate with the FAA as necessary to ensure safe operations.

As a result of the Shrike's size, weight, maximum speed, operational capability, and
safety record; the distance at which it will operate from airports and populated areas; its
operation within VLOS of the PIC or the observer; its operation within controlled
boundaries; and its operation using visual observers to provide de-confliction from other
air traffic, the Shrike does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public. Nor
does it pose a threat to national security. Therefore, the FAA should grant AV the
requested exemptions. Alternatively, if the FAA finds that modification of AV's application
is required for safe operation of the Shrike in the NAS, AV requests that the FAA
delineate the required modifications and process AV's application as if the modifications
were already made.2.

AV recognizes that the FAA has granted exemption with similar circumstances as noted
in FAA Exemption Nos. 11109, 11111, 11114, 11136,11138.

This exemption request encompasses the following regulations with discussion for each
described herein:

14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)  14 C.F.R. 91.151 (b)
14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)          14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)           14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. 91.121             14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
                             14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)


2If the Secretary determines that any qualifying vehicle "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c). Applicant
interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process
applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft
conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it should be determined that the
conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.



                                                                                                  2

The name and address of the applicant are:

AeroVironment, Inc.                                Attn: Doug Scott
Address: 900 Enchanted Way, Simi Valley, CA 93065  Phone: (805) 581-2187 x2694
Attn: Andy Thurling                                Email: scott@avinc.com
Phone: (805) 581-2198 x1892
Fax: (805) 581-4512
Email: Thurling@avinc.com

                      Section 333's Mandate and the Federal Aviation Act

Grant of this exemption application for use of the Shrike in aerial surveillance pursuant to
the exemption requested herein will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333
of the FAA Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of UASs into the NAS. Section 333
directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate
safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
FAA Reform Act. To make that determination, the Secretary must evaluate which types
of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to
national security in light of several criteria:

      · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
      · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
      · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

FAA Reform Act § 333(b)(1). Once the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may
operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id.
§ 333(c) (emphasis added).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. 49
U.S.C.§ 44701(f). This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft,
as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, from the requirements that all civil
aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate, 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a), and those
used in commercial service must be piloted by commercial pilots. 14 C.F.R. §§
91.61.113(a) and (b), 61.133.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on (i) the clear
direction in Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act; (ii) additional authority in the Federal
Aviation Act, as amended; (iii) the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations; and (iv) the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety
and cost savings associated with utilizing UASs for agriculture, aerial survey
photography, inspection and patrolling. Accordingly, AV respectfully requests that the
FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

                                                 Airworthiness
The Shrike is safe and fit for operation in the NAS under the conditions listed herein.
Shrike has been safely operating under a COA issued by the FAA to the University of

                                                                                                  3

Alaska Fairbanks since 2013. It complies with all aspects of the North Slope Standard
Operating Procedures Manual accepted by the FAA and provided as supporting
documentation. Shrike has flown a total of 225 hours.

In support of this application, AV is submitting, with a request for confidentiality as
shown, the following documents:

     Shrike Specifications and Description, Exhibit A (Confidential)
     Safety Components and Procedures, Exhibit B (Confidential)
     Shrike COA issued to the University Alaska Fairbanks, Geophysical Institute,

         dated Sept. 23, 2013, Exhibit C.
     AV Shrike Operations Manual, Exhibit D.(Confidential)North Slope Standard

         Operating Procedures Manual, Exhibit E.(Confidential)
     National Airspace Standard Operating Procedure, Exhibit F.(Confidential)

                                   Mandatory Operating Conditions

AV proposes that the grant of the exemption be subject to the following mandatory
conditions, which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by
public entities pursuant to Certificates of Waiver or Authorization, and with additional
restrictions:

     All operations to occur in Class G airspace within controlled areas.
     Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property to limit the

         number of persons not associated with the operations place at risk.
     Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
     Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
     Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).
     Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet.
     Flights over sensitive infrastructure such as pipelines or roads will be minimized

         to reduce the time the infrastructure is placed at risk, and
     Flights over sensitive infrastructure will be offset appropriately for the wind at the

         time of flight to reduce the risk to the infrastructure.
     Launch and recovery areas will be cordoned off to limit access only to personnel

         associated with the flight operation.
     A dedicated Visual Observer will be utilized to maintain overall operation

         situational awareness; maintain VLOS and scan for intruder traffic; monitor all
         radio communication to include "Guard" in accordance with any COA; and report
         on CTAF and other frequencies as appropriate.
     All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 5 NM from
         centerline azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds.
     Operator will file a NOTAM for each flight.
     All required authorizations and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
         county, or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         governmental agencies.
     Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons (persons other than the PIC or VO), vessels, vehicles, and structures
         unless:

                                                                                                  4

                    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
                         nonparticipating persons from debris in the event of an accident. The
                         operator will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                         protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave
                         such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations
                         must cease immediately and/or;

                    b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                    land owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a
                    safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and;
                    c. operations near the PIC or VO will not present an undue hazard to the
                    PIC or VO, per § 91.119(a).

                                    Proposed Operating Parameters

AV proposes to conduct all flights within VLOS of a pilot and observer and all flights will
be limited to a maximum altitude of 400 feet AGL. To further enhance safety and a
controlled environment, AV only allows authorized personnel in the operational area. On
the ground, the launch site is blocked off using cones, and there is a designated person
to intercept anyone not authorized. This procedure not only protects non-authorized
individuals, it also minimizes distractions for the flight crew. In addition, the airspace is
covered by a NOTAM, which is filed before flight. Furthermore, the observer, who is
properly trained for the operations, monitors local air traffic frequencies in order to
communicate with any air traffic nearby, if required by the COA.

                                          Operator Requirements

AV respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UAS. The Shrike is an inherently stable, lightweight
aircraft that weighs 7.0 pounds (at its maximum weight) and will be operated in
controlled areas. While AV will be using a PIC holding an FAA private pilot certificate,
the safety concerns addressed by requiring a private pilot certificate are not present with
the operation of the Shrike. Although the Shrike can be configured to give the pilot full
control to the aircraft and payload during flight, the Shrike has an advanced autopilot that
flies the aircraft, managing altitude and flight path within the intended flight envelope at
all times when that flight mode is engaged. The autopilot limits maneuvering to simple
airspeed, altitude, and turn rate changes. These limits are hard coded into the autopilot
and define the aircraft's normal flight operating envelope. The autopilot manages pitch,
bank, and throttle to maintain target airspeed, target turn rate, and target altitude. For in
flight modes that do not use GPS, the operator manually guides the flight path by
controlling target airspeed, target altitude, and target turn rate directly. In flight modes
that use GPS, the autopilot controls target turn rate to fly to waypoints. The system does
not allow commands that are outside of the normal operating envelope, and the operator
never affects control surface movements directly. Equally significant is the fact that
Shrike operates within a tight visual line of sight (500 meters) and is therefore easily
maneuvered within a visual operating area. See Shrike Operations Manual, Exhibit D.

                                                                                                  5

        Specific Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety Showings

        14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133(a)- Private Pilot Privileges and
           Limitations: Pilot in Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and
                                                  Limitations

Regulations provide as follows:

Subsections (a) and (b) of § 61.113 prohibit private pilots from operating aircraft in
commercial operations, and Section 61.133(a) requires an individual operating an
aircraft for compensation or hire to hold a commercial pilot certificate. The FAA has the
statutory authority to waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations. 49 U.S.C.
§ 44701(f).Basis for exemption is as follows:AV requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R.
§§ 61.113(a) and (b) and 14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a) so that the Shrike may be operated by
individuals who (a) have a private pilot certificate, and (b) have completed AV's US
military-approved training program for operation of the Shrike.

Based upon the design features of the Shrike, its autopilot system, and safety factors,
the FAA should permit operation of UASs by operators with a private pilot certificate
when the conditions described above have been satisfied. The above-described
conditions are in line with those set forth in Volume 16, Chapter 4, Section 1 of FAA
Order 8900.1.AV proposes to conduct operations in accordance with these restrictions.
Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of the Shrike with a private pilot certificate. The risks associated with
the operation of the Shrike (given its size, speed, operational capabilities, and lack of
combustible fuel) are so much less than the level of risk associated with manned
operations, both private and commercial, as contemplated by Part 61, that allowing
operations of the Shrike, as set forth above, meets or exceeds the present level of safety
provided under 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b) and 61.133(a).

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of
the Shrike without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of
the Shrike. Given the size of the aircraft, the speed it will operate at, the procedures for
operating and maintaining the aircraft as set forth in the manuals, an equivalent level of
safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. §91.121: Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires:

Each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an
altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure."

Basis for exemption is as follows:

As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead GPS altitude control, an

                                                                                                  6

exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator
as the UAS uses AGL height from its initialization (launch) point, cross-referenced with
MSL altitude of the launch point.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(b): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151(b) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in a rotorcraft under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed to fly after that for at least 20 minutes."

The Shrike's batteries provide up to 45 minutes of powered flight. Without an exemption
from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (b), the Shrike's flights would be extremely limited in length.
Given the nature of Shrike's controlled operations, a limitation on flight time would
severely comprise its intended mission.

AV believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(b) is safe and consistent with
the scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin
Corporation to operate without compliance to 91.151(a)). Operating the Shrike, a small
UAS, without 20 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section
91.151(b) was meant to prevent. The fact that the Shrike carries neither pilot, passenger,
nor cargo, also enhances its safety. Given its size, weight and construction material, the
risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

Similar exemptions have been granted to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
10673 , 11062-11067, 11080, 11109, 11136, and 11138.

14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a)(b): Maintenance
Inspections and Records

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "[s]hall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to
requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the
issuance of an air worthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires that an owner or
operator keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished
by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of
the aircraft for return to service.

Maintenance of the Shrike will be accomplished by the owner/operator pursuant to the
manuals provided by AV. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the
Shrike is small in size, will carry no external payload, will operate only in restricted pre-
determined areas, and is not a complex mechanical device. The Shrike operator will
ensure that it is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance,
and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety. Maintenance is very easy
as the operator can simply swap out consumable parts (much like plug and play) and is
trained in these procedures ­ a licensed airplane and power mechanic is not necessary.

                                                                                                  7

