March 13, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11209
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0629

Mr. William Donberg
President
Aetos Group, Inc.
2065 5 Mile Road
Traverse City, MI 49686

Dear Mr. Donberg:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letters dated August 19 and October 15, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Aetos Group, Inc. (Aetos) for an exemption from Part 21;
and §§ 45.23(b), 47.3(b)(2), 47.31(c), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a),
91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14,
Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The proposed exemption, if granted, would allow
operation of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of aerial inspection of plant
infrastructure, to include flare stacks, elevated pipelines, tanks and columns, and
environmental monitoring in the petrochemical industry.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on September 10, 2014 (79
FR 53824). Eight comments were received. Seven commenters, including the Association
for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI), the Small UAV Coalition (Coalition),

AFS-14-431-E
                                                                                                                  2

the Materials Technology Institute (MTI), Congressman Dan Benishek, M.D., Congressman
Dave Camp, and Senator Carl Levin, supported the petition. The Air Line Pilots Association,
International (ALPA) opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under section 333 of Pub. L.
112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and operational
circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial vehicles
based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The Coalition suggested FAA safety
regulations be proportionate to the risks posed by the particular proposed UAS operations by
distinguishing between UAS. The petitioner's UAS pose considerably less safety risk than
larger UAS. The Coalition asserted that because UAS operations like the petitioner's pose
minimal risk to safety, they should be subject to minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors1 in section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in section 333, such as: location, the altitude of its small unmanned aircraft vehicle
(UAV) operations, and proven experience of the UAV in other countries and in the United
States pursuant to a Certificate of Authorization. The Coalition maintained that the
petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven factors in section 333 and include several
additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety and security of the proposed UAS operations.
The Coalition emphasized the FAA must evaluate each factor within the context of the
petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate, but stated that at a minimum the FAA should provide an exception
from part 61 and approve training and testing regiments that pertain to UAS commercial
operations pertinent to the aircraft and operation proposed. The Coalition also asserted that
Congress intended the section 333 national security criterion to focus on the operation rather
than on the pilot and that shifting that focus imposes an unnecessary burden.

1 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112-95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
security; . . . ."
                                                                                                 3

In response, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333 nor the FAA's authority to exempt from its
regulations found in 49 USC § 44701(f), authorizes the FAA to provide exemption to the
statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711. The
FAA notes that under this exemption the petitioner proposed to use pilots holding private
certificates and it will be able to use the training program it proposed. Finally, the FAA
does not agree that relying on the pilot certificate for a national security finding poses an
unnecessary burden because pilots under this exemption, and the exemptions granted
previously to section 333 requests, are already required to hold a pilot certificate to
satisfy 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operation. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may
allow the UAS to be operated beyond visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
(PIC) and that the petitioner's proposal to operate the unmanned aircraft (UA) within VLOS
of the PIC and/or VO should be permitted. The FAA notes that one of the determinations for
operations under section 333 is operation within visual line of sight. As the PIC is determined
to be in command of the UA, he must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The FAA also
notes that a VO complements the PICs capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including
when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an
additional level of operational safety.

AUVSI noted that authorizing AGI to conduct inspections and environmental monitoring of
chemical plants would bring immediate and significant improvement to environmental and
operational risk management in the chemical industry. AUVSI stated that AGI's exemption
outlines at least an equivalent level of safety over the use of a manned aircraft and the
petitioner has adequately addressed the safety requirements in a number of Federal Aviation
Regulations

MTI noted that the petitioner's proposed operations would bring immediate and significant
improvement to environmental and operational risk management in the petrochemical
industry by: (1) reducing the risk associated with elevated human operations; (2) providing a
higher quality and more efficient inspection and monitoring capability; and (3) reducing the
probability of dangerous and costly unplanned events which could impact plant personnel and
the surrounding ecosystem and communities.

U.S. Representatives Dan Benishek and David Camp and U.S. Senator Carl Levin each
supported the petition highlighting that the proposed operations would provide significant
improvements to environmental and operational risk, enhance safety, and increase efficiency.
                                                                                                                  4

An individual commented that the use of small UAS will not only promote increased
reliability in petrochemical plants and other industries, but will unleash a new technology that
could even further develop the safety and reliability of all industry as a whole.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA stated that the
petitioner's reference to operations conducted within a "safe zone" is not defined, nor does the
petitioner offer a means to control the airspace or area of operation. Specifically, ALPA
states "there must be means both to ensure the UA remains within the defined airspace and to
ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on the operation is mitigated." The FAA
believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e. VLOS and at or below
400 feet above ground level (AGL)) are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the
operations will not adversely affect safety.

ALPA noted that while the pilot in command (PIC) and observer will be able to communicate
by voice, the voice communication with the pilot is a limited mitigation if the pilot and the
observer cannot both "see" (14 CFR 91.113) the small UAS and the surround [sic] area. The
FAA has inserted a condition regarding PIC and visual observer (VO) communications to
address this issue.

ALPA noted that the aircraft may not have a barometric altimeter as required by
14 CFR § 91.121, stating the ability to accurately maintain altitude must be addressed, and
processes or mitigations, such as redundant control capability, fail-safe systems, backups and
specific, validated procedures for system and equipment failures must be in place.

ALPA mentioned that while the petitioner's aircraft has a barometric sensor, the platform
does not have a barometric altimeter as required by 14 CFR § 91.121, stating the ability to
accurately maintain altitude must be addressed, and processes or mitigations must be in place.
ALPA asserted that the processes or mitigations must include engineering processes, software
development and control, electronic hardware development and control, configuration
management, and design assurance to ensure the aircraft and its control system(s) operate to
the same level of safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the National Airspace
System (NAS). The FAA finds that the alternative means of compliance proposed by the
petitioner does not adversely affect safety.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent fly-
aways or other scenarios. The FAA agrees and carefully examined the proposed operation to
ensure that the vehicle design and the petitioner's operating documents addressed potential
                                                                                                                  5

hazards related to C2 failure. The FAA finds that the UAS to be operated by the petitioner
has sufficient design features to address these hazards. The FAA also finds that the operating
documents have incorporated safety procedures to be followed by all operational participants
should a C2 failure to occur.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to determine
how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given the size of
the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the use of a
lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed operations.

ALPA stated that the petition seeks an exemption from the aircraft airworthiness process,
14 CFR 21, §§ 91.7 and 91.203. The FAA discusses aspects of 14 CFR 21 with respect to the
petitioner's request in the FAA analysis section.

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
argues the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with an
appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. The FAA has
reviewed the knowledge and training required by holders of both private and commercial
certificates. In Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus) (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating the
Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.

ALPA noted the petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in
§ 91.113 given the absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be
operated within VLOS of the PIC and VO.

ALPA expressed concern on whether the petitioner's UAS can comply with the aircraft light
requirements for night operations in § 91.209, given its limited electric power. The FAA notes
that the petitioner is not proposing night operations.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's waiver request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
                                                                                                                  6

results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPA's
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires each
operator secure a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) which covers specific details
of the petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new
NAS access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are battery-powered quad-copters: the Aeryon Scout
(weighs 3.4 pounds) and the Aeryon SkyRanger (weighs 5.3 pounds).

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and
parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC § 44704, and in consideration
of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its
operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the
conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from 14 CFR
parts 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is not
necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial inspections. The FAA has issued a grant of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352) and
11176 to Chevron (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0802), the FAA found that the enhanced
safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--
         · they are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in the
             enclosed Grant of Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11176;
         · the reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11176 also
             apply to the situation you present; and
         · a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
                                                                                                                  7

The FAA's Decision
         In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public

interest. Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 40113,
and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, Aetos Group, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate UAS for the purpose of aerial inspection of specific chemical plant infrastructure, to
include flare stacks, elevated pipelines, tanks and columns, and environmental monitoring in
the petrochemical industry. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Aetos Group, Inc.is hereafter referred to as the operator.

The following information contained in the petition and supporting documents is hereinafter
referred to as operating documents:

         1) Aetos Group UAS Operations Guide
         2) Aetos Group SkyRanger Checklist
         3) Aetos Group Scout Checklist
         4) Aetos Group Operator and Observer Training document
         5) Aetos Group Spectrum Analysis

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents which are quad-copters weighing less than 7
         pounds: Aeryon Scout Unmanned Aircraft System and Aeryon SkyRanger Unmanned
         Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition
         or a petition to amend this grant.

    2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting aerial inspection
         of specific chemical plant infrastructure, to include flare stacks, elevated pipelines,
         tanks and columns, and environmental monitoring in the petrochemical industry.

    3) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 miles per hour.
                                                                                                              8

4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
    altitudes reported to Air Traffic Control (ATC) must be in feet AGL.

5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy
    the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
    VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
    messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
    prescribed in the operating documents.

7) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during
    UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
    discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
    the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and
    limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
    operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
    operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's
    responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents
    to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and
    revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of
    exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect
    the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must
    petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration
    Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
    safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
    UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has
    been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.
                                                                                                              9

9) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
    must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight
    must make an entry of the flight in the UAS aircraft records.

10) The preflight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
    sections of the operating documents.

11) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

12) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
    inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must
    be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work
    accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to
    service.

13) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

14) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

15) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
    class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
    specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her
    pilot certificate.

16) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
    qualification criteria, completes the operator's UAS training, and demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. The
    VO is also required to complete any training requirements for VOs. A record of
    training must be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator.
    Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training,
    proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of this
                                                                                                            10

    exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
    training sessions.

17) UAS operations may not be conducted during night time, as defined in
    14 CFR §1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological
    conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not
    authorized.

18) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) as required by the operator's
    Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). The letter of agreement with the
    airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

19) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud, or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

20) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land, or be
    recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

21) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies, in accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
    speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
    remaining.

23) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to
    conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will also require
    the operator to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
    than 48 hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance
    with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
    altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

24) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
                                                                                       11

identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

25) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

26) The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
    the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
    enforcement official upon request.

27) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations
    and activities at all times.

28) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

29) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

30) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
    persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
    must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
    situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
    within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vehicles or structures where the owner/controller
    of such vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a
    safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and
    determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees, or essential persons do
    not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

31) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                                 12

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

32) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, PIC, and operator must
comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and
91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
