May 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11480
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­1104

Mr. Bret Chilcott
AgEagle, LLC
117 South 4th
Neodesha, KS 66757

Dear Mr. Chilcott:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 22, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of AgEagle, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct inspection of; mapping and surveying tasks in precision agriculture, crop scouting,
crop insurance, hazard mitigation and in support of Federal Crop Management programs.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 2015 AgEagle.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, AgEagle, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, AgEagle, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 2015 AgEagle
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         (not) permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May, 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
December  22,  2015  
      
    
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation      
Docket  Management  System      
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE      
Washington,  DC  20590      
       
Re:    Exemption    Request    Under    Section    333    of    the    FAA    Reform    Act    and    Part    11    of    the    Federal    
Aviation  Regulations      
    
    
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:      
    
Pursuant    to    Section  333  of    the    FAA    Modernization    and    Reform  Act    of    2012    (the    "Reform    Act")  
and  14  C.F.R.    Part    11,    AgEagle,  LLC    ("AgEagle"),  the    developer    and    operator    of    the  2015  AgEagle    
small    Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  ("sUAS")  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  Federal    Aviation  Regulations    
("FARs")  listed  below  and  discussed  in  Appendix  A.    Details  of  AgEagle  and  the  2015  AgEagle  sUAS  are  
described  in  Appendix  B.  [Attached  as  Appendix  C  is  a  summary  of  this  request.]  
    
The  requested  exemption  would  permit  AgEagle  commercial  operation  of  AgEagle's  2015  AgEagle  (see  
details  in  Appendix  B),  in  the  Precision  Agriculture  market  space.  The  Air  Vehicle  weighs  7.5  lbs.  with  
imaging  payload,  to  perform  market  research,  aerial  surveys,  mapping,  and  inspections  that  consist  of  
still  photographs,  video,  and  other  data  taken  by  onboard  sensors.  The  2015  AgEagle  uses  DroneDeploy  
software  which  produces  high  quality  imagery  and  data  that  can  be  used  independently  -  or  in  the  case  
of  surveying  and  thermal  modelling,  can  be  combined  to  produce  precision  charts,  contour  maps  and  
determine  the  health  of  a  crop.    Applications  for  this  sUAS  include  inspection  of;  mapping  and  surveying  
tasks  in  precision  agriculture,  crop  scouting,  crop  insurance,  hazard  mitigation  and  in  support  of  Federal  
Crop  Management  programs.  Use  of  the  2015  AgEagle  for  these  inspections  and  surveying  applications  
reduces  the  need  to  operate  conventional  aircraft,  providing  data  more  quickly,  accurately,  
economically,  safely,  and  with  reduced  environmental  impact.      
    
Operations  under  the  exemption  will  be  subject  to  strict  operating  requirements  and  conditions  to  
ensure  at  least  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  currently  authorized  operations  using  manned  aircraft  
and  under  conditions  as  may  be  modified  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.    
    
While  AgEagle  is  filing  this  exemption  request  on  its  own  behalf,  it  anticipates  that  its  customers,  in  the  
future,  will  file  exemption  applications  to  allow  them  to  operate  the  2015  AgEagle  in  commercial  
operations  at  their  own  facilities,  farms,  test  plots  and  other  sites  that  require  aerial  data  for  inspections  
and  surveys.  Wherever  possible,  those  filings  will  be  substantially  similar  to  this  exemption  application.      
    
As      described      more  fully  below,  the  requested  exemption  would  authorize  AgEagle    to    perform    
market  research    and    commercial    operations  of  aerial  inspections  and  surveys  using  the    2015  AgEagle1,  
which  at  7.5  lbs.  is  small  in  size  and  powered  electrically  by  a  Li-Po  battery.    
  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
The  2015  AgEagle  will  be  operated  under  controlled  conditions  at  low  altitude  (<400'  agl)  in  Class  G  
airspace  that  is  limited  in  scope,  as  described  more  fully  herein.  It  will  have  automated  control  features,  
as  described  below.    The  AgEagle      2015  AgEagle  is  designed  to  be  operated  by  one  person  but  flight  
operations  generally  involve  two  people,  an  operator  and  an  observer.  The  operator  is    responsible  for  
flying  the  sUAS,  monitoring    its  status  and  flight  dynamics  while  maintaining  visual-line-of-sight  (VLOS),  
and  keeping  the  flight  within    the  specified  factory  limits  (in  terms  of  wind,  flight  range,  battery  life,  etc.)  
to  ensure  safe  operation  of    the  sUAS  itself.  The  observer  is  responsible  for  monitoring  the  airspace  for  
other  aircraft  and  hazards  and  instructing  the  operator  before  and  during  flight  as  necessary  to  ensure  
safe  launching  and  de-confliction  with  ANY  aircraft  or  identified  hazards.    The  operator  also  will  be  an  
individual  who  has  passed  the  FAA  approved  or  military  equivalent  ground  training  exam  and  authorized  
AgEagle  training  program  for  the  2015  AgEagle.    Finally,  the  airspace  in  which  the  2015  AgEagle  will  
operate  will  be  disclosed  to  and  approved,  as  needed,  by  the  FAA  in  advance.      
    
AgEagle  respectfully  submits  that  because  this  small,  unmanned  aerial  system  ­  the  2015  AgEagle    ­    will  
be  used  in  lieu  of  comparatively  hazardous  operations  now  conducted  with  fixed    and  rotary  wing  
conventional  aircraft,  the  FAA  can  have  confidence  that  the  operations  will  achieve  at  least  an  
equivalent-level  or  greater,  of  safety.    Approval  of  this  exemption  would  thereby  enhance  safety  and  
fulfill  the  Secretary  of  Transportation's  (the  FAA  Administrator's)  responsibilities  under  Section  333(c)  of  
the  Reform  Act  to  "establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  the  national  
airspace  system."  
    
The  name  and  address  of  the  applicant  are:      
  AgEagle      
Attn:  Bret  Chilcott    
117  S.  4th  
Neodesha,  KS  66757  
+1  (620)  332-9264  
The  primary  contact  for  this  application  is:      
bretc@ageagle.com,  +1  (620)  332-9264  
    
The  regulations  from  which  the  exemption  is  requested  are  as  follows:      
14  C.F.R.  Part  21;      
14  C.F.R.  45.23(b);      
14  C.F.R.  xx1.113(a)  &  (b);      
14  C.F.R.  xx1.133(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.7(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2)  &  (c);      
14  C.F.R.  91.103;    
14  C.F.R.  91.109(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.119;        
14  C.F.R.  91.151(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  &  (b);      
14  C.F.R.  91.405(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.407(a)(1);      
14  C.F.R.  91.409(a)(2);      
14  C.F.R.  91.417(a).  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
Appendix  A  discusses  each  rule  listed  above  and  explains  why  exemptions  pursuant  to  the  proposal  set  
forth  in  this  letter  are  appropriate,  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  and  are  in  the  public  interest.    
THE  APPLICABLE  LEGAL  STANDARD  UNDER  SECTION  333      
    
AgEagle      submits    that    grant    of    this    exemption    application    for    use    of    the      2015  AgEagle    in    
Precision  Agriculture,  market    research,  surveying,    mapping    and    inspection    operations    will    advance  
the  Congressional  mandate  in  Section  333  of    the    Reform    Act  to  accelerate  the  introduction  of  sUASs  
into  the  national  airspace  system  ("NAS")  if  it  can    be    accomplished    safely.    This    law    directs    the    
Secretary    of      Transportation    to    consider    whether  certain    sUASs    may    operate    safely    in    the    NAS    
before    completion    of    the    rulemaking    required    under  Section    332    of    the    Reform    Act.    In    making    
this    determination,    the      Secretary    is    required  to    determine  which    types    of    sUASs    do    not    create    a    
hazard    to    users    of    the      NAS    or    the    public    or    pose    a    threat    to  national  security  in  light  of  the  
following:      
    

     · The  sUAS's  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operational  capability;      
     · Operation  of  the  sUAS  in  close  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas;  and      
     · Operation  of  the  sUAS  within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator.      
    
Reform  Act  §  333(a)(1).    If    the    Secretary    determines    that    such    vehicles      "may    operate    safely    in    the  
national      airspace    system,    the    Secretary    shall    establish    requirements      for    the    safe    operation    of    
such  aircraft  in  the  national  airspace  system."  Id.  §333(c)  (emphasis  added).2    
  
The    Federal    Aviation    Act    expressly    grants    the    FAA    the    authority    to    issue    exemptions.    This    
statutory  authority,    by    its    terms,    includes    exempting  civil  aircraft,  as  the  term  is  defined  under  
§40101  of  the  Act,  from    the    requirement    that    all    civil    aircraft    must    have    a    current    airworthiness    
certificate    and    those  regulations  requiring  commercial  pilots  to  operate  aircraft  in  commercial  service:    

            
          The  Administrator  may  grant  an  exemption  from  a  requirement  of  a  regulation  prescribed  under    
          subsection    (a)    or    (b)    of    this    section    or    any    of    sections    44702-4471xx    of    this    title    if    the    
          Administrator  finds  the  exemption  is  in  the  public  interest.      
    
49  U.S.C.  §44701(f).  See  also  49  USC  §44711(a);  49  USC  §44704;  14  CFR  §91.203(a)(1).      
    
The    grant    of      the    requested    exemption    is    in    the    public    interest    based    on  the    clear    direction    in    
Section  333  of      the  Reform    Act;  the  additional    authority    in    the      Federal    Aviation    Act,    as    amended;    
the  strong  equivalent  level    of    safety    surrounding    the    proposed    operations;    and  the    significant    
public    benefit,  including  enhanced  safety  and  cost  savings    associated  with  transitioning  to  sUASs  for  
aerial  surveying,  mapping      and    inspection    applications.    Accordingly,  the  applicant  respectfully  
requests  that  the  FAA  grant  the  requested  exemption  without  delay.      
    
Airworthiness  of  the  2015  AgEagle      
      
A    critical    element    of    the    exemption    application    involves    evidence    of    the    airworthiness    of    AgEagle    
sUAS    including    the      2015  AgEagle.    AgEagle    believes    that    it      has    shown    compliance    through    a    
history    of  flight    operations    totaling  approximately    19,080  operational  hours.  
  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
2    Applicant    submits    that    this    provision    places    a    duty      on    the    Administrator    to    not  only    process  applications  for    exemptions    under    

Section    333,      but    for    the    Administrator,    if      he    deems    the    conditions    proposed    herein    require  modification    in    order    to    allow    approval,    
to    supply    conditions    for    the    safe    operation  of    the  sUAS.      AgEagle  welcomes    the    opportunity    to    consult    with      FAA    staff    in      order    to    
address    any    issues    or    concerns    that    this  proposal  may    raise  that  they  believe  may  require  modification.      

  
The    criteria    set    forth    in    the    Order    specify    the    substantive    showings    of    the  device's    safety    and    
fitness    for    operation    to    ensure    that    the    FAA    has    sufficient    basis    to    evaluate    the    aircraft's    safety.3    
The      2015  AgEagle    also    has    a    significant    set    of    automated    features    provided  by  DroneDeploy  to    
ensure    safe  takeoff,  flight  and  landing  in  many  conditions,  further  details  of  operation  can  be  found  in  
Appendix  B.    
    
Mandatory  Operating  Conditions      
    
Grant      of    the    exemption    to    AgEagle    will    be    subject    to    the      following    mandatory    conditions,    which    
are  based    upon    operating    conditions    set    forth    for    operation    of    sUAS    by    public    entities    pursuant    
to  Certificates  of  Authorization,  with  additional  restrictions:      
    

     · All  operations  to  occur  in  Class  G  airspace.      
     · Operations  to  avoid  congested  or  populated  areas,  which  are  depicted  in  yellow  on  VFR  charts.      
     · Operations  to  be  conducted  over  private  or  controlled-access  property.      
     · Permission  from  land  owner/controller  required  before  commencing  any  flight.      
     · Operations  to  occur  during  Visual  Flight  Rules  Meteorological  Conditions  (VMC).      
     · Aircraft  to  remain  within  Visual  Line  of  Sight  (VLOS).      
     · VLOS  guaranteed  with  a  cylinder  of  operation  around  operator  of  ½  nautical  miles  (NM).      
     · Cylinder  walls  may  be  expanded  by  observer  with  ability  to  control  aircraft.      
     · Operations  to  occur  during  daylight  hours.      
     · Above  Ground  Level  (AGL)  altitude  to  be  restricted  to  400  feet.      
     · All    operations    conducted    in    vicinity    of    airport    to    remain    more    than    2.5    NM    from                              

          centerline  azimuth  of  runway  centerline  measured  from  runway  thresholds.      
     · Operator  will  file  a  NOTAM  for  each  flight.      
     · All    required    permissions    and    permits    will    be    obtained    from    territorial,      state,    county    or    

          city  jurisdictions,  including  local  law  enforcement,  fire,  or  other  appropriate  governmental  
          agencies.      
     · All    operations    will    include    one  pilot  for  flight  control  and  one  observer  for  VLOS  enhancement  
          of    surrounding  area  near  the  aircraft    
    
Operator  Requirements      
    
AgEagle  respectfully  proposes  that  operator  requirements  should  take  into  account  the  characteristics  
of  the  particular  sUAS.  Certain    sUASs,  such  as  the  AgEagle    2015  AgEagle,  are  characterized  by  a  high  
degree  of  pre-programmed  control  and  various  built-in  technical  capabilities  that  limit  the  potential  for  
operation  outside  of  the  operating  conditions  set  forth  above.  The  2015  AgEagle  sUAS  also  provides  
many  built-in  functional  and  safety  features  to  assist  the  operator  in  safe  and  reliable  operation  
powered  by  DroneDeploy  risk-mitigation  software.  
      
The    AgEagle      2015  AgEagle  provides    two  semi-autonomous    flight    modes    using    a    point-and-click    
map    and  video    interface.      

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
  
3  AgEagle    can    submit    under    confidentiality    the      following    documents    in    support    of    this    exemption    application  for    the      2015  AgEagle:    1)    

AgEagle  2015  AgEagle    User    Guide    (Exhibit    1)    which      includes    Safety    and    PreFlight    Checklists;  and  2)  Training  Manual  (Exhibit  2).    
  

4  As  of  Dec  2014,  AgEagle  staff  and  customers  have  performed  over  6,360  flights,  logging  19,080  hours  of  flight  time  with  the  2015  AgEagle  

with  both  development  and  release  versions.    The  previous  generation  product,  the  AgEagle,  achieved  over  480  flights  and  1440  hours  of  flight  
time  globally  by  AgEagle  and  its  customers.    This  is  a  significant  amount  of  flight  time  collected  to  understand  and  refine  the  AgEagle  sUAS  
products.        

The  user  clicks  on  a  map  to  direct  the  2015  AgEagle  to  fly  to  the  point  on  the  map  where  the  operator  is  
pointing,  or  programmed  flight  plans  may  be  entered  for  a  series  of  waypoints  or  grid  based  area.    
Additional  navigation  aids  including  landing  zones  and  flight  areas  may  be  designated  to  ensure  the      
2015  AgEagle  operates  only  within  user-specified  flight  parameters.  All  flight  operations  are  GPS    
controlled    making    the    system    easy    to    navigate,      and      the    flight    control    system    also    employs    a  
variety  of  sensors  including  sonar,  barometric  pressure,  temperature,    wind  speed  and  others  to  ensure  
the    high    stability    and    reliability    in    challenging    weather      conditions.    At  all  times  during  flight  
operations,  the  operator  can  intervene  a  programmed  flight  and  take  immediate  control.        
    
Using  DroneDeploy's  software  package,  additional    automated    safety    functions    and    safety    enhancing    
features    of    the      2015  AgEagle    include    the  following:      
            Automated  pre-flight  system  performance  checks    
            User  pre-flight  checklist    
            "Hit  the  deck"  mode  can  be  activated  by  simply  pushing  a  button  on  the  controller  which  causes  
the  aircraft  to  drop  from  its  cruising  altitude  to  50  above  the  ground  and  circle  there  to  avoid  a  collision  
with  another  aircraft.  
            Automated      condition    or    fault    detection,    warnings,      and      pre-defined    responses    to    a    number    
of    flight  and  system  conditions.      
                  High  winds  with  system  and  user  defined  safety  thresholds    
                  Low  battery  with  system  and  user  defined  safety  thresholds    
                  High  temperature  or  other  system  safety  thresholds    
                  Lost-link  communication      
            Pre-defined  responses  include  behavior  such  as  attempting  to  re-establish  radio              
communication,  return  to  home  position  and  hover,  return  to  home  position  and  land,  or  land  in  current  
position      
            In      the    case    of    lost    GPS,    a    manual    user    flight    mode    is      enabled    which    allows    the    operator    
to  provide  manual  navigation  inputs  to  assist  in  landing  the  vehicle.        
    
Given    these    safety    features,    AgEagle    proposes    that    operators    of    the      2015  AgEagle    should  not    be  
required  to  hold  a  commercial  or  private  pilot  certification.  Instead,  operators  should  be  required  to:      
    
  have    successfully    completed,    at    a    minimum,    FAA    private    pilot    ground    instruction    and    passed    
  the    FAA    Private    Pilot    written    examination    or    FAA-recognized    equivalents    including    commercial    
  or  private  license  and  ground  school  issued  from  an  ICAO  recognized  country;      
  have    completed    AgEagle's    authorized    training    program    for    operation    and    maintenance    of    the    
  sUAS.      
    
AgEagle      notes    that    the    FAA    has    found    that    safety    factors    permitted    operation    of    sUASs    by    
operators  with    these    qualifications    in    the    case    of    operations    pursuant    to    public    COAs    when    the    
mandatory    operating      conditions    specified    above    were    present.    See    Federal    Aviation    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
Administration,    Notice  N-8900.227,    Unmanned    Aircraft    Systems    (UAS)    Operational    Approval,    at    
20-21    (July    30,    2013).    The  FAA    has    the    statutory    authority    to    grant    exemptions    to    the    
requirements  for    and    privileges    associated  with  the  grant  of  airmen's  certificates.  49  USC  §44701  (f).        
    
In    summary,    applicant    seeks  an    exemption    from    the    FARs    set    forth    above    and    in    Appendix  C  to  
allow  market    research    and    commercial    operations    of    a    small    unmanned    vehicle    in    surveying,    
mapping    and  inspection  operations  .      
    
Approval    of    the    exemption    allowing    commercial    operations    of    the      2015  AgEagle    for    surveying,    
mapping  and    inspection  operations  will  enhance  safety  by  reducing  risk.  Conventional  aerial  survey  and  
inspection  operations  using  manned  aircraft  involve  very  heavy  aerial  vehicles  carrying  significant  
quantities  of  combustible  fuels,  and  a  multi-person  crew  in  piloting  and  observation  roles.  These  
operations  require  transit  to  and  from  the  location  of  the  activity,  and  often  take  place  in  congested  
environments  and  include  close  proximity  to  physical  obstacles  and/or  presence  of  the  general  public.  
By  contrast,  the  2015  AgEagle  weighs  7.5  lbs  including  payloads    and  uses  a  battery  for  power,  is  
transported  or  carried  to/from  the  area  of  activity,  removes  the  need  for  airborne  pilots/observers,  and    
poses  less  risk  to  people  and  infrastructure  on  the  ground.      
    
Additionally,  no  national  security  issue  is  raised  by  the  grant  of  the  requested  exemptions.  Given  the  
size,  load  carrying  capacity,  speed  at  which  it  operates,  and  the  fact  that  it  carries  no  explosives  or  other  
dangerous  materials,  the  2015  AgEagle  poses  no  threat  to  national  security.      
    
The  operation  of  the  2015  AgEagle  for  market  research,  surveying,  mapping  and  inspection  operations  in  
accordance  with  the  strict  conditions  outlined  above,  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  
supporting  the  grant  of  the  exemptions  requested  herein,  including  exempting  AgEagle  from  the  
requirements  of  Part  21.      
    
The  2015  AgEagle's    satisfaction  of  the  criteria  set  forth  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  (i.e.  size,  
weight,  speed,  operating  capabilities,  operation  within  VLOS  and  lack  of  proximity  to  airports,  populated  
or  areas  national  security)  and  demonstrated  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  it  relates  to  the  requirement    
for  FAA  pilot  certification,  provide  more  than  adequate  justification  for  the  grant  of  the  requested  
exemptions  allowing  AgEagle  commercial  operation  of  the    2015  AgEagle  in  agricultural  market  
research,  surveying,  mapping  and  inspection  operations.    
  
In  conclusion,  the  safe  operation  of  the  2015  AgEagle  is  of  utmost  concern  and  safety  remains  
paramount.  AgEagle  intends  to  operate  within  the  spirit  of  all  applicable  FAA  regulations  and  will  adhere  
to  any  further  refinements.  The  operation  of  Precision  Agriculture  sUAS's  in  remote  farmlands  across  
the  country  are  literally  of  little  safety  concern,  provided  the  operators  and  observers  maintain  integrity  
of  the  flight,  pose  no  risk  to  airborne  platforms,  and/or  mitigate  all  risk  to  ground  personnel  and  
property.    
    

            
          Best  Regards,    
              
          Bret  Chilcott  
          AgEagle  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
APPENDIX  A      
    

   EXEMPTION  REQUEST  AND  EQUIVALENT  LEVEL  OF  SAFETY  SHOWINGS  UNDER  APPLICABLE  RULES  
                                                 SUBJECT  TO  EXEMPTION  

    
AgEagle    requests    an    exemption    from    the    following    regulations    as    well    as  any  additional  regulations  
that  may  technically  apply  to  the  operation  of  the    2015  AgEagle:      
    
14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H:  Airworthiness  Certificates      
14  CFR  §  91.203(a)(1)      
    
Section  91.203(a)(1)  requires  all  civil  aircraft  to    have  a  certificate  of  airworthiness.  Part  21,  Subpart  H,  
entitled  Airworthiness  Certificates,  establishes  the  procedural  requirements  for  the  issuance  of  
airworthiness  certificates  as  required  by  FAR  §  91.203(a)(1).  Given  the  size  of  the  aircraft  (7.5  lbs.)  and  
the  limited  operating  area  associated  with  its  utilization,  it  is  unnecessary  to  go  through  the  certificate  of  
airworthiness  process  under  Part  21  Subpart  H  to  achieve  or  exceed  current  safety  levels.      
    
Such  an  exemption  meets  the  requirements  of  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  under  Part  11  and  Section  
333  of  the  Reform  Act.  The  Federal  Aviation  Act  and  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  both  authorize  the  
FAA  to  exempt  aircraft  from  the  requirement  for  an  airworthiness  certificate,  upon  consideration  of  the  
size,  weight,  speed,  operational  capability,  and  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas  of  the  sUAS  
involved.      
    
In  this  case,  an  analysis  of  these  criteria  demonstrates  that  the  2015  AgEagle  operated  without  an  
airworthiness  certificate,  under  the  conditions  proposed  herein,  will  be  at  least  as  safe,  or  safer,  than  a  
conventional  aircraft  (fixed  wing  or  rotorcraft)  with  an  airworthiness  certificate.  The  2015  AgEagle  
weighs  7.5  lbs.  fully  loaded.  It    will    not  carry    a    pilot    or    passenger,    will    not    carry    flammable    fuel,    
and  will  operate  exclusively  within  an  area  pre-disclosed  and  in  compliance  with  conditions  set  forth  
herein.  Operations  under  this  exemption  will  be  tightly  controlled  and  monitored  by  both  the  operator,  
pursuant  to  the  conditions  set  forth  above,  and  by  local  public  safety  requirements.  The  FAA  will  have  
advance  notice  of  all  operations  through  the  filing  of  NOTAMs.    Receipt  of  the  prior  permission  of  the  
land  owner,  the  size  of  the  aircraft,    the  lack  of  flammable  fuel,  and  the    fact  that  the  aircraft  is  carried  to  
the  location  and  not    flown  there  all  establish    the  equivalent    level  of  safety.  The  2015  AgEagle  provides  
at  least  an  equivalent,  and  most  likely  exceeds5,  level  of  safety  to  that  of  such  operations  being  
conducted  with  conventional  manned  aircraft  that  would  be  significantly  larger  and  would  be  carrying  
additional  personnel,  cargo,  and  flammable  fuel.  The  automated  safety  features  including  redundant  
sensor  systems  as  described  in  Appendix  B  and  throughout  this  document  highlight  the  design  
intentions  towards  safety  and  reliability  on  the  2015  AgEagle.    
  
14  C.F.R.  §  45.23  &  91.9(c):  Marking  of  the  Aircraft      
    
Regulation  45.23  provides:      
                              

          (a)    Each      operator    of    an    aircraft    must    display    on    that    aircraft    marks    consisting    of    the    
                            Roman  capital  letter  "N"  (denoting  United  States  registration)  followed  by  the  registration    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
                            number  of  the  aircraft.    Each  suffix  letter  used  in  the  marks  displayed  must  also  be  a  Roman  
          capital  letter.  

                            (b)    When  marks  include  only  the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration  number  is    
                            displayed    on    limited,    restricted    or    light-sport    category    aircraft    or    experimental    or    
                            provisionally      certificated    aircraft,    the    operator    must    also    display      on    that    aircraft    near    
                            each    entrance    to    the    cabin,    cockpit,    or    pilot    station,    in    letters  not  less  than  2  inches  nor    
                            more    than  xx  inches  high,  the  words  "limited,"  "restricted,"  "light-sport,"  "experimental,"  or  
                            "provisional,"  as  applicable.      
                                
Regulation  91.9(c)  provides:    
                            No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  civil  aircraft  unless  that  aircraft  is  identified  in  
accordance  with  part  45  of  this  chapter.    
    
The      2015  AgEagle    has    no    entrance    to    the    cabin,    cockpit,    or    pilot    station  on    which  the    markings    
can    be  placed.    Given  the  size  of  the  sUAS,  two  inch  lettering  will  be  impossible.    Official  marking  
systems  for  small    UAS    have    not    yet    been  established    for    operations    inside    the    NAS.    The      2015  
AgEagle    is    currently  marked    with    a    fixed    label    containing    AgEagle    Labs      2015  AgEagle    measuring    
1.5"    x    0.5"  as  well  as  a  serial  number    located    under    the    removable    camera    payload.    AgEagle    is    
prepared    to    mark    the    inspection  system    with    the    name  of    the    organization    and    location  or  origin  
and  fulfill  any  other  request  by  the    FAA  to      this    topic      in    accordance    to    §  45.29(f)    where    the    pilot,    
observer,    and    others    working    with    the    sUAS  will  see  the  identification  of  the  sUAS.      
    
The    FAA    has    issued    the    following    exemptions    to    this    regulation,    see    Exemption    Nos.    8738,    
101xx7,  101xx7A  and  10700.      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  xx1.113(a)  &  (b);  xx1.133(a):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations;  Pilot  in    
Command;  Commercial  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations.      
    
Section  xx1.113(a)  &  (b)  limit  private  pilots  to  non-commercial  operations.  Unlike  a  conventional  aircraft  
that    carries    a    pilot,    passengers,    and    cargo,    the      2015  AgEagle    in    this  case    is    remotely  controlled    
with    no  passengers    or    property    of    others    on  board.  Section  xx1.133(a)  requires  an  individual  with  a  
commercial  pilot's    license    to    be    pilot    in    command    of    an    aircraft    for    compensation    or    hire.    
AgEagle    respectfully  proposes    that    operator    requirements    should    take    into    account    the    
characteristics    of    the    particular  sUAS.    AgEagle's      2015  AgEagle  has  a  high  degree  of  pre-programmed  
control  and  various  built-in  technical  capabilities  through  DroneDeploy's  software  that  strictly  limit  the  
potential  for  operation  outside  of  the  operating  conditions  set  forth  in  the  exemption  application.      
    
The  2015  AgEagle  has  an  all-digital  software  platform  powered  by  DroneDeploy  with  advanced  features  
previously  restricted  to  full  size  unmanned  aircraft.    Automated  features  and  advanced  fly-safe  controls  
enable  safe,  reliable  operation,  as  well  as  advanced  networking  capabilities  and  system  extensibility.  
    
  Plan  your  flight  or  fly  ad-hoc:    The  system  can  autonomously  fly  a  programmed  flight  path  or  fly  in  
manual  mode    
  Smart    batteries    and    charger:    Flight    time    and    battery    minutes    are    displayed    at    all    times.    The  
system  will  return  home  and  land  automatically  if  user-configurable  limits  are  reached.    
    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
Flight  safety  is      a  priority,  no  matter  the  operating  environment  or      project.    The      2015  AgEagle    offers  
superior    safety    over    manned    aircraft    by    removing    the    need    for    people    to    be    onboard    in    
potentially  dangerous    situations.    With  multiple  built-in  safety  features,  the  AgEagle  platform  leads  
other  sUAS  with  respect  to  safety.    
  
            Intelligent  fault    handling:    The    system    automatically    detects    potential    issues    -    with  configurable  

      automated  response  behavior  such  as  a  return-home-and-land  routine    
            Automatic  pre-flight    checks:    The    system    self-calibrates    all    of    its    sensors    and    performs    
                self-tests  prior  to  takeoff  to  check  for  errors    
            No-fly  zones:  The  system  has  the  ability  to  set  up  visual  no-fly  zones    
            Self-monitoring:    Monitoring  battery  levels,  in-flight  wind  speeds,  and  other  system  and    
                Environmental  conditions  are  automatically  handled  by  the  system    
            Battery      communication:    Battery    minutes    and    flight    time    are    displayed    at    all    times.    The    

      system  will  return  home  and  land  automatically  if  user-configurable  limits  are  reached.    
    
Additional    automated    safety    functions    and    safety    enhancing    features    of    the      2015  AgEagle    include    
the  following:      
            Auto  detection  of  lost  GPS  warns  the  pilot  and  initiates  an  immediate  landing.      
            Low      battery    on    the      2015  AgEagle    triggers    a    Non-Fatal    Warning    alarm    to    return    home,    land    

      and    replace  the  battery    
            Very    low    battery    on    the  2015  AgEagle    triggers    an    Fatal    Error    alarm    and    initiates    an    

      emergency  high  speed  descent  landing.    
            If    the      2015  AgEagle    detects    a    lost-link    to    the    base  station    the    vehicle    will    perform    its    

      pre-defined  Non-Fatal  Condition  Response.    
    
Given    these    safety    features,    AgEagle    proposes    that    operators    of    the      2015  AgEagle    should  not    be  
required  to  hold  a  commercial  or  private  pilot  certification.  Instead,  operators  should  be  required  to:      
          have    successfully    completed,    at    a    minimum,    FAA    private    pilot    ground    instruction    and    passed  

     the  FAA    Private    Pilot    written    examination    or  FAA-recognized  equivalents  including  ICAO  issued  
     commercial,  private  license  and  ground  school;      
          have  completed  AgEagle's  training  program  for  operation  of  the  sUAS.      
    
AgEagle      notes    that    the    FAA    has    found    that    safety    factors    permitted    operation    of    sUASs    by    
operators  with    these    qualifications    in    the    case    of    operations    pursuant    to    public    COAs    where    the    
mandatory    operating      conditions    specified    above    are    present.    See    Federal    Aviation    Administration,    
Notice  N-8900.227,    Unmanned    Aircraft    Systems    (UAS)    Operational    Approval,    at    20-21    (July    30,    
2013).    The  FAA    has    the    statutory    authority,    granted    at    49      U.S.C.§44701(f)    to    waive    the    pilot    
requirements    for  commercial  operations.      
    
Given    these    conditions    and    restrictions,    an    equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be    provided    by    allowing  
operation  of    the      2015  AgEagle    without    a    private    pilot's    certificate    or  a  commercial  pilot's  
certificate,  under  the  conditions  set  forth  herein.      
    
The    risks    associated    with    the    operation    of    the      2015  AgEagle    (given    its    size,    speed,    operational    
capabilities,    and    lack    of    combustible    fuel)    are    so    diminished    from    the    level    of    risk    associated    
with  private    pilot      operations    or    commercial    operations    contemplated    by    Part    xx1    with    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
conventional    aircraft  (fixed    wing    or    rotorcraft),    that  allowing  operations  of  the  sUAS  as  set  forth  
above  meets  or  exceeds  the  present    level    of    safety    provided    under    14    C.F.R.    §    xx1.113(a)    &    (b)    
and    does    not    rise    to    the    level    of    requiring  a  commercial  pilot  to  operate  the  aircraft  under  §  
xx1.133(a).      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness.      
    
This    regulation    requires    that    no    person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft    unless    it    is    in    airworthy  
condition.  Should    the    exemption    be    granted    allowing      commercial    operation    of    the      2015  AgEagle    
without    an    airworthiness    certificate,    no    standard    will    exist    for    airworthiness    of    the      2015  AgEagle.    
Given    the    size    of  the    aircraft    and    the    previous    COAs    issued    for    AgEagle's    2015  AgEagle    and      2015  
AgEagle,    an    equivalent    level    of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  ensuring  compliance  with  the  AgEagle  
manuals  prior  to  each  flight.    
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.9(b)(2):  Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  in  the  Aircraft.      
    
The  regulation  provides:      
                            No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  civil  aircraft  ...      
    
(2)    For    which    an    Airplane    or    Rotorcraft    Flight    Manual    is    not    required    by      §21.5    of    this  chapter,    
unless  there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a    current  approved  airplane  or  Rotorcraft    
Flight  Manual,  approved  manual  material,  markings,  and  placards,  or  any  combination  thereof.    
    
Given    the    size    and    configuration    of    the      2015  AgEagle,    it    has    no    ability    or    place    to    carry    such    a    
flight  manual    on    the    aircraft,    not    only    because    there    is    no    pilot    on    board,    but    because    there    is    
no    room    or  capacity  to  carry  such  an  item  on  the  aircraft.      
    
The    equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be    achieved    by    keeping    the    flight    manual    (see,    e.g.,    User    
Guide,  Exhibit    1)    at    the    ground    control    point    where    the    pilot    flying    the    sUAS    will    have    
immediate    access    to    it.  The  FAA  has  issued  to  others  the  following  exemptions  to  this  regulation:  
Exemption  Nos.  8xx07,  8737,  8738,  9299,  9299A,  95xx5,  95xx5B,  101xx7,  101xx7A,  10xx02,  32827,  and  
10700.      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.103:  Preflight  action      
    
This    regulation    requires    each    pilot    in    command    to    take    certain  actions  before  flight  to  insure  the  
safety  of    flight.    As  FAA  approved  rotorcraft  flight  manuals  will  not  be  provided  for  the  aircraft  an  
exemption  will  be  needed.    An    equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be      provided    as    set    forth    in  the      2015  
AgEagle    User    Manual    (exhibit    1)    under    the    `Getting    Ready    to    Fly'    section.    The    PIC    will    take      all      
actions    including    reviewing  weather,      flight    battery    requirements,    landing    and    takeoff    distances    
and    aircraft    performance    data  before  initiation  of  flight.      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.109(a)  &  91.319(a)(1):  Flight  Instruction      
    
These    regulations    provide    that    no    person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft    (except    a    manned    free    
balloon)  that  is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.      

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
    
The      2015  AgEagle  is  a  remotely  piloted  aircraft  and  by  design,  does  not  have  fully  functional  dual  
controls.  Flight    control    is    accomplished    through    the    use    of    a    control  box  that  communicates  with  
the  aircraft  via  radio    communications.    The  flight  plan  is  either  manually  controlled  through  
point-and-click  touchscreen  navigation    or    pre-programmed    as    way    points    or    an    AutoGrid    into    the    
auto    pilot    before    or    during    flight  and    only      in    unusual    circumstances    will    the    pilot    input    control    
functions    to    alter    the    pre-programmed  flight.    If    instruction  is    accomplished    through    a    training    
program,    as    set    forth    in    Exhibit    2,  an  equivalent  level    of    safety    will    be    assured.    The    FAA    has    
approved    exemptions    for    flight    training    without    fully  functional    dual    controls    for    a    number    of    
aircraft    and    for    flight    instruction    in    experimental    aircraft.    See  Exemption  Nos.  5778K  &  98xx2A.    The    
equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be    achieved    by    the    manufacturer  providing    the    training    as    outlined,    
for    example,    in      Exhibit      2    and    through    the    use    of    experienced    and  qualified  pilots  familiar  with  the    
2015  AgEagle.      
    
14  CFR  §  91.119:  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes      
    
Section  91.119  establishes  safe  altitudes  for  operation  of  civil  aircraft.    Specifically,  91.119(c)  limits    
aircraft    flying    over    areas    other    than    congested    areas    to    an    altitude    of    500    feet    above    the      
surface,  except    over    open    water    or    sparsely  populated    areas.    In  those  cases,  the  aircraft  may  not  be  
operated  closer  than  500  feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.      
    
As      set    forth    herein,    the      2015  AgEagle    will    never    operate    at    higher    than    400    feet    AGL.    It    will,    
however,    be  operated    to    avoid    congested    or    populated    areas  that  are    depicted    in    yellow    on    VFR    
sectional    charts.  Because    aerial    survey,    mapping    and    inspection    work    must    be    accomplished    at  
relatively  low  altitudes  and  at  altitudes  less  than  500  feet  AGL,  an  exemption  from  Section  91.119(c)  is  
needed.      
    
The    equivalent    level    of    safety    will    be    achieved    given    the    size,    weight,    speed,    and    material    with    
which  the      2015  AgEagle    is    built.    Also,    no    flight    will    be    taken    without    the    permission    of    the    land    
owner    or    those  who      control      the    land.    Because    of    the    advance    notice    to    the    landowner,    all    
affected    individuals  will    be  aware    of    the    flights.    Compared    to    aerial    survey    operations    conducted    
with    aircraft    or    rotorcraft  weighing    far    more    than    7.5    lbs.    and    carrying    flammable    fuel,    any    risk    
associated    with  these    operations  will    be      far    less    than    those    currently    allowed    with    conventional    
aircraft    operating    at    or    below    500    feet  AGL.    Indeed,    the    low-altitude    operations    of      the    sUAS    will      
maintain    separation    between    these    sUAS  operations  and  the  operations  of  conventional  aircraft  that  
must  comply  with  Section  91.119.      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.151(a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions      
    
This    regulation    prohibits    an    individual    from    beginning    "a      flight    in    an    airplane    under    VFR    
conditions  unless    (considering    wind    and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  
first  point  of    intended  landing    and,    assuming    normal    cruising    speed    ­    (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  
that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes."      
    
The      2015  AgEagle  batteries  provide  approximately  40  minutes  of  powered  flight.    Without  an  
exemption  from  §  14  CFR  91.151,  the  sUAS's  flights  would  be  limited  to  approximately  20  minutes  in  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
length.  Given  the  limitations  on  its  proposed  operations  and  the  location  of  those  proposed  operations,  
a  longer  time  frame  for  flight  in  daylight  VFR  conditions  is  reasonable.      
    
AgEagle      believes    that    an    exemption    from    14    CFR    §    91.151(a)      is    safe    and    within    the    scope    of    a    
prior  exemption.    See    Exemption    10xx73    (allowing    Lockheed    Martin    Corporation    to    operate    
without  compliance  with    91.151(a)).  Operating  the  sUAS,  without  30  minutes  of  reserve  fuel  does  not  
engender  the    type    of    risks      that    Section    91.151(a)    was    meant    to    prevent    given  the    size    and    speed    
at    which    the  sUAS    operates.    The    fact    that    it    carries    no    pilot,    passenger,    or    cargo    also    enhances    
its    safety.  Additionally,    limiting      2015  AgEagle    flights    to    20    minutes    would    greatly    reduce    their    
utility.    In  the  unlikely  event  that  the  2015  AgEagle  should  run  out  of  fuel  (battery  power),  it  would  
simply  land.  Given  its  weight  and  construction  material,  the  risks  are  less  than  contemplated  by  the  
current  regulation.      
    
AgEagle    believes  that  an  equivalent  level    of  safety  can  be  achieved  by  maintaining  10  minutes  of  
reserve  fuel,    which,    allowing    30    minutes    of    flight    time,    would    be    more    than    adequate    to    return    
the    sUAS    to    its  planned  landing  zone  from  anywhere  in  its  operating  area.      
    
The    FAA    has    granted    similar    exemptions    to    others,    including    Exemptions    2xx89F,    5745,    10xx73    
and    
10808.    
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.203  (a)  &  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration      
    
This  regulation  provides  as  follows:      
    
(a)    ...    no    person    may    operate    a    civil    aircraft  unless  it  has  ...  an  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  
certificate.      
(b)  No    person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate    required  by  paragraph    (a)    
of    this    section    or    a    special    flight    authorization    issued    under    §91.715    is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  
cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew.      
    
The      2015  AgEagle  fully  loaded  weighs  approximately  7.5  lbs.      As    such,    there    is    no  ability    or    place    to    
carry  certification    and    registration    documents    or    to    display  them  on  the  sUAS.  In  addition,  there  is  no  
pilot  on  board  the  aircraft.      
    
An    equivalent    level  of    safety    will    be    achieved    by    keeping    these    documents    at    the    ground    control    
point  where    the    pilot    flying    the    sUAS    will    have    immediate    access    to    them.    The  FAA  has  issued  
numerous  exemptions  to  this  regulation.    A  representative  sample  of  other  exceptions  includes  
Exemption  Nos.  95xx5,  9xxxx5,  9789,  9789A,  9797,  9797A,  981xxA,  and  10700.      
    
14  C.F.R.  §  91.405(a);  407(a)(1);  409(a)(2);  417(a):  Maintenance  Inspections      
    
Section    91.405(a)    requires    that    an    aircraft    operator    or    owner    "shall    have    that    aircraft    inspected    
as  prescribed    in    subpart    E    of    this    part    and    shall    between    required    inspections,    except    as    
provided    in  paragraph    (c)    of    this    section,    have    discrepancies    repaired    as    prescribed  in    part    43    of    
this    chapter    ..."    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
  
Section  91.407  similarly  makes  reference  to  requirements  in  Part  43;  Section  91.409(a)(2)  requires  an    
annual    inspection    for    the    issuance    of    an    air    worthiness    certificate.    Section  91.417(a)  requires  the    
owner    or    operator    to  keep    records    showing    certain    maintenance    work  that  has  been  accomplished  
by  certificated      mechanics,    under    Part    43,    or    licensed    pilots      and      records    of    approval    of    the    
aircraft    for  return  to  service.      
    
The      2015  AgEagle    is    nearly    maintenance    free,    DroneDeploy's  software    performs    automatic    
pre-flight    checks    and    the    failure    of  any    check    will    prevent    take-off.    Checks    which    cannot    be    done    
by    the  system    will    be  performed    by    a  qualified    person    prior    to    each    flight    and    at    predefined    
intervals    as  part    of  the  Maintenance  Schedule  in  the  User  Manual  (see  Exhibit  1).      
    
Pre-flight  checklist  includes:      
                1.  Visual  inspection  of  the  airframe      
                2.  Visual  inspections  of  rotor  integrity      
                3.  Check  charge  of  all  batteries  (aerial  vehicle,  command  station,  radio  repeater  station)      
    
An    equivalent    level  of    safety    will    be    achieved    because    the    sUAS  is    small    in    size,    will  carry  no  
external  payload,    will      operate    only    in  restricted    predetermined    areas    and  is    not    a  complex    
mechanical    devise.    
As    provided    in    the  attached    User    Guide    (System    Maintenance    section),  the  operator  of    2015  
AgEagle  will  ensure    that    the    sUAS    is    in    working    order    prior    to    initiating    flight,    perform    required    
maintenance,    and  keep      a    log    of    any    maintenance    that    is    performed.    Moreover,    the    operator    is    
the    person    most    familiar  with    the      aircraft    and    is    best    suited    to    maintain    the    aircraft    in    an    
airworthy    condition    and    to    ensure    an  equivalent  level  of  safety.      
    
The      2015  AgEagle's    Maintenance    guidelines    ensure    an    equivalent    level    of    safety    to    the    
maintenance  requirements    in    Part    91.  In  addition,  any  component  failure  detectable  by  the  system  will  
be  reported  to  the    control    station    and    will    cause    the    UAV    to    perform    a    Fatal    Condition    Response  
(FCR)  or  Non-Fatal  Conditioned  Response  (NFCR),  depending  on  the  type  of  failure.      
  
    

               

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
APPENDIX  B      
    

                                 SMALL  UNMANNED  AERIAL  SYSTEM  DESCRIPTION  
                                                                                                                        
AgEagle  Corporate  Overview:    AgEagle  is  a  United  States  company  located  in  Neodeshsa,  KS.    
AgEagle      is    focused    on    providing    micro    unmanned    aerial    system    and    is    globally    recognized    as    the  
market  and    technology    leader    in    this    space.    Key  customers  range  from  individual  farmers  to  
agronomists  doing  research  as  well  as  others  outside  of  the  USA.  
    
AgEagle      systems      have    a  demonstrated  safety    track    record.    The    AgEagle  sUAS    platforms  were    the    
first    to    officially    fly  a  total  of  19,080  operational  hours.  
    
  2015  AgEagle    Overview:    AgEagle    unmanned    systems    have    been    used    to    map  approximately  
1,272,000  acres.  
    
The  2015  AgEagle  can  carry  payloads  up  to  2.5  pounds.    The      2015  AgEagle  flies  at  a  maximum  wind  
threshold  of  43  M.P.H.  for  sustained  winds  and  wind  gusts  up  to  55  M.P.H..    What    is    unique    about  the  
AgEagle      2015  AgEagle    is  the    system    automatically    compensates    for    wind  versus  relying  on  the  
operator's  `sense    of    feel'    for    what  the    impact  of    the  wind  is  at  the  altitude  the  system  is  flying.    The  
end  result  is  a  system  capable  of  gathering  high  quality  aerial  intelligence  at  much  higher  wind  
thresholds.  A  trait  that  is  imperative  for  many  aerial  inspection  operations.    
    
The    2015  AgEagle  has  an  operational  range  of  up  to  20  Statue  miles  (17.38  Nautical  Miles).    
    
All    flight    operations    are    GPS    controlled    making    the    system    extremely    easy    to    navigate.  At    any    
point    if  the    operator    is  not    explicitly    commanding    the  system  to  move,  the    system  automatically  
holds  its  GPS  position    (i.e.    GPS  hold  for  reliable  location  hover).    Camera    positioning    is    also    GPS  
controlled  allowing  for    the    most    sophisticated    camera    targeting    available.    The  flight  control  system  
employs  not  only  GPS  positioning  but  a  variety  of  sensors  including  sonar,  barometric  pressure,  
temperature,  wind  speed  and  others  to  ensure  the  most  stability  of  any  system  in  its  class  -  regardless  of  
the  wind.    
    
Powered  by  DroneDeploy,  the  2015  AgEagle    can    be    operated    in    both      semi    and    fully    autonomous    
flight    modes.    Creating  preplanned    flight    paths    to    fly    in    autonomous    mode    is      as    simple    as    clicking    
on    the    map    to    create    a  preplanned    flight    path.    In    semi-autonomous    mode,      the    operator    clicks    
on    the    map    and    the      AgEagle    2015  AgEagle    automatically    flies    to    the    point    on    the    map    where    
the    operator    is    pointing.    Pre-mission  waypoints,  Landing  zone  points  and  flight  area  dimensions  can  all  
be  entered  during  preflight  ensuring  the  2015  AgEagle  operates  only  within  specified  parameters.    
    
The  2015  AgEagle  includes  many  advanced  safety  features  that  makes  the  2015  AgEagle  the  safest  
choice  for  both  urban  and  non-urban  environments.    Built-in    intelligent    fault    handling    allows    the    
2015  AgEagle    to    detect  a    system    fault    while    in    the    air,    and  to  automatically  fly  back  to  its  take-off  
location  and    land.    Faults  that  can  be  detected  include:      loss  of  communication;  pre-set  wind    
thresholds  exceeded;  and  low    battery    levels.    In    addition,    the    operator    can    create    no    fly    zones    or    
maximum    flight  ranges    and    altitudes  so  the  system  cannot  enter  areas  deemed  unsafe  or  unnecessary  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
to  fly  over.  And  before  every  take-off  automated  flight  checks  ensure  the  system  is  flight  ready  before  it  
takes  off.    
    
The  2015  AgEagle  can  be  operated  entirely  by  a  touch-screen,  map  based  interface.  This  means  The    
operator    only    needs    to  command    the    system    where    to    go,    and    the    system    does    all    the    flying    for  
the    operator.    Maps  can    be    saved    and    flight    plans    can    be    made    or    recalled.    
    
  2015  AgEagle  Operating  Manual  -  System  user  manual  available  upon  request.    
    
  
Physical  Characteristics:    
  
Measurements  ­  56"  wingspan  X  6.5"  long  
Weight  (without  payload  but  with  batteries)  ­  7  pounds  
Weight  with  payload  (T/O  weight)  ­  7.5  pounds  
Fuel  -  Batteries  
Landing  style/type  ­  belly  landing    
Propulsion  System    
          Engines  ­  The    2015  AgEagle  is  powered  by  1  electric  brushless  DC  motor.    
          Batteries    ­      Lithium    polymer    batteries    are    self-contained    high    duration    systems    with    SMART    
                intelligence  on-board.    This  includes  cycle  charge  times,  locations,  GPS  antenna,  chemical    
                management,    and    real-time    data    feeds    to    ensure    maximum    flight    duration    and    sub-system    
                safety  processes.  Charging  is  done  in  the  included  AgEagle  Battery  charger  and  can  be  charged    
                via  standard  wall  outlet,  or  via  a  vehicle.    
    
Performance  Characteristics    
          Maximum  Altitude  ­  400  AGL  
          Maximum  Endurance  ­  40  minutes  
          Maximum  Range  ­  VLOS  (Visual  Line  Of  Sight)  
          Weather  Minimums  -  NA  
          Winds  Maximum  ­  40  MPH  
          Minimum  ceiling:  -  VLOS  (Visual  Line  Of  Sight)  
          Minimum  visibility:  -  VLOS  (Visual  Line  Of  Sight)  
          Icing  conditions  ­  no  icing  conditions    
          Precipitation  ­  no  visible  moisture    
    
Maintenance    ­    The    UAS    is    nearly  maintenance    free,    it    performs    automatic    pre-flight  checks    and    
the  failure    of    any      check    will    prevent    take-off.    Checks    which    cannot    be    done    by    the    system    will    
be  performed  by  a  qualified  person  prior  to  each  flight.    
    
Pre-flight  checklist  includes:    
            Visual  inspection  of  the  airframe    
            Visual  inspections  of  rotor  integrity    
            Check  charge  of  all  batteries  (aerial  vehicle,  command  station,  radio  repeater  station)    
    
Reliability  ­  The  system  is  designed  for  maximum  reliability  and  to  maintain  performance  over  its  life.    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
The  only  components  experience  routine  wear  are  rotors,  batteries,  motors,  and  legs.  Battery  and  motor  
conditions  are  monitored  by  the  system  with  deviations  reported  to  the  operator.    
    
Contact    with    other    objects    during    flight    may    cause    other    components,    particularly    rotors,    and    
motor  arms,      to    become    damaged.    Damaged    components    are      likely    to    be    detected    during    the    
full    visual  inspection      of    the    airframe    performed    before    each    flight.    Structural    damage    affecting    
flight  characteristics  will  be  detected  by  on-board  sensors.    
    
The    UAV    system    detects  numerous    conditions    which    may    make    flying    unsafe,    such    as  reduced  GPS    
accuracy,    magnetic    anomalies,  low    battery    charge,    battery    cell    imbalances,    temperature    
fluctuations.  Automatic    pre-flight    checks    prevent    the    UAV    from    taking    off    if    such    conditions    are    
present;    or,    if    the  condition  is  detected  during  flight,  the  system  will  trigger  a  Fatal  Conditioned  
Response.    
    
Fault    Tolerance    -    The    key    feature  of    the    UAV    fault    tolerance    is    its    mechanical    simplicity.    It  uses  
four  fixed  pitched  rotors,  each  mounted  on  a  separate  motor.    No  control  surfaces  or  other  actuators  
are  required  for  the  UAS  to  fly.    Any    component    failure    detectable    by    the    system    will    be    reported    
to    the  control    station    and    will    cause    the    UAV    to    perform    a    Fatal    Condition    Response    (FCR)    or    
Non-Fatal  Conditioned  Response  (NFCR),  depending  on  the  type  of  failure.    
    
Command  and  Control  Systems    
The  2015  AgEagle  Ground  Control  station  allows  the  operator  simultaneous  control  over  aircraft  and  
payloads.  The  touch  screen  control  allows  for  quick  navigation  and  data  entry  while  the  display  screen  
provides  all  essential  flight  data  to  the  operator.  Telemetry  data  is  transmitted  to  the  command  station  
at  least  once  per  second.    
    
Displayed  on  GCS:    
            UAS  Position    
            Navigation  Route    
            UAS  Tail  Number    
            UAS  Position    
            UAS  Altitude    
            UAS  Heading    
            North  Seeking  Arrow    
            Range  to  Target    
            Calculated  target  position    
            Date/time    
            Sensor  heading  and  orientation  relative  to  UAS    
    
On-board    Flight    Instruments    ­      The    UAV    is    equipped    with    an    Inertial    Navigation    System    (3-axis    
gyroscope,    3-axis    magnetometer,    GPS    receiver,    and    static    pressure    sensor)    and    a    sonar    sensor    for  
precision  AGL  altitude  measurement.    
  
On­board    computer    systems    ­    The    UAS    is    equipped    on-board    computer    systems    to    monitor  
(sensors,    battery,    etc.),    control    (speeds,  altitude,    position,    etc.),    and    communicate  (control,  
telemetry,  etc.).    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
    
On-board    guidance    and    navigation    equipment    ­    The    UAS    can    operate    autonomously;    it    does    not  
require  any  input  from  ground-based  equipment,  or  from  the  pilot  to  hover  in  place.    
    
Frequency  Allocations  ­  900  MHz,  2.4  GHz,  5.8  GHz,  1,700  ­  2,100  Mhz,  custom    
    
Flight    termination    link    ­    to    prevent    a    "fly    away"    or    other    potentially    dangerous      situation    a    flight  
termination  link  is  available  to  the  operator  at  the  GCS.    
    
Takeoff    and    Landing    ­    The      2015  AgEagle    has    vertical    lift    autonomous    launch    and    recovery.    A    
Landing  Zone  "LZ"  is  designated  by  the  operators  and  identified  in  the  GCS  software.  For  launch  
procedures  the  aircraft    will    takeoff    and    hover    3  meters    directly    above    the    LZ    and    hold  until  further    
operator  instruction  is  given.  The  aircraft  will  automatically  adjust  for  wind  during  this  period.    
    
Navigation    System    ­    Specific    maps  can    be    downloaded    to    the    display    screen    (such    as  air  sectional    
and    geographic    maps)    which    are    overlaid    with    GPS    positional    data.  Waypoints  can  be  created  
before  and  during  flight  operation  creating  specific  locations  and  sequences  for  the  aircraft.    
    
Redundant    Systems    ­    The    UAS    combines    the    input    from    a    multitude    of    sensors.    Even  though  the    
data  from    all    sensors    is  required  for    optimal    system  performance,  a  single  sensor  malfunction  is  likely  
to  result  in  degraded  performance  rather  than  leading  to  a  catastrophic  failure.    
    
  
Emergency  Procedures  and  System  Failures    
  
Failure    Handling    ­    The    UAS    has  extensive    failure    detection    and    handling    capabilities.    All  failures  
are  deeded  to  be  either  fatal  or  non-fatal.    Failures  classified  as  fatal  result  in  a  Fatal  Condition  Response  
(FCR);  and  failures  classified  as  non-fatal  result  in  a  Non-Fatal  Condition  Response  (NFCR).    
    
Sensor    Failure    ­    Failure    of    on-board    flight    instruments/sensors    will      degrade    the    UAS    
performance  and    will    result      in    either    a    FCR    or    a  NFCR,    depending    on    their    severity.    If  the  UAS  
becomes  unstable  due  to  sensor  failure,  it  will  stop  all  four  motors  and  free  fall  to  avoid  a  fly  away  
condition.    
    
Motor  Failure  ­  The  UAS  flight  performance  will  degrade  significantly  if  one  or  more  motors  fail.    
    
Airframe  Failure  ­  If  airframe  is  damaged  in  ways  that  impacts  flight  characteristics,  the  UAS  will  behave  
similar  to  if  an  on-board  flight  instrument  failed.    
    
Navigation  System  Failure  ­  In  a  navigation  system  failure,  degraded  GPS  will  result  in  FCR  or  NFCR  `s  
depending  on  failures.    
    
Power  Failure  ­  A  complete  battery  failure  which  results  in  power  loss  to  the  UAS  will  result  in  degraded  
flight  performance.    
    

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
Low  Battery  Condition  ­  Operator  will  be  alerted  of  a  low  battery  condition  and  will  land  the  aircraft  as  
soon  as  able.    
    
Low  Battery  Condition  ­  Operator  will  be  alerted  of  a  low  battery  condition  and  will  land  the  aircraft  as  
soon  as  able.    
    
Line-of-Sight  Loss  ­  All  flight  operations  will  be  conducted  with  the  UAS  within  visual  sight  of  the  pilot.    
If  the  pilot's  view  becomes  obstructed  and  line-of-sight  is  lost,  the  pilot  may  instruct  the  UAS  to  hover  in  
place  until  line-of-sight  is  reestablished,  to  return  to  the  take-off  position,  or  to  land  at  the  current  
position.    
    
Security    
The  system  and  communication  links  are  encrypted  by  the  manufacturer's  proprietary  software.    
    
    
    

               

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
APPENDIX  C      
    

                           SUMMARY  OF  AGEAGLE  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  REQUEST  
    
AgEagle  hereby  provides  pursuant  to  Part  11,  a  summary  of  its  exemption  application  to  allow  
commercial  operation  of  the  2015  AgEagle  small  unmanned  system  in:  agricultural  market  research,  
data  collection,  scouting,  precision  aerial  survey  work,  mapping  and  inspections.  An  exemption  is  
requested  from  the  following  regulations:      
    
14  C.F.R.  Part  21;      
14  C.F.R.  45.23(b);      
14  C.F.R.  xx1.113(a)  &  (b);      
14  C.F.R.  xx1.133(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.7(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2)  &  (c);      
14  C.F.R.  91.103;    
14  C.F.R.  91.109(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.119;    
14  C.F.R.  91.151(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  &  (b);      
14  C.F.R.  91.405(a);      
14  C.F.R.  91.407(a)(1);      
14  C.F.R.  91.409(a)(2);      
14  C.F.R.  91.417(a)  

AgEAgle,  Neodesha,  KS    66757   www.AgEagle.com   620-332-9264  

                      
