August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12586
                                                           Regulatory Docket No.FAA-2015-0323

Mr. Adam Thorngate-Gottlund
Counsel for AGERpoint, Inc.
The Royse Law Firm
1717 Embarcadero Road
Palo Alto CA 94303

Dear Mr. Thorngate-Gottlund:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of AGERpoint, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct data collection
operations which will be used for early stage disease detection, crop inventory, and mapping.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the FOV Skyhunter 1.8 and AGERpoint Penguin B.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, AGERpoint, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, AGERpoint, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the FPV Skyhunter 1.8
         and AGERPoint Penguin B when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                       WASHINGTON, DC

                          Regulatory Docket No. _

          IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                       AGERPOINT, INC.

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
            SECTIONS 21.185, 45.23(b), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b),
                91.103, 91.121, 91.119, 91.203(a) & (b), 405(a), 407(a)(1),
                                  409(a)(2), AND 417(a) & (b)

   CONCERNING OPERATION OF AN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                              IN THE NATIONAL AIRSPACE

                         PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE
               FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

               Submitted on February 5, 2015

               Adam Thorngate-Gottlund
               The Royse Law Firm
               1717 Embarcadero Road
               Palo Alto CA 94303
               Tel: (650) 813-9700
               Fax: (650) 813-9777
               Attorney for Petitioner

{00052557;10}
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................6

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................8
    REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS................................................................................8
    GRANTING AGERPOINT'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC
    INTEREST....................................................................................................................24
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...........27
CONCLUSION..................................................................................................................28

{00052557;10}  2
AGL                     GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
ATC            Above Ground Level
COA            Air Traffic Control
FAA            Certificate of Authorization
FAR            Federal Aviation Administration
               Federal Aviation Regulation NAS
PIC            National Airspace System
Section 333    Pilot In Command
SMS            FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
UAS            Safety Management System
VFR            Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC            Visual Flight Rules
               Visual Meteorological Conditions

{00052557;10}  3
                                                    SUMMARY
          AGERpoint, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b), 61.113
(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103, 91.121, 91.119, 91.203(a) and (b), 405(a), 407(a)(1),
409(a)(2), 417(a) and (b), as well as the restricted category airworthiness certification standards
specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness as
contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21. AGERpoint, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "AGERpoint") is
an agricultural consulting company that provides crop inventory and analysis to growers of
permanent crops (e.g. tree, bush and vine crops). AGERpoint is in the process of acquiring a UAV
Factory Penguin B Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Platform (hereinafter referred to as the "Penguin B
UAV Platform"), functionally identical to Unmanned Aerial Vehicles ("UAVs") used by the
United States Defense Department, as well as various research institutions, in order to provide
these services. This exemption will permit AGERpoint to operate this Unmanned Aircraft System
("UAS") safely over certain rural areas of the national airspace (the "NAS"), in order to collect
data which will be used for early stage disease detection, crop inventory and mapping using
instruments including LiDAR, Multispectral, hyperspectral, photographic and thermal sensors
which require low altitude and low speed collection of data ­ something the UAS is uniquely
qualified to do ­ without complying with FAA regulations which would be impossible for a UAS
or preclude the operations AGERpoint contemplates.

{00052557;10}  4
                                                 BACKGROUND
         A. Unmanned Aircraft System: Penguin B UAV Platform
         AGERpoint seeks an exemption to operate a Penguin B UAV Platform for compensation or
hire within the NAS. The Penguin B UAV Platform is comprised of an unmanned aircraft and a
transportable ground station. The Penguin B UAV Platform has a maximum takeoff weight of
approximately 47 pounds, a wingspan of 130 inches, and a length of 89 inches. The Penguin B
UAV Platform unmanned aircraft is equipped with a single propeller driven by a small gasoline
powered internal combustion engine.

               Figure 1: The Penguin B UAV Platform unmanned aircraft.

{00052557;10}  5
B. Safe Operational History of the Penguin B UAV Platform unmanned aircraft
    in the NAS

 The Penguin B UAV has operated safely within the NAS as a research platform for

a variety of organizations, including (but not limited to) Virginia Tech, California State

University, Texas A&M, Kansas State University, the United States Naval Research Labs,

and the United States Air Force. The Air Force alone has logged over 100 hours of flight

time with the Penguin B UAV over three years in service, representing 66 total sorties, of

which 38 took place during 2014.

                                  BASIS FOR PETITION

Petitioner, AGERpoint, Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the

provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned

Aircraft Systems (hereafter "Section 333"), hereby petitions the Administrator for an

exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b), 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7(a),

91.9(b), 91.103, 91.121, 91.119, 91.203(a) and (b), 405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), and 417(a)

and (b), as well as the restricted category airworthiness certification standards specified in

14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness as

contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21. In accordance with Federal Aviation Regulation

("FAR") Section 21.16, Special Conditions (14 C.F.R. § 21.16), AGERpoint further

requests that, to the extent necessary, the Administrator prescribe such special conditions for

the intended operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform as the Administrator finds necessary

to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by the restricted category

airworthiness certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the

requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness as contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21.

The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333 directs the Secretary

{00052557;10}                     6
of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS.

AGERpoint's request for exemption may be granted pursuant to the authority of Section

333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11. Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a

UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national

security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness

certification. Section 333 states the following:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
         later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
         Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate
         safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking
         required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this
         Act.

       (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination
       under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

       (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
       speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
       operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
       airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

       (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
       certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
       operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

       (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section
       that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
       system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
       aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

         As discussed in detail below, under AGERpoint's program the Penguin B UAV

Platform will operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or

the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, AGERpoint provides the following information in

support of its petition for exemption:

{00052557;10}  7
          A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

                   The name and address of the Petitioner is:
                   AGERpoint, Inc.
                   P.O. Box 1810
                   Daytona Beach, FL 32115

                   The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is
                   as follows:

                   Adam Thorngate-Gottlund, Esq.
                   The Royse Law Firm
                   1717 Embarcadero Road
                   Palo Alto CA 94303
                   Tel: (650) 813-9700
                   Fax: (650) 813-9777
                   Email: adamtg@rroyselaw.com

          B. Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which AGERpoint Seeks Exemption, And The
                  Extent Of The Exemption.

          1. The Certification Standards Specified In Section 21.185 and Part 21.

         In accordance with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, and

14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, AGERpoint seeks to exempt the Penguin B

UAV Platform from the restricted category airworthiness certification specified in 14 C.F.R.

§ 21.185, or the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued, as contemplated by

14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 21.185 entitled Issue of airworthiness certificates for restricted

category aircraft, states in part:

          (a) Aircraft manufactured under a production certificate or type certificate. An
          applicant for the original issue of a restricted category airworthiness certificate for
          an aircraft type certificated in the restricted category, that was not previously type
          certificated in any other category, must comply with the appropriate provisions of §
          21.183.

          AGERpoint seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements and proposes

 to commercially operate the Penguin B UAV Platform without an airworthiness certificate

 for the special purpose of providing crop inventory and analysis. AGERpoint seeks relief

{00052557;10}  8
from the airworthiness certificate requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 21.185 to the extent that the

Penguin B UAV Platform, which has not yet been type certificated by the FAA, may be

operated as if it were a restricted category aircraft for a single, defined, special purpose

operation (i.e., agricultural surveying). Operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform will not

create a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national

security.

Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create

a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security. Further,

Section 333 provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness

certification. Specifically, Section 333 states the following, in part:

(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
 airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code,
 is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under
 paragraph (1).

As set forth further below, numerous factors, particularly the physical characteristics

of the Penguin B UAV, the operational history of the Penguin B UAV Platform in the NAS,

as well as the specific parameters of AGERpoint's intended operation pursuant to this

exemption, demonstrate that the Penguin B UAV Platform will operate safely in the NAS

without creating a hazard to other aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA

may approve operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform, without an airworthiness certificate,

by setting forth specific operating limitations to ensure a level of safety equivalent to what

would be provided by airworthiness certification.

{00052557;10}  9
         AGERpoint submits that the Penguin B UAV Platform can operate safely in the NAS,
and will not create a hazard to other aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA
may approve its use without an airworthiness certificate as demonstrated by: (i) the safe
operational history and current use of the Penguin B UAV Platform in the NAS; (ii) the
characteristics of the Penguin B UAV Platform; (iii) the limited area of AGERpoint's
intended operation (i.e. only over private land in rural areas with the prior consent and
coordinated planning of the landowner); (iv) the licensed pilot requirement; (v) the specific
operating limitations; and (vi) any other conditions that the Administrator may prescribe.

                   i. The Penguin B UAV Platform Has A History Of Safe Operation In
                          The NAS.

         The Penguin B UAV has operated safely within the NAS as a research platform for
a variety of organizations, including (but not limited to) Virginia Tech, California State
University, Texas A&M, Kansas State University, the United States Naval Research Labs,
and the United States Air Force. The Air Force alone has logged over 100 hours of flight
time with the Penguin B UAV over three years in service, representing 66 total sorties, of
which 38 took place during 2014.

                   ii. The Specifications Of The Penguin B UAV Platform Demonstrate
                         Its Safe Characteristics.

          The Penguin B UAV Platform does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or
 the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight,
 speed, or operational capability. The specifications of the Penguin B UAV Platform are
 as follows:

{00052557;10}  10
Unmanned Aircraft         The Penguin B UAV is an Unmanned Aircraft System that is
       System             comprised of an unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground
                          station.

Unmanned Aircraft         Wingspan: 130 in. Length: 89 in.
     Dimensions
       Engine              Engine (Propulsive Unit)
    (Propulsive            Manufacturer: 3W-modellmotoren
        Unit)              http://www.3w-modellmotoren.com/katalog/motoren-
                           einzylinder-28/3w-28i.html
         Fuel              28cc gas 2-stroke engine
                           Muffler system
                           3.35 HP
                           electronic spark
                           APC 16x15 propeller
                           Unleaded gasoline with 2-stroke oil mixture
                           Reverse rotation to utilize tractor propellers

                          Generator
                          Manufacturer: UAV Factory
                          150W max
                          Belt driven.

                          Unleaded gasoline with 2-stroke oil mixture

Engine (Propulsive Unit)  Maximum Power Output: 3.35 HP
           Limits         Maximum RPM: 8,500 RPM
                          Maximum Motor Temperature: 250 °F (121 °C)

                                   NOTE: The motor temperature is not displayed to the
                                  operator.

    Propeller and         Manufacturer: APC
  Propeller Limits        Fixed pitch tractor 16x15 or 17x10 (Diameter x Pitch)
                          Max RPM: 9,000
Backup Battery
        Command &         Manufacturer: various
        Control           Lipo 3S 3,000 mah

{00052557;10}             11
Airspeed Limits       Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 68 knot (35 m/s)
                      Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 43 knots (22 m/s)
                      Va (Maneuvering Speed) 43 knots (22 m/s)
                      Landing Speed: 25 knots (13 m/s)

                C.G.  .25 inches fore or aft from datum
               Range

               Datum  Marked on aircraft

Mean Aerodynamic      13 in. long with leading edge 21.2 in. from nose
   Chord (MAC)

Leveling Means        Not Applicable.

Maximum Weights       Ramp 47 lbs.
                      Takeoff 47 lbs.
                      Landing 47 lbs.

Empty Weight          22 lbs.

                              NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and
                              payload modules.

Frequencies           902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                      420-450 MHz (ISM Band)

                              NOTE: Telemetry uplink and downlink are on the 900 Mhz
                              band. C2 uplink and downlink are on the 400 Mhz band.

Computer Software APM Mission Planner

{00052557;10}                          12
Minimum Crew     (1) The Penguin B UAV Platform can be operated by a single
Number of Seats  operator.

                 (0) Not Applicable.

Fuel Capacity    7.5 gallons maximum

Oil Capacity     Not Applicable.

Max. Operating Altitude 10,000 ft. AGL (3040 M)

Control Surface  Wing Flaps                      Down 45
  Movements                                               Up 30° Down 30°
                 Aileron                                  Up 60° Down 60°
                 "V" tail elevator action                 Up 60° Down 60°
                 "V" tail rudder action
                 "V" tail max. combination                Up 60° Down 60°
                  Rudder elevator action

Nominal Endurance 10 hours

Ambient Outside Air Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
Temperature (OAT) Minimum OAT At Altitude: -20 °F (-29 °C)

Wind Limitation  15 knots steady, 5 knots gusts

Maintenance      This Penguin B UAV Platform must be maintained in accordance
                 with the Penguin B UAV Maintenance Operation Manual, or later
                 FAA accepted revision.

{00052557;10}                     13
                    iii. Flight Operations Pursuant To The Exemption Sought
                              Would Be Limited To Rural Areas over Private Land.

           AGERpoint proposes to only conduct aerial survey flight operations over privately
  held land in rural areas, and to undertake certain procedures if a flight near to airports,
  helipads, or state roads is planned. Specifically, AGERpoint's proposed flight operations
  are by their nature limited to rural areas that are:

        1. Private land with consent having been received from the landowner and plans
            implemented as to any persons or structures on the ground within the flight area;

       2. Not within five (5) miles of any airport or helipad, except with the prior approval of
            the relevant FAA and/or ATC offices;

Furthermore, all flight operations will be conducted such that the energy of the UAS as defined
by a 2:1 glide slope is never directed outside the boundaries of the consenting landholder's
land, and never directed over any state road.

         In summary, AGERpoint seeks to operate its Penguin B UAV Platform only over rural
areas, while maintaining safe distances from any populated areas, airports, helipads, or major
roadways.

                   iv. Flight Operations Of The Penguin B UAV Platform Are Limited
                            To The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command.

         AGERpoint will only utilize Pilots in Command (PIC) who have successfully taken and
passed the FAA written private pilot knowledge test, who also have a valid driver's license or
third class medical certificate, in order to certify their health. The pilot must have 200 takeoffs
and landings, and 25 hours of flight time on the Penguin B. The PIC must meet the
requirements as set forth by the Standard Operating Procedures adopted by AGERpoint for
flight operations of the Penguin B UAV Platform.

{00052557;10}  14
                 v. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                         Limitations.

       In seeking this exemption, AGERpoint proposes to operate the Penguin B UAV
Platform, for the special purpose of conducting aerial surveys for early stage disease
detection, crop inventory, and mapping, pursuant to the following specific operating
limitations:

        1. Flight operations are permitted only over defined areas of private land.

2. The Penguin B UAV Platform will be operated at or below 400 ft. above ground
    level (AGL).

3. The Penguin B UAV Platform shall be operated within two miles, and within line
    of sight, of the pilot in command.

4. The Penguin B UAV Platform shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight
    Rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Penguin B UAV
    Platform shall be operated only during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of
    morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in
    the American Air Almanac, converted to local time).

5. The duration of each flight shall not exceed 8 hours, or 80% of the Penguin B
    UAV Platform's nominal endurance.

6. The Penguin B UAV Platform shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations
    directly next to the pilot in command.

7. Operations shall be conducted by certificated PICs who have completed training,
    checking, currency, and recency of experience requirements as approved by the
    FAA Administrator.

8. Operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform with any inoperative instruments or
    equipment shall be prohibited.

9. The Penguin B UAV Platform shall be maintained in accordance with the
    Manufacturer's Maintenance Manual.

10. Prior to flight operations, AGERpoint shall coordinate and establish two way
    communications with the nearest Air Traffic Control facility, if located within five
    miles of the survey area.

11. All flight operations will be conducted such that the energy of the UAV as defined

{00052557;10}  15
               by a 2:1 glide slope is never directed outside the boundaries of the consenting
               landholder's land, and never directed over any state road.

               vi. Additional Operating Limitations May Be Prescribed By The FAA.

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 14

C.F.R. § 21.16, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions for the intended operation

of the Penguin B UAV Platform in order to establish a level of safety equivalent to that

established by Section 21.185. Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions

if the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate

safety standards due to the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft.

Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not
         contain adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine,
         or propeller because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft
         engine or propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for
         the product. The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this
         chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or
         propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
         established in the regulations.

See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

AGERpoint requests that, to the extent necessary, the FAA prescribe such special

conditions for AGERpoint's intended operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform as will

establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by Section 21.185, and 14 C.F.R. Part

21, which will permit safe operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform for the special purpose

of conducting aerial surveys without an airworthiness certificate.

2. The Display Requirements Of Section 45.23(b).

AGERpoint seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b). Section 45.23 entitled

Display of marks; general, subsection (b), states the following:

(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration

{00052557;10}  16
         number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
         experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on
         that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not
         less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
         "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
         AGERpoint requests relief from the requirement of Section 45.23(b), if applicable,
that the word "Restricted" be displayed on the Penguin B UAV Platform near each entrance
to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. As the Penguin B UAV Platform is unmanned, it has no
cabin, cockpit, pilot station, or entrances thereto. Therefore, AGERpoint proposes that, if
required by the Administrator, the word "Restricted" be displayed in letters two (2) inches
high, horizontally on both sides of the fuselage between the leading edge of the wing and the
nose section of the Penguin B UAV Platform.
         This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 45.23(b)
because if required, displaying the word "Restricted" with two (2) inch high letters,
horizontally on both sides of the fuselage between the leading edge of the wing and the nose
section of the Penguin B UAV Platform, will inform all parties of the unmanned aircraft's
overall operating status in compliance with size requirement of Section 45.23(b) (i.e.,
"letters not less than 2 inches . . . high"). By placing the letters horizontally on both sides of
the fuselage between the leading edge of the wing and the nose section of the Penguin B
UAV Platform, will ensure that the word "Restricted" is the in most visible location, so that
all parties will be informed of the unmanned aircraft's overall operating status.
         The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8737, 10167, 10167A,
10700, 10810).
         3. The Private Pilot Privilege and Limitations of Section 61.113 (a) and (b).
       Section 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the

{00052557;10}  17
Penguin B UAV will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations will achieve the
same level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have
passed the FAA written private pilot knowledge test. Unlike a conventional commercial
aircraft, the Penguin B UAV is remotely controlled without the ability to carry humans or cargo
apart from its instruments and fuel. By definition, AGERpoint's operation of the UAV will be
in a controlled, restricted area and subject to flight plan restrictions as set forth in this
application, supplemented by such Special Conditions as the Administrator may require. This
level of safety is greater than that provided by a single individual holding either a commercial
or a private pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the
operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform are so much smaller than the level of risk associated
with conventional aircraft in general, and specifically with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 when it was drafted, that allowing operations of the Penguin B UAV
with a private pilot as PIC exceeds the present safety achieved by Section 61.113 (a) & (b).

         4. The Civil Aircraft Airworthiness Requirement of Section 91.7(a).
         Section 91.7(a) requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the Penguin B
UAV if this exemption is granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining
airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the limitations on operations set out in this
application and in any Special Conditions required by the FAA, an equivalent level of safety
will be achieved as under the regulation.
          5. The Manual Requirement Of Section 91.9(b).
          AGERpoint seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b). Section 91.9 entitled
 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements, subsection (b) states the
 following:

{00052557;10}  18
         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--

         (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter unless there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual provided for in § 121.141(b); and

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
         combination thereof.

          Relief is requested because the Penguin B UAV Platform weighs approximately

 forty seven (47) pounds at its maximum gross weight and cannot carry the approved

 Airplane Flight Manual onboard. Furthermore, since the Penguin B UAV Platform is

 unmanned, the aircrew member is located at a ground control station. As such,

 AGERpoint proposes the following conditions and limitations to its request for exemption

 from Section 91.9(b):

          The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be kept at the ground control station,
          where it is immediately available for reference by the aircrew member (pilot in
          command) of the Penguin B UAV Platform any time the unmanned aircraft is
          operating.

The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be made available within 10 days to any FAA, U.S.

Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.

          This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.9(b)

 because AGERpoint will keep the approved Airplane Flight Manual at the ground control

 station where the pilot in command flying the Penguin B UAV Platform will have immediate

 access to the document.

          Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.9(b) establish that

 safety is not adversely affected when the approved Aircraft Flight Manual is kept at the

 ground control station of a UAS, where it can be immediately accessed by the pilot in

 command. Section 91.9(b) "requires aircraft to carry the flight manual so the pilot would

{00052557;10}  19
 have ready access to the aircraft limitations while in flight." Exemption No. 8607. However,
 the FAA has also found that UAS will always be operated without any passengers or crew
 onboard, and that "requiring these special-use aircraft [UAS] to carry superfluous paper
 documents may present a safety hazard to the integrity of the [UAS]." Id.

          The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all
 material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
 9430, 9554, 9564, 9565, 10167, 10602, 10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

         6. The Preflight Action Requirement of Section 91.103.
         Section 91.103 requires each PIC to take certain actions before flight to ensure the
safety of the flight. As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the Penguin B
UAV Platform, an exemption will be necessary. An equivalent level of safety will be provided
by following the preflight procedures set forth at Exhibit A hereto.
         7. The Altimeter Settings Requirement of Section 91.121.
         Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
by reference to an altimeter which is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." The Penguin B UAV will not be
equipped with a barometric altimeter, but with a DGPS system nominally accurate to within 0.2
degrees of its programmed heading and about one centimeter of its programmed horizontal
position which will be integrated into the Penguin B UAV Platform; therefore an exemption
will be necessary. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator pursuant to the
preflight procedures set forth at Exhibit A hereto.
         8. The Minimum Safe Altitude Requirements of Section 91.119.
         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Subsections (b)
and (d) are, either by the terms of AGERpoint's planned operations or by the nature of the

{00052557;10}  20
Penguin B UAV, inapplicable here. Subsection (c) allows for operation at less than 500 feet
AGL "over open water or sparsely populated areas" such as those where AGERpoint will
conduct its operations, although "aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure." In order to successfully collect agricultural data,
AGERpoint may need to operate the Penguin B UAV within 500 feet of people, vessels,
vehicles, or structures. As set forth in this Application, AGERpoint's operations will only take
place with the prior consent and cooperative planning of all people and owners of vessels,
vehicles, or structures permitted onsite during operation. Coordination will be done with
property owner and onsite farm manager.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
Penguin B UAV, as well as the locations where it will be operated. No flight will be taken
without the prior permission of all parties this Section aims to protect. All affected individuals
will be made aware of the planned flight operation. Compared with the flight operations of
conventional aircraft weighing several orders of magnitude more than the Penguin B UAV, any
risk associated with AGERpoint's operations is far lower than similar operations with
conventional aircraft. In addition, this exemption will permit separation between AGERpoint's
operations and those of conventional aircraft.

                   9. The Certifications Requirements Of Sections 91.203(a) and (b).
          AGERpoint seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b). Section
 91.203 entitled Civil aircraft: Certifications required, subsections (a) and (b) state the
 following:
          (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
          has within it the following:
          (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. [....]

{00052557;10}  21
          (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation
          within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as
          provided for in § 47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a
          foreign country.

          (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
          required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
          under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
          passengers or crew.

          The Penguin B UAV Platform is unmanned; it has no cabin, cockpit, pilot station, or

 entrances thereto. The aircrew member is located at a ground control station and no

 passengers can be carried. As such, AGERpoint proposes the following conditions and

 limitations to its request for exemption from Sections 91.203(a) and (b):

          The documents required by Sections 91.203(a) and (b) must be kept at the ground
          control station, where it is immediately available to the aircrew member (pilot in
          command) of the Penguin B UAV Platform any time the unmanned aircraft is
          operating.

The documents required by 91.203(a) and (b) must be made available within 10 days to any

FAA, U.S. Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.

          This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Sections 91.203(a)

 and (b) because AGERpoint will keep the required documents at the ground control station

 where the pilot in command flying the Penguin B UAV Platform will have immediate

 access.

          Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.203(a) and (b)

 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the Airworthiness Certificate and U.S.

 registration certificate are kept at the ground control station of the UAS, where it can be

 immediately accessed by the pilot in command. Specifically, the FAA has held that the intent

 of Sections 91.203(a) and (b) is better served by having the required documents in the control

 of the UAS operator (pilot in command), reasoning as follows in Exemption 8607:

{00052557;10}  22
          The original intent of the subject regulation was to display the airworthiness and
          registration documents so they would be easily available to FAA inspectors and
          passengers for inspection and verification of the airworthiness and registration of
          the aircraft . . . In this case, the aircraft will always be operated without any
          passengers or crew.

          The missions for which UASs are intended will prevent the aircraft from being
          available for the inspections normally prescribed for civil aircraft. Further, it will
          be operated on strictly confined missions from a known departure and arrival point,
          under the constant control of a pilot-in-command. We also find that requiring these
          special-use aircraft to carry superfluous paper documents may present a safety
          hazard to the integrity of the [UAS].

          FAA operating limitations and special arrangements with Air Traffic Control (ATC)
          for surveillance of [UAS] flights adequately compensate for the requirements for
          carrying airworthiness and registration documents. We find the intent of the
          regulation is better served by having the required documents in the control of the
          aircraft operator and available for inspection under the special conditions
          prescribed in this exemption.

          The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all

 material respects, to those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,

 9564, 9565, 10167, 10602, 10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

         10. The Maintenance and Inspections Requirements of Sections 405(a),
                  407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), and 417(a) and (b).

         These Sections require than an aircraft operator or owner have the aircraft regularly

inspected and maintained according to established standards, and maintain certain records of

the same. Because they only apply to aircraft with airworthiness certificates, these sections will

not apply to AGERpoint.

         Nonetheless, equivalent levels of safety will be obtained through the small physical

characteristics of the Penguin B UAV, as well as maintenance provided by the operator

pursuant to rigorous recordkeeping in an Aircraft Maintenance Logbook (provided as Exhibit

A). If mechanical issues arise, the UAV can land immediately. As provided in Exhibit B, the

operator will ensure that the UAV is in working order prior to initiating flight and perform

{00052557;10}  23
required maintenance. This will best achieve the goals of these sections, since the operator will
be most familiar with the UAV and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy condition.
 C. Granting AGERpoint's Request Would Be In The Public Interest.

          Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing AGERpoint
 safely, efficiently, and economically to perform aerial crop inventory and analysis in support
 of any organization which might require it, including government entities, agriculture
 producers and other businesses, scientific researchers, wildlife conservationists, and forestry
 professionals. Additionally, use of the Penguin B UAV Platform will decrease congestion of
 the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. These benefits
 will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

          1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Surveys And Research
                   Performed.

          AGERpoint submits this Petition to perform aerial crop inventory and analysis in
 support of any organization which might require it, including government entities,
 agriculture producers and other businesses, scientific researchers, wildlife conservationists,
 and forestry professionals. The data gathered will be used for early stage disease detection, crop
 inventory and mapping. According to the USDA Economic Research Service, agriculture and
 agriculture-related industries accounted for 4.8% of the U.S. GDP in 2012, totaling $775.8
 billion. The Penguin B UAV Platform will provide safe, efficient, and economical means for
 gathering data which can help improve food production efficiency, yield, and safety, all of
 which are critical to the well-being of the general public.

          2. AGERpoint's Operations Will Decrease Congestion Of The NAS.
          The Penguin B UAV Platform serves as a safe, efficient, and economical alternative
 to the manned aircraft which would otherwise be necessary to gather this data. By reducing

{00052557;10}  24
the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial surveys, an exemption allowing the
use of a Penguin B UAV Platform would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS,
reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air
and on the ground.

         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
Penguin B UAV Platform does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a
reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in a lower
burden on air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing
phases of flight operations.

           3. The Environment Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The
                Penguin B UAV Platform.

           Conducting aerial surveys with the Penguin B UAV Platform instead of manned
aircraft will benefit the public by reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated
during traditional flight operations. By using a small gasoline engine burning around one
gallon per hour, the Penguin B UAV Platform produces substantially less air pollution than
the six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial
surveys, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The
Penguin B UAV Platform, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial surveys, also limits
noise pollution as its small engine is no louder than a lawn mower during the take-off phase,
and during normal operations is about as loud as background conversation in an office or a
restaurant.

           By using the Penguin B UAV Platform to perform aerial surveys, the substantial
risk to life and property in the air and on the ground which is usually associated with

{00052557;10}  25
traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely
eliminated. Weighing in at approximately forty seven (47) pounds at its maximum gross
weight, with a wingspan of 130 inches and a length of 89 inches, and a maximum fuel
capacity of only 7.5 gallons, the Penguin B UAV Platform has less physical potential for
damage to life and property than the manned aircraft that typically conduct aerial surveys,
which weigh approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 40 feet, a length
of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons.

         4. Performing Aerial Survey Operations With The Penguin B UAV
                  Platform Will Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the Penguin B UAV Platform is also an
economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial surveys. As such, operation
of the Penguin B UAV Platform will allow United States based companies, like AGERpoint,
to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the
cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions
phasing out leaded fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative
technology in order to remain competitive.

         UAV technology not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared
to manned aircraft, but also drastically mitigates the high operational cost of a traditional
manned aircraft. By operating the UAV platforms, companies such as AGERpoint can
remain competitive and profitable, providing job stability to employees and contractors,
which increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and
allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both
in the United States and abroad, ultimately contributing to the growth of the national
economy.

{00052557;10}  26
         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Like the manned aerial survey flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, the proposed operation of the Penguin B UAV Platform will not implicate any
privacy issues. By definition, the Penguin B UAV platform will only operate in rural areas,
and only above land where AGERpoint has been contracted by the owner or occupant to
conduct aerial survey operations. Even if carrying photographic, hyperspectral, or other
similar payloads, the UAV will not be operated closer than 500' to any person, vessel,
vehicle or structure without the owner's permission. Precautionary measures to mitigate risk
to people on the property, including temporary relocation of non-essential personnel to a
minimum distance of two times the average AGL operation of the aircraft, will be standard
operating procedure. The aircraft will operate no higher than 400' AGL, except as necessary
to comply with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Unlike manned aerial survey flight
operations, there are no people on board the Penguin B whose observations might impact
privacy, and the LIDAR used to conduct AGERpoint's surveys creates not an image, but a
data set called a "point cloud." With these precautions in place, and lacking any natural or
virtual eyes to see, AGERpoint's operations will have no impact at all upon privacy.

 D. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register

 The Rules From Which AGERpoint Seeks Exemption:

          AGERpoint, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 21.185 and
          Part 21, 45.23(b), 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103, 91.121, 91.119,
          91.203(a) and (b), 405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), and 417(a) and (b).

A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption AGERpoint Seeks:

          This exemption will permit AGERpoint, Inc. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System
          over certain rural agricultural areas, while keeping the documents required by the
          regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible to the pilot in
          command. Furthermore, the exemption will relieve AGERpoint, Inc. from the
          airworthiness certificate standards and the requirement to have a certificate of

{00052557;10}  27
         airworthiness for its Unmanned Aircraft System. This exemption will also permit any
         required markings concerning the operational status of the UAS to be displayed on
         the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft.

                                              CONCLUSION
         AGERpoint seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which will permit safe operation of the
Penguin B UAV Platform commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the special
purpose of aerial agricultural surveillance, collecting data which will be used for early stage
disease detection, crop inventory and mapping. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing
AGERpoint to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the Penguin B UAV Platform
commercially within the NAS.

{00052557;10}  28
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, AGERpoint respectfully requests that
the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
45.23(b), 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103, 91.121, 91.119, 91.203(a) and (b),
405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), and 417(a) and (b), as well as the restricted category
airworthiness certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the
requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued for the Penguin B UAV Platform, as
contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21.

Dated: February 5, 2015

                             Respectfully submitted,
                             The Royse Law Firm

                             /s/ Adam Thorngate-Gottlund

                             Adam Thorngate-Gottlund
                             The Royse Law Firm
                             1717 Embarcadero Road
                             Palo Alto CA 94303
                             Tel: (650) 813-9700
                             Fax: (650) 813-9777
                             Attorney for Petitioner

cc: AGERpoint, Inc.
         Attn: CEO

{00052557;10}            29
               Exhibit A

{00052557;10}  30
                                                   Exhibit B            Page 1 of 1

                            Penguin B UAV Platform Preflight Checklist

Preflight Equipment Checklist:

Ground Control Operator Essentials:
         Logbook
         Flight Log paperwork
         Briefed on mission
         Cloudcap Documentation

Ground Station Equipment:
         Portable (or desktop) Ground Station
         Power Cable
         GPS
         GPS Cable (if using Novatel DGPS antenna)
         External Comms Antenna (350 MHz or 900MHz as applicable)
         Laptop
         Laptop Power
         USB to Serial Adapter
         Serial Cable
         Mouse
         Reference Data (Mission Maps and DTED)
         Ethernet Cable
         External Monitor (optional)
         Headset
         Headset breakout box and power
         Futaba Controller (a.k.a. Flight Control Box, FCB)
         FCB/Headset cable spool
         Appropriate Software Versions for GCO

Aircraft Equipment (ground crew responsibility)
         Airframe
         Batteries
         Fuel
         Payload Equipment
         Piccolo Autopilot
         Launch Aparatus (if applicable)
         Starter
         Glow plugs
         Chargers
         Backup RC Radio (Alpha 60 only)

{00052557;10}  31
Preflight Actions Checklist:                               Page 1 of 3

Portable Ground Control Station:
         Set up GPS Antenna
             o Physically mark location for future setups
             o Inspect and attach GPS cable
         Verify Connections
             o GPS
             o UHF Comm
             o Serial
             o Power
         Turn on Power

GCO Laptop:
         Verify Connections
             o Power
             o Serial
             o Network
             o External Monitor
             o Input devices
         Turn on Power
         Verify Network Connection status
             o IP should be 192.168.1.100
             o Check access to Terrastation NAS Drive
         Execute Piccolo Command Center (PCC) Note Software Version
         _________________________
         Open Ground Station Window: Note GCS Firmware Version
         _________________________
             o If different from PCC, correct (Flash Firmware or exit PCC and execute correct
                  version)
         Verify ground station voltage readings ______________
         Verify Ground Station GPS readings
             o Enable DGPS and begin averaging the Ground station location
         Open Ground Station Window and request radio settings
             o Note Channel/Frequency
         Set Power to .1 Watt
         Verify GS VSWR (350 MHz only) should be less than 2.0 _____________
         Load Map Layers
         Load DTED Layers
         Set Aircraft List to Dynamic

{00052557;10}                 32
Preflight Actions Checklist:                                                      Page 2 of 3

Piccolo Initial Set Up:

Request Piccolo Power On (ground crew)

Verify Piccolo Shows up on list

               o If not attach via programming cable and continue

Set new piccolo to Active

Verify Firmware matches GCS and PCC version numbers __________

Run Validate (Preflight page) and reconcile any issues (especially with
Gains/Limits/AC dimensions)

Check radio settings

               o Note Frequency/channel                 ______________________

               o Verify VSWR (MHX 320 Radio) less than 2.0
                         If not check antenna (

               o Set power to .1 Watt

               o Check RSSI (GS and Piccolo should be approximately equal and close to -50)

Verify Payload operation

At this point the RF Comms should be working, remove programming cable and connect
over RF Link

Verify Aircraft GPS reading

Set Lost Comm Waypoint

               o LC waypoint is 99 on mission limits

Clear out all other waypoints (if necessary)

Create Climb out/recovery box

Conduct rage check (100 yards at .1 Watt)

               o RSSI should be -80 or better

               o Link should be 100

Check system voltage

               o Replace battery if necessary

Request fast telemetry

Confirm with Ground Crew and set new piccolo to Pilot address

               o If flying multiple AC be sure that this is clearly communicated

Run Autopilot Configuration Validation (and after any changes are made to the
controller configuration.

Verify Surface Trims

               o Tethered FCB all trims set to neutral

               o Adjust Surface tables with Shift function to set trims

Give External Pilot go for Surfaces Check with Tethered FCB (and R/C FCB if
applicable)

Verify Correct Surface actuation using Preflight page

               o Ailerons Left/Right

               o Elevator Up/Down

               o Rudder Left/Right

               o Throttle Full/Closed

{00052557;10}                                  33
Preflight Actions Checklist:                                                 Page 3 of 3

Check Euler Angle response (observe on HUD /Map or watch Sensor readings)

               o Command to EP ("Go for Roll Pitch Yaw)
                         (Sensor Readings Positive for Roll Right, Pitch Up and Yaw Right)

               o On Sensor Configuration Page
                         Penguin PSI = 180 Others 0.

Zero Air Data

               o Input Baro Reading from Tower or Handheld unit

               o Input Current Airfield Altitude (from DTED or GPS Reading)

               o Zero air data with pitot sensor cupped

Climb out

Test lost comm. (turn off ground station)

               o Verify Tracking LC waypoint

Confirm all is satisfactory

               o Payload

               o Test Manager

               o Safety observers

Execute Mission

{00052557;10}                                 34
