May 13, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11574
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0352

Mr. Bret Lucas
Agri Tech Systems, LLC
12871 Geneva Street
Indianola, IA 50125

Dear Mr. Lucas:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 4, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Agri Tech Systems, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct research
on the applicability of sUAS for field mapping, prescriptive chemical application mapping,
comprehensive crop analysis, field moisture mapping, collision avoidance, cell tower
inspection, pipeline inspection and power line inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                               2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Pulse Aerospace, PA-01 Vapor.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Agri Tech Systems, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Agri Tech Systems, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Pulse Aerospace,
         PA-01 Vapor when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                                               

February 4, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Federal Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20590

Re: Petition of Agri Tech Systems, LLC. for an Exemption Pursuant to
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
"FMRA"), 49 U.S.C. § 44701 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Agri Tech Systems, LLC ("Agri Tech Systems" or
"Petitioner"), a spin-out of Agri Tech Aviation Inc.("Agri Tech Aviation"), hereby requests an exemption to
permit small unmanned aircraft system ("sUAS") operations as described in this petition. Agri Tech Systems
requests an exemption for the purpose of conducting research on the applicability of sUAS for field mapping,
prescriptive chemical application mapping, comprehensive crop analysis, field moisture mapping, collision
avoidance, cell tower inspection, pipeline inspection and power line inspection.

         sUAS operations will assist the agriculture sector in providing safer, faster and more cost effective
alternatives to manned operations, both ground and air. Agri Tech Systems, requests an exemption,
specifically, to research the application of sUAS in the agriculture industry and to distinguish those benefits
from the current use of manned air and ground operations. Petitioner will investigate benefits for numerous
sUAS applications including, but not limited to, field mapping, prescriptive chemical application mapping,
comprehensive crop analysis, and field moisture mapping. Agri Tech Systems also wishes to partner with cell
Tower, pipeline and power Line inspection companies to develop safe practices for sUAS use in these fields.
This research will allow petitioner to assist regulators in setting standards for safe and effective operations of
sUAS within agriculture and other industries. Petitioner intendeds to share all information learned with the
Department of Transportation ("DOT") and the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").

         The aerial application community has a vested interest in the safe operation of sUAS due to their
existing, high tempo use of manned aircraft at low altitude for aerial application. The risks associated with the
use of sUAS are of paramount concern to aerial applicators and Agri Tech Systems is uniquely positioned to
evaluate these risks. Exploring the use of sUAS for agriculture applications and working with cell tower,
pipeline and power line inspectors who often operate in the same airspace as aerial applicators will be critical
to providing safety feedback to the DOT, FAA and others in the aerial application industry.

         As described in detail below, Petitioner's proposed sUAS operations will follow the requirements set
forth at section 333 of the FMRA. They will also provide invaluable information to the DOT and FAA as they
create rules and policy for public commercial use of sUAS.

         Agri Tech Systems' proposed operations will comply with strict safety standards. Operations will take
place in sparsely inhabited, rural locations or within cell tower, pipeline or power line easements, involve
highly trained, licensed pilots, occur at altitudes under 400 feet, and use a sUAS weighing 35 pounds,

12871 Geneva Street, Indianola, IA 50125      Phone 515.961.4026      info@agritechsystems.com      www.agritechsystems.com 
 
 
complying with FMRA's cut-off weight of 55 pounds. In addition to the uses outlined above, ultimately, the
use of sUAS will reduce the amount of chemicals used in aerial application and enhance and maximize
agriculture operations for farmers, reducing environmental impact. The current use of manned aircraft for
these operations is nearly cost prohibitive and ground based observation can be relatively ineffective. Agri
Tech Systems' proposed operations will not have an impact on any citizen's privacy rights and will be in
compliance with all privacy laws. Therefore, granting Agri Tech Systems' exemption request would be in the
public's interest.
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      2   

 
 
 

                                                             Contents

I. Description of Agri Tech Aviation and Agri Tech Systems, LLC------------------------------------- 4
         A. Agri Tech Aviation, Inc.-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4
         B. Agri Tech Systems, LLC-------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4

II. Relevant Authority for Granting Petitioner's Request for an Exemption --------------------------- 5
         A. Section 333 of the FMRA ----------------------------------------------------------------------- 5
         B. 49 U.S.C. Sections 40109 and 44701----------------------------------------------------------- 5
         C. 14 C.F.R. Part 11---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6

III. Agri Tech Systems' Proposed Operations-------------------------------------------------------------- 6
         A. Proposed sUAS Platform------------------------------------------------------------------------- 6
         B. Aircraft design and operational characteristics ----------------------------------------------- 7
         C. Aircraft inspection and maintenance------------------------------------------------------------ 8
         D. Pilot and spotter qualifications------------------------------------------------------------------ 8
         E. Scope of Operations------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8
                  1. Area of operation------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8
                  2. Flight Planning and briefing----------------------------------------------------------- 9
                  3. Communications (PIC and Spotter)--------------------------------------------------- 9
                  4. Communication and coordination with ATC---------------------------------------- 9
                  5. Flight limits------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 9
                  6. Lost Link contingencies----------------------------------------------------------------- 10
                  7. Emergency flight termination procedures-------------------------------------------- 10
         F. Incident and Accident Reporting--------------------------------------------------------------- 10

IV. Regulations from which Exemption is requested------------------------------------------------------ 10
V. Agri Tech Systems' Proposed Operations are in the Public Interest--------------------------------- 15
VI. Privacy------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 16
VII. Summary---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 16
VIII. Request for Relief ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 16

      3   

 
 
 

I. Description of Agri Tech Aviation and Agri Tech Systems, LLC

         A. Agri Tech Aviation Inc.

         Agri Tech Aviation is a leading U.S. agriculture aerial applicator in the Midwest. Established in 1947
         as Laverty Sprayers, with the first application flight in Iowa by Weston Sharp. Today Agri Tech
         Aviation is owned by his son Terry Sharp and grandsons Jay and Weston. With years of experience
         and an impeccable safety record, Agri Tech Aviation has been recognized as a prominent force in the
         aerial application industry. The company has received numerous awards including: The Agrinaut
         Award (national award for outstanding contributions to the agriculture aviation industry) presented to
         Terry Sharp (owner), The John Robert Horne Award (national award for safest pilot with less than 5
         years experience) presented to Van Lucas (Chief Pilot), and the Pro Patria Award (presented to 1 small
         business per year for supporting guard and reserve employees). Agri Tech Aviation records over 1500
         hours of aerial application each year with no incidents or accidents.

         B. Agri Tech Systems, LLC

         Agri Tech Systems was created as a spin-out company for purposes of research and development of
         sUAS systems for agricultural use. The principal members in Agri Tech Aviation, through Agri Tech
         Systems, will use their knowledge and experience in the field of aerial application to develop the use
         of sUAS systems to enhance the safe integration of sUAS in the low altitude airspace. Agri Tech
         Systems will demonstrate applicability of the sUAS to the application and agronomy industries for
         potential spot treatments of pesticides, GPS mapping, field maintenance and problem detection. Agri
         Tech will also evaluate the use of sUAS in cell tower. pipeline and power line inspection within, what
         is often, shared airspace. While accomplishing these tasks, Agri Tech Systems intends to test and
         evaluate collision avoidance systems on the sUAS while agricultural airplanes are in the vicinity.
         Thereby creating a safer work environment for aerial application pilots who are most at risk to sUAS
         operating in rural agricultural areas.

         The Petitioner's name and contact information is:

         Agri Tech Systems, LLC
         Attn: Bret Lucas
         12871 Geneva Street
         Indianola, IA 50125
         Telephone: 515-961-4026
         Email: bret@agritechsystems.com

      4   

 
 
 
II. Statutory and Regulatory Authority for Granting Petitioner's Request for an

         Exemption

         A. Section 333 of the FMRA

         Section 333 of the FMRA provides:

                  The Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
                  operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking
                  required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.2

         Section 333 also states:

                  If the Secretary determines under this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may
                  operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the
                  safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system (NAS).

                  The Secretary is required to determine whether certain sUAS operations should be permitted
         before issuance of the sUAS regulations required under section 332 of the FMRA. If the Secretary
         determines that the operations are safe, the Secretary must decide what the requirements will be for
         such operations. In other words, the Secretary is required to apply conditions for the safe operation of
         the sUAS in instances where the Secretary has determined that the system may operate safely in the
         NAS. The FAA has interpreted section 333, as a grant of limited statutory flexibility to expedite
         requirements for the safe operation of certain aircraft systems in the NAS.

                  Section 333 further states that when the Secretary of Transportation makes a determination
         under subsection (a), the Secretary must consider which types of sUAS would not create a hazard to
         others using the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security. The Secretary is required to
         consider the following sUAS specifications and operational factors:

               Size
               Weight
               Speed
               Operational capability
               Proximity to airports and populated areas
               Operation with visual line of sight

                  If, upon consideration of the factors enumerated above, the proposed sUAS operations do not
         pose a threat to others using the NAS or to national security, the Secretary, acting through the FAA,
         may approve the proposed operations. As shown below, Agri Tech Systems' proposed sUAS
         operations will in no way create a hazard to the NAS or pose a threat to national security based on the
         factors set forth in section 333.

         B. 49 U.S.C. Sections 40109 and 44701

                  Section 44701 requires the FAA Administrator to promote safe flight of civil aircraft by
         prescribing standards for aircraft and aircraft parts, inspecting, servicing and overhauling aircraft,

      5   

 
 
 

         maximum hours for airmen, and other practices or procedures necessary for safety and national
         security. However, subsection (f) states that the FAA Administrator "may grant an exemption from a
         requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections
         44702-44716 of this title, if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest." In
         addition, Section 40109 authorizes the Administrator to "grant an exemption from a [safety] regulation
         prescribed in carrying out sections 40103(b)(l) and (2), 40119, 44901, 44903, 44906, and 44935-44937
         of [49 U.S.C.] when the Administrator decides the exemption is in the public interest." Consequently,
         under the plain language of pertinent U.S. aviation law, the Administrator is expressly authorized to
         grant exemptions from the F AA's safety regulations where it would be in the public interest. As set
         forth in further detail below, granting Agri Tech Systems' petition for an exemption would be in the
         public interest.

         C. 14 C.F.R. Part 11

                  The FAA's regulations state that, using a petition for exemption, an entity may ask FAA to
         grant it relief from current regulations in title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 14 C.F .R. Part 11
         provides the bases for requesting exemptions. The petitioner is required to state (1) the specific
         sections of Title 14 from which it seeks an exemption, (2) the extent of relief it seeks and (3) the
         reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest and would not adversely affect safety
         (or how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
         which the petition seeks an exemption). As set forth below, Petitioner has fulfilled each of these
         criteria by demonstrating that granting its exemption will serve the public interest and not adversely
         affect safety.

III. Agri Tech Systems' Proposed Operations

         A. Proposed sUAS Platform

                  Agri Tech Systems seeks an exemption permitting operations of a Pulse Aerospace, PA-01
         Vapor sSUAS rotorcraft that weighs 35 pounds, including its imaging/mapping payload.

Geometry &   Main Rotor Diameter    65 in
Weights
             Dimensions             51 x 25 x 19.4 in
Performance  MaximumTakeoff Weight  35 lbs
             Empty Weight           16 lbs
      6      Payload Weight         5 lbs
             Data Link              2.4 GHz & 900 MHz
 
             Endurance (Hover)      45 Minutes
             Endurance (Cruise)     60 Minutes
             Operational Radius     5 Miles
             Cruise Speed           25 mph
             Ceiling                15,000 ft
             Take Off Type          Automatic Vertical
                                    Take Off
             Landing Type           Automatic Vertical
                                    Landing
 
 

                  The Pulse Aerospace VAPOR has a proven track record of safety built on 4 years of operations
         and thousands of flight hours, operating in temperatures from 0-110F, at altitudes from seal level
         through 9,000 feet. The reliability and safety of the VAPOR UAS is founded upon the flight control
         system, which has been utilized for more than a decade on hundreds of various platforms, rotary and
         fixed wing aircraft, ranging from 5 to 1,200 lbs. Pulse has continued to improve the safety and
         reliability of the system by integrating industry leading safety features that have improved the
         robustness and reliability of the system. These include:

               emergency automatic autorotation (during powertrain failure or battery depletion),
               automatic RPM setting for various altitudes (currently demonstrated up to 12,000 ft AMSL)
               automatic sensor fault detection
               Automatic magnetic declination setting
               automatic engagement of GPS denied failsafe control system,
               automatic smart return to home (smarter way to return to home waypoint, given obstacles in

                  path)
               redundant GPS+Glonass for robust satellite communication
               wide stance landing gear to mitigate dynamic rollover possibilities
               ease of use (high level of flight control and tasking automation)

                  The Vapor utilizes, aviation certified inertial sensors, professional, survey grade
         GPS/GLONASS and redundant flight control systems. Additionally, the Vapor is programmed with
         robust safety features including automatic autorotation and "auto-home" functions.

                  The Vapor utilizes a special algorithm which allows it to slow down as it enters turns and
         dramatically reduces the amount of over-flight required compared to fixed wing mapping, and other
         mapping platforms. This leads to a much smaller footprint to map a given area than other available
         platforms. This has the following benefits:

               More efficient flights - more area in less time
               The ability to fully cover a property without encroaching on neighboring properties
               It is easier to keep the aircraft within visual line of sight of the operator while covering a large

                  mapping area

                  Finally, the control system for the Vapor allows the pilot in command to enter the parameters
         for each flight prior to takeoff, and simulate each flight prior to launch. This provides the pilot an
         additional layer of safety not normally available with manned flight.

                  The Vapor is substantially automated and constantly communicates flight status with the pilot
         in command throughout the duration of flight. This automation and the rigorous preflight planning
         and inspection ensure the safest possible conditions for each flight.

                  Additional, detailed information on the Vapor is included in Attachment "A" and it is
         requested that "Attachment A" be treated as a confidential proprietary document.

         B. Aircraft Design and operational characteristics

         All Vapor design features are included in Attachment "A" and should remain confidential.

      7   

 
 
 

         Operational characteristics are outlined above and additional, specific characteristics are outlined in
"Attachment A"

C. Aircraft inspection and maintenance

    Aircraft inspection and maintenance are outlined in Attachment "A" and include general cleaning
and maintenance. Additional information is included for more robust maintenance to be performed
after every 10 hours of flight time. A maintenance log will be kept with the aircraft at all times.

D. Pilot and spotter qualification

    The pilot in command of the Pulse Aerospace Vapor will be a licensed FAA pilot with a minimum
rating of Private Pilot and current Third Class medical certificate. Both the pilot and spotter will
complete the Pulse Aerospace training program for operation and maintenance of the Vapor.
Recurrent training will be accomplished by performing a minimum of 3 takeoffs and landings every 90
days as well as reviewing any supplemental information provided by the manufacturer.

    The pilot and spotter will be familiar with all applicable FAR's and sUAS operation. The
following pilots will be trained in, and operate the Vapor should the exemption be granted:

Name             Rating             FAA Certificate Number

Terry Sharp-     Commercial, CFII   2209453CFI
Jay Sharp-       Commercial         3220260
Mark Kickbush -  Commercial         349649759
Van Lucas-       Commercial, A&P    2746079
Weston Sharp-    Private Pilot      3540161
Bret Lucas-      Private Pilot      2863760

    All mapping and inspection payloads are tied into the automatic flight control system to enable
automatic camera triggering to achieve desired image overlaps and provide precision georeference
metadata for each image taken. The metadata includes GPS position, attitude angles, and a time-stamp.
This automation eliminates the need for a third operator of the Vapor as the pilot can focus solely on
aircraft operation and the spotter can observe the Vapor and scan for other aircraft.

E. Scope of operations

1. Area of operation

    The area of operation will be rural Central Iowa over uninhabited areas of farmland. Express
permission from the land owner or tenant farmer will be obtained prior to any operation.
Operation will be limited to the following additional restrictions:

            a. All flights will be operated below 400ft AGL in Class G airspace.
            b. All flights will be operated during daytime VFR conditions.

      8   

 
 
 

                   c. All flights will be operated at least 3 miles from any public airport unless the following
                       conditions are met:
                             1. The airport manager approves flight within 3 miles of the airport
                             2. A NOTAM is issued for that airport
                             3. Two-way VHF communication over UNICOM can be maintained from the ground
                                 station to all manned aircraft so equipped

                   d. A NOTAM will be filed for operations providing the date, time and location
                       of all sUAS activity.

                   e. The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas.
                   f. The aircraft will not be operated over any person, group of people or at air shows. (All

                      operations will be done consistent with the 14 C.F.R section 137 certificate held by Agri
                      Tech Aviation)
                   g. The aircraft will be operated within visual line of sight of both the pilot and spotter at a
                       distance no greater than ½ nautical mile.
                   h. The aircraft will not be operated over any heavily trafficked road or highway.
                   i. The maximum flight time will be 50 minutes or when battery power reaches 10%,
                       whichever is shorter.
                   j. All flights will yield right of way to all manned aircraft operations.

              2. Flight Planning and Briefing

                  A flight plan will be established for each area to be over flown by the sUAS. The flight plan
              will be used to determine the safest routes of flight, flight boundaries and identify any potential
              obstacles. Additionally, the PIC will get a current weather report and determine if any potential
              hazards exist for each planned flight. A safety briefing will be held prior to each flight to identify
              potential landing areas in the event of emergency and to discuss lost link procedures for the given
              location.

              3. Communications (PIC and Spotter)

                   The pilot and spotter will always maintain voice communication with one another but with the
              ability to communicate by radio in the event of an emergency which does not permit voice
              communication.

              4. Communication and Coordination with ATC

                   As stated above, a NOTAM will be filed for operations providing the date, time and location
              of all sUAS activity.

              5. Flight limits

                   a. The sUAS will be operated at speeds under 30 knots.
                   b. The sUAS will not be operated in winds exceeding 25 knots, consistent with the

                       manufacturer's recommendation.
                   c. All flights will be operated below 400ft AGL in Class G airspace.
                   d. All flights will be operated during daytime VFR conditions.

      9   

 
 
 

                   e. The aircraft will be operated within visual line of sight of both the pilot and spotter at a
                       distance no greater than ½ nautical mile.

              6. Lost Link contingencies
                  Should "Lost Link" occur, the Vapor will wait for a user defined timeout period (usually 10

              sec). The Vapor will then return to HOME waypoint and land. Home waypoint is at takeoff
              location.

              7. Emergency flight termination procedures

                  Depending on the flying location, possible actions are dead reckoning navigation recovery,
              engine shutdown/autorotation or controlled crash. A detailed list of potential emergency situations
              and the recommended procedures for each are included in Attachment "A".

         F. Incident and Accident Reporting

                  Any incident or accident will be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
              consistent with the provisions outlined in the Aeronautical Information Manual (AIM) 7-6-2.

IV. Regulations from which exemption is requested

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the below-provisions governing aircraft operations within Title
14 of the Code of Federal Regulations in order to conduct research on the applicability of sUAS to research on
the applicability of sUAS for agricultural field mapping, prescriptive chemical application mapping,
comprehensive crop analysis, and field moisture mapping. Exemptions are requested from provisions within
Parts 21, 45, 47, 49, 61 and 91 of Title 14. Petitioner addresses each relevant regulation below and provides a
basis for requesting an exemption. Petitioner also provides the basis for achieving a level of safety that is
either equal to, or greater than, the level of safety provided by the regulation from which an exemption is
requested. Agri Tech Systems meets the requirements at Part 11 for exemptions, and, as set forth at section V,
below, granting these exemptions are in the public interest as required under 49 U.S.C. section 44701(f).

14 C.F.R. Part 21 (Aircraft Certification).

         14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H sets forth requirements for airworthiness certificates as required by 14
C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(l). As explained above at section III (A) and (B), the Vapor's airworthiness has been
proven. Further, given the size of the aircraft, low speed for operation, sparsely populated areas of operation,
and the operation restrictions outlined above in section III (E), an exemption from Subpart H meets the
equivalent level of safety under section 333 of the FMRA and 14 C.F.R. Part 11. The operations proposed in
this petition will be as safe as, or safer than operations involving manned aircraft or rotorcraft operating with
an airworthiness certificate and without the restrictions that Petitioner has proposed in this petition.

14 C.F.R. Part 45, subpart C and 14 C.F.R. 91.9 (Aircraft Marking).

Section 45.23 provides:

     10   

 
 
 

         (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the Roman capital
         letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number of the aircraft.
         Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter.

         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
         limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
         the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
         in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high the words "limited" "restricted" "light-
         sport" "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 91.9(c) provides

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in accordance
         with part 45 of this chapter.

         The Vapor has no cabin, cockpit or pilot station, and, therefore, no entrance to any of these areas, on
which the markings can be placed. Given the size of the Vapor, two-inch lettering will be impossible.

         The Vapor Agri Tech Systems operates will be marked with the word "Experimental" on the sides of
the front covering in letters as large as the covering will allow. Additionally, the Vapor will be marked with a
serial number provided by the manufacturer and will also be marked with the words "Agri Tech Systems".
Agri Tech Systems will abide by any request by the FAA concerning this issue, within the limitations created
by the size of the Vapor, in accordance with section 45.29(f). Due to the size of sUAS, the smaller size of
lettering will not negatively impact safety, and will provide an equivalent level of safety to aircraft operating
without an exemption.

14 C.F.R. Part 47 (Aircraft Registration) and Part 49 (Recordation of Aircraft Title and
Security Documents).

         14 C.F.R. Part 47 sets forth various aircraft registration requirements. Specifically, section 47.3(b)
states that no person may operate an aircraft eligible for registration unless the aircraft has been registered by
its owner. 14 C.F .R. Part 49 requires recordation of any conveyances affecting title to, or interest in, aircraft.
Petitioner intends to register the Vapor sUAS pursuant to this section, however, in the event registration is
denied for some unforeseen reason, petitioner seeks an exemption from the registration requirements outlined
in Part 47. Additionally, petitioner intends to record its interest in the Vapor sUAS consistent with Part 49 of
this section. Again, in the event registration is denied for some unforeseen reason, petitioner seeks an
exemption from the recording requirements outlined in Part 49.

         Whether the Vapor is able to be registered and the title recorded, or not, an equivalent level of safety
can be achieved as that of a registered aircraft .

14 C.F.R. § 61.3(d) (Requirement of Certificate for Flight Instruction).

         This regulation requires that only those holding a flight instructor certificate issued under the FAA's
regulations can give training required to qualify a person for solo flights.

         As no rating currently exists for the operation of sUAS, petitioner requests exemption from this
requirement. All listed operators in this request for exemption hold, at minimum, a private pilot certificate and
have each received mandated flight instruction for their respective ratings. Pulse Aerospace will provide all

     11   

 
 
 
operators with a rigorous 3 day training on the operation of the Vapor sUAS by qualified Vapor operators.
This instruction, coupled with the operators existing aeronautical knowledge consistent with their rating, will
grant them the necessary knowledge for safe operation of the Vapor sUAS.

         The substantial degree of automation built into the Vapor's flight system and the ratings and training
of the operators are equivalent to the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 61.3(d) and will provide the same level of
safety.

14 C.F.R. § 61.31(d)(2) (Aircraft category, class, and type ratings).

         This provision requires the pilot in command of an aircraft to possess an appropriate category and class
rating for the aircraft he or she operates. As stated above, no rating currently exists for the operation of sUAS,
and substantial training will be given to the pilots operating the Vapor in addition to the ratings currently held
by the pilots.

          Because existing category and class limitations do not apply to sUAS operations, and the pilots will
be highly trained in Vapor operation, exempting the Vapor pilots from the category and class requirement at
section 61 .31 ( d)(2) will provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) (Private Pilot Restrictions on Compensation).

         Section 61.113(a) and (b) prohibit private pilots from operating an aircraft for compensation or hire.
Generally, a person must possess a Commercial pilot certificate, which requires a minimum of 250 hours as
well as additional FAA testing. Although all but two of the anticipated pilots currently possess a commercial
rating, this requirement is unnecessary to operate the Vapor as proposed. The proposed operational
restrictions outlined in section III (E) above, in conjunction with the Vapor-specific training that each sUAS
pilot receives, will achieve more than an equivalent level of safety to manned operations with a Commercial
rating. Because the Vapor does not carry a pilot, passengers, or cargo, and is controlled via remote station,
there is no risk to persons or cargo as anticipated by a Commercial rating. Commercial pilot certification is
also unnecessary because of the autonomous characteristics of the Vapor outlined above and in Attachment
"A", as well as the limited locations of proposed operations.

         Operations under the proposed restrictions outlined above, the Vapor's integrated safety features, and
the experience of the proposed pilots, an equivalent level of safety will be attained by allowing operation of
the Vapor with a private pilot's certificate.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) (Airworthiness Requirement).

         This regulation states that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
The airworthiness of Pulse Aerospace's Vapor has been established in section III, above and in Attachment
"A". The vapor has a proven track record of safe flight. This record, coupled with the limited operations over
nearly uninhabited farmland or utility easements will provide an equivalent level of safety.

     12   

 
 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) (Flight Manual on Aircraft).

         This regulation provides:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft

                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21 .5 of
                  this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or
                  Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
                  combination thereof.

         The nature of sUAS operation dictates the pilot in command, and spotter, operate the sUAS from a
position on the ground. Due to these different operating conditions, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by keeping the flight manual for the Vapor at the ground control station, and exemption from this
regulation is requested.

14 C.F.R. § 91.105 (Crewmembers at Stations; Seatbelts).

         Section 91.105 requires flight crew members to be at their stations with seatbelts fastened during
landing and takeoff. The proposed operations do not involve flight crew members aboard the aircraft. An
exemption from this provision is appropriate under the conditions proposed in this petition.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109 (Flight Instruction).

         This regulation provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that
is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

         The Vapor is a remotely piloted and semi autonomous aircraft, and, by design, does not have dual
controls. Flight is controlled via ground station controller and the flight profile which is uploaded to the Vapor
prior to flight. In the event of emergency, the Vapor can be controlled by remote control and said controller
can easily be handed to the Vapor instructor should that become necessary. This will provide an equivalent
level of safety to section 91.109 requiring dual controls.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 (Minimum Safe Altitudes).

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically,
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

         As stated above, the Vapor, under the proposed waiver, will not operate higher than 400 feet AGL, and
flights will occur within areas of farmland (consistent with Part 137) or cell tower, pipeline and power line
easements. No flights will be conducted near persons, vehicles or vessels, and flights will be away from
congested or populated areas. Aerial mapping, crop inspection work and utility inspection, however, is unique,
and must be done at altitudes below 500 feet AGL and within 500 feet of structures, necessitating an
exemption from Section 91.119.

         The operation restrictions outlined above in section III(E) coupled with the pilot's existing familiarity
with 14 C.F.R. §137 will provide an equivalent level of safety.

     13   

 
 
 

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 (Altimeter Settings).

         14 C.F .R. § 91.121 requires persons operating aircraft to maintain certain cruising altitudes or flight
levels by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." The Vapor operates with relative altitudes. Zero altitude is where
the GPS becomes valid at a pre-defined PDOP (Position Dilution of Precision) accuracy value. The Vapor
computes the reference altitude always with respect to the START waypoint:

         Reference altitude waypoint X = altitude waypoint X ­ altitude START waypoint

         Petitioner requests an exemption to this provision as the level of altitude accuracy provided by the
Vapor system will achieve an equivalent level of safety to the use of an altimeter.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (Fuel Requirements).

         This regulation states "No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes."

         The Vapor batteries provide approximately 60 minutes of powered flight, and battery power is
communicated "real time" to the ground station. An exemption from 14 C.F .R. §91.151 is necessary to allow
flights greater than 40 minutes in length. A reduction to 10 minutes or 10% battery power is requested.

         With the restrictions proposed above in Section III(E), specifically, the ½ Nautical Mile operating
range, 10 minutes of reserve battery power will provide an equivalent level of safety as that contemplated by
§14 C.F .R. 91.151.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b) (Display of Certificates).

         Sections 91.203(a) and (b) requires all civil aircraft to have within them an appropriate and current
airworthiness certificate and an effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner, which are displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. By design, the Vapor does not have a
cockpit or cabin. The size of the Vapor would not permit carrying these documents. Should the exemption to
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) (Airworthiness Requirement) above, be granted, the display of an airworthiness certificate
would become moot.

         Additionally, an exemption to 14 C.F.R. Part 47 (Aircraft Registration) and Part 49 (Recordation of
Aircraft Title and Security Documents) is requested above. Agri Tech Systems intends to register the Vapor
and, if successful, will keep the aircraft registration with the ground control station. However, if registration is
not possible, and an exemption approved, compliance with Sections 91.203(a) and (b) would not be necessary
and would provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (Maintenance Required); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l) (Operation after Maintenance).

         14 C.F.R. § 91.405 states "Each owner or operator of an aircraft- Shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c)
of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in 14 C.F.R. part 43 of this chapter.

     14   

 
 
 

         Maintenance will be performed consistent with the flight manual in Attachment "A" and be performed
or supervised by an Airframe and Power Plant Mechanic (A&P). While the flight control systems and
programming of the Vapor are quite complex, the mechanical parts of the aircraft are relatively simple. Prior
to each flight, the Vapor will be visually inspected for wear or broken parts. The Vapor is then powered up
and the Vapor performs dozens of software/firmware "self checks" to ensure all systems are functioning
properly.

         Should the Vapor fail either the preflight inspection or the self checks, the flight will be aborted until
mechanical parts can be replaced or the Vapor can be returned to Pulse Aerospace for software/firmware
repairs.

         14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l) prohibits operation of any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--It has been approved for return to service by a person
authorized under § 43.7 of this chapter.

         At the conclusion of any maintenance or repair, the Vapor will again be inspected by an A&P
mechanic and the system will perform the self checks to ensure safe flight.

         The combination of pilot inspection and the Vapor self checks will provide an equivalent level of
safety to the maintenance requirements in 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 and 91.407(a)(l) and exemption is requested.

14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2) (Inspections).

         This section states, in pertinent part, "no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12
calendar months, it has had-- An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

         The Vapor will be routinely inspected by a licensed A&P mechanic and will be thoroughly inspected
prior to each flight. Additionally, the Vapor will perform diagnostic self checks prior to each flight and this
combination of inspections will provide an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2).

14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) and (b) (Maintenance Records).

         Section 91.417 outlines a number of requirements for maintenance records for aircraft. Agri Tech
Systems will maintain records of maintenance performed as well as a log of any faults recorded during any
Vapor self checks, and subsequent repairs performed. However, compliance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) and
(b), as written, would not be possible, and exemption from this section is requested.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved through the inspection and maintenance outlined above
and by the records of repair that will be kept as outlined in this section.

V. Agri Tech Systems' Proposed Operations are in the Public Interest

         Agri Tech Systems' proposed sUAS operations will limit the use of sUAS to relatively small tracts of
land used for agricultural purposes, and within easements surrounding cell towers, pipelines and power lines.
There will be no over-flight of any areas not designated for inspection and mapping as would occur with
airport based operations.

     15   

 
 
 

         The Vapor carries no fuel, is small in size, quiet, and carries a number of redundant safety features.
The proposed operations outlined in this petition will provide a greater level of safety than similar operations
performed in manned aircraft. Ultimately, the use of sUAS as proposed will provide invaluable data to
farmers to tailor the use of chemicals on their crops through the use of prescriptive chemical application maps.
This data will reduce costs for farmers and consumers, and minimize environmental impact through the
reduced use of agriculture chemicals. Additionally, sUAS use for cell tower, pipeline and power line
inspection will reduce noise and pollution and provide an additional level of safety not currently available with
manned operations. It is also in the public interest to research aircraft de-confliction and the operations
proposed in this petition are best suited for this research due to the shared airspace utilized by aerial
applicators and utility inspectors.

         As stated above, petitioner intendeds to share all information learned with the Department of
Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration to assist in developing comprehensive rules and
regulations for UAS operations. This will enhance safety for, not only, aerial applicators and other pilots, but
the public as a whole.

VI. Privacy

         The operations outlined in this petition will not raise any privacy concerns. Operations will be
conducted over nearly uninhabited areas of farmland and within cell tower, pipeline and power line easements.
There will be no over-flight over any known person or group of people and the data collected will be used
solely for the purpose of enhancing farming operations and utility inspection. No data collected will be made
public.

VII. Summary

         For the reasons outlined above, petitioner has demonstrated it is equipped and committed to safe
operation of sUAS under the restrictive conditions set forth herein. Agri Tech Systems's use of the Vapor
under the restrictive conditions proposed will provide an equivalent level of safety and will not implicate any
privacy or National Security concerns. The anticipated benefits of sUAS operations are in the public interest
and the exemptions requested should be granted.

IX. Request for Relief

         Based on the information provided in this petition, Agri Tech Systems requests exemption from the
C.F.R's outlined above, and any other exemptions the Secretary deems appropriate, for sUAS operation
consistent with the terms proposed.

                                                                  Respectfully,

            Bret Lucas
            Agri Tech Systems, LLC

Attachment
 

     16   

 
