May 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11645
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0699

Messrs. Eric Mills and Frederick Remington
Managing Partners
Aileron LLC, dba Skyform
3333 East Bayaud Avenue, #916
Denver, CO 80209

Dear Messrs. Mills and Remington:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Aileron LLC, dba Skyform (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imagery and filming in the motion picture, video, photography, and television
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S900.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Aileron LLC, dba Skyform is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Aileron LLC, dba Skyform is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S900 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
By letter dated March 16, 2015, Mr. Eric Mills and Frederick Remington, Managing 
Partners, Aileron LLC, dba Skyform, 3333 E.Bayaud Ave. #916, Denver, Colorado 
80209, hereby ask the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption from part 
21 subpart H (§§ 21.171­ 21.199) and §§ 45.23(b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103, 91.109, 
91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), and Subpart E (91.401­91.417) of Title 
14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption would allow Aileron, LLC, 
dba Skyform, to operate the DJI S900 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) (hereinafter 
referred to as the S900) for the purpose of aerial filming in the motion picture, video, 
photography, and television industries as well as providing highresolution aerial 
imagery for agricultural, construction and petroleum industries.  
 
Skyform requests relief from the following regulations: 

                                                        

Part 21, subpart H (§§ 21.17121.199), prescribes in pertinent part, the procedural 
requirements for issuing and changing design approvals, production approvals, 
airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals. 

 

 
Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" 
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted, or lightsport category 
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also 
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters 
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," 
"lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. 

                                                        

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an 
airworthy condition. 

                                                        

Section 91.9(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a 
U.S.registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved 
Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and 
placards, or any combination thereof. 

                                                        

Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before 
beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight, to 
include-- 

                                                        

         (a)  For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather 
         reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned 
         flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in 
         command has been advised by ATC 

                                                                               

         (b)  For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following 
takeoff and landing distance information: 

                                                                                          
                                                                                                                

                  (1)  For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight 
                  Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the 
                  takeoff and landing distance data contained therein and 

                                                                                                                

                  (2)  For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this 
                  section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to 
                  aircraft performance under expected values of airport elevation and 
                  runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature. 

                                                                                                                

Section 91.109 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft 
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that 
aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. 

                                                        

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person 
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: 

                                                        

        (a)  Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing 
without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. 

                                                                               

        (b)  Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or 
         settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet 
         above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. 

                                                                               

        (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, 
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may 
not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. 

                                                        

(d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weightshiftcontrol aircraft. If the operation is 
conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface-- 

                                                        
                                                                               

                       

         (1)  A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in 
         paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter 
   complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the 

   FAA and 

                                        

                                        

            

   (2)  A powered parachute or weightshiftcontrol aircraft may be operated at less 

   than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section. 

                                        

                                   

Section 91.121 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each person operating an aircraft shall 

maintain the cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set when operating 

below 18,000 feet mean sea level (MSL) to the elevation of the departure airport or an 

appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. 

                                  

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under 

visual flight rules (VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather 

conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming 

normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes 

[emphasis added]. 

                                  

Section 91.203(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil 

aircraft unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate 

and (2) an effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation 

within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as 

provided for in § 47.31(c). 

                                  

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil 

aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under 

§ 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers 

or crew. 

                                  

Part 91, Subpart E (§§ 91.40191.417), prescribes, in pertinent part, rules governing the 

maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alterations of U.S.registered civil aircraft 

operating within or outside of the United States.  

                               

                                     

                     

 

 

 

 
Skyform supports its request with the following information:  
                                     

   1) Skyform Standard Operating Procedures Manual (SOPM) 

   2) S900 flight planning document 

   3) S900 user manual 

 

 

                                                                 

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) 

                               

Skyform plans to operate a UAS, the DJI S900, which is manufactured by DJI 

Technologies, Hong Kong, China, and includes a lightweight batterypowered/operated 

aircraft, ground control station, and associated data link equipment. The S900 airframe 

is constructed of carbon fiber and weighs 4.7 lbs., with a wingspan of 50 inches. The 

S900 is powered by one lithium polymer battery that drives a total of twelve propellers. It 

is ground launched, has a maximum flight time of 18 minutes, and operates at a cruising 

speed of up to 30 mph. The ground control station consists of 2 Spektrum DX9 remotes 

and a DJI Lightbridge which has a maximum data link range of 3 nautical miles (NM). If 

the S900 loses link with the ground control station or detects a low battery state at any 

time it will initiate a returntohome sequence. 

                               

Regarding airworthiness certification, Skyform requests an exemption from part 21, 

subpart H, Airworthiness Certificates, (§§ 21.17121.199). The operator states that an 

equal level of safety will be achieved with the operational limitations described in the 

petition. Specifically, all flights will occur within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and 

visual observer (VO), at an altitude of 400 feet above ground level (AGL) or less.  As a 

result of the operating limits proposed, combined with the S900's lightweight airframe 

and very high pilot requirements, Skyform states that the S900 can safely operate 

without creating a hazard to other aircraft or to persons or structures on the ground. 

                               

Regarding aircraft markings, we request an exemption from § 45.23(b) because the 

S900 is unmanned and therefore does not have an entrance on which the required 

markings could be displayed. Skyform proposes to achieve an equivalent level of safety 

by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the largest lettering possible on the top of 

the aircraft.  Because the S900 would always be within VLOS of the PIC (positioned at 

the ground station) and would be flown at 400 feet AGL or lower, the markings on the 

airframe and the flag at the ground station would allow parties to be visually informed of 

the UAS's operating status. 

                               
Regarding civil aircraft certification required under § 91.7(a), Skyform notes that it is 
already seeking exemption from airworthiness certification and, thus, that no FAA 
standard will exist for determining airworthiness. We will achieve an equal level of safety 
by following the preflight protocol for each flight, safety checks, and comprehensive 
maintenance procedures prescribed in the operating documents. 

                                              
Regarding keeping an approved civil aircraft flight manual aboard the UAS, Skyform 
states it may need an exemption from § 91.9(b), because the aircraft is too small to 
carry documentation and that documentation would not be available to the crew. We will 
obtain an equivalent level of safety by mandating that current operating documents be 
available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft is in flight or preparing for 
flight. 
 
Regarding the requirements in § 91.109 for fully functioning dual flight controls aboard 
the aircraft, Skyform notes the S900 ground control station is computerbased while it 
does not offer a second set of "controls," both the student and instructor can and will 
operate the single set of controls, which could be passed back and forth between the 
student and instructor.   

                                              
Regarding the requirement in § 91.203 that all civil aircraft have "an appropriate and 
current airworthiness certificate" that must be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance 
so that it is legible to passengers or crew[,]" Skyform is already seeking an exemption 
from airworthiness certification requirements and therefore requires an exemption from 
this regulation as well. Moreover, due to its size and design, the S900 has no cabin or 
cockpit and therefore no ability to affix or carry certificate or registration documents. An 
equivalent level of safety can be attained by keeping any FAArequired documents at 
the ground control station and by affixing a small placard to the S900 airframe with 
manufacture, registration, and contact information. 

                                              
We request an exemption from the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and 
alterations requirements in part 91, Subpart E (§§ 91.401 through 91.417). Skyform 
proposes that the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the aircraft according to 
the operating documents, which are supplemental, proprietary operations and 
maintenance procedures submitted to the FAA under separate cover to its petition. 
Skyform proposes that the PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition 
prior to flight and approve its return to service. Additional maintenance will be performed 
by the manufacturer or fully certified repair stations. Alll maintenance performed on the 
S900 by the PIC and manufacturer is documented in accordance with 91.407 (a) (1)." 
Further, Skyform states, the records will include `a description of the work performed 
and the date of completion of the work performed and the signature of the person 
approving the aircraft for return to service.  The PIC will authorize the S900 for return to 
service for all maintenance covered in the S900 Operations Manual and Maintenance 
Manual and the manufacturer will authorize the S900 for return to service for all 
maintenance that is outside the scope of these two documents. 

                                              
UAS Pilot in Command (PIC) 

                                              
Skyform will operate over designated areas with both a PIC, and a groundbased Safety 
Observer. The Safety Observer will be located next to the PIC and will ensure the 
aircraft remains within VLOS of the PIC and Safety Observer.  All S900 operations will 
be conducted by Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) certified pilots, holding a first class 
medical, and who have completed the training in accordance with the operating 
documents. By only utilizing licensed ATP pilots as pilot in command, the proposed 
operations will not adversely affect safety because of the confined and controlled area 
of operations. The PIC will have additional qualifications and training prior to operations 
conducted under this exemption. Additionally, anytime the PIC or Safety Observer spots 
a potential hazard, such as a manned aircraft within close proximity to the designated 
flight area, the PIC will immediately land the S900 and operations will only resume after 
the hazard is clear of the area. 

                                              
UAS Operating Parameters 

                                              
The S900 will be operated with both a PIC, and a groundbased Safety Observer. The 
S900 is ground launched, requiring no runway for takeoff or landing. Once airborne, the 
S900 will fly at an altitude of 400 feet AGL or less over the designated area. Prior to 
flight, the PIC will set a designated flight area and flight parameters to ensure that the 
S900 will remain within the confines of the approved site and not exceed a maximum 
altitude of 400 feet AGL. If a critical issue is detected at any time, such as a low battery 
state or loss of data link, the S900 will immediately execute pre programmed safety 
procedures. The S900's small operational footprint and builtin safety protocol provide a 
much safer alternative for aerial imaging and would pose a minimal hazard to the NAS 
or public. 

                                              
The S900 will only operate in areas deemed safe.  In addition, there are to be no 
commercial airports within 5 NM and no general aviation airports within 3 NM of any of 
the sites. The S900 will also operate at an altitude of 400 feet AGL, or less, and as a 
result will be laterally deconflicted from manned aircraft operations. By operating at low 
altitudes, Skyform asserts that the S900 will pose minimal or no threat to individuals or 
structures on the ground and will remain well clear of any and all air traffic. Skyforms 
operational limitations require the PIC to file a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) for S900 
flights at each site, providing at a minimum radial/DME, radius, and a date/time group. 

                                              
The S900 will be flown in accordance with day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) and only in 
Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC) during daylight hours. The S900 will operate 
within 1 NM and VLOS of the PIC, (and the Safety Observer positioned next to the PIC) 
at an altitude of 400 feet AGL or less. The Safety Observer will be responsible for 
ensuring that the S900 remains within VLOS at all times and will also assist in spotting 
potential hazards. 

                                     
                            
Regarding the requirement in § 91.103 that the PIC be familiar with specific information 
before each flight such as weather and fuel requirements, as well as information found 
within approved flight manuals relating to aircraft performance and takeoff and landing 
distances, Skyform notes that the S900 has no FAAapproved flight manual and 
therefore seeks exemption from this requirement. We will attain an equivalent level of 
safety by following the operating documents, submitted to the FAA as an appendix 
under separate cover. The S900 Operations Manual contains information comparable to 
that found in FAAapproved flight manuals. 

                                              
With respect to operating altitudes, we request an exemption from the minimum safe 
altitude requirements in § 91.119. Skyform notes that § 91.119(c) provides that over 
sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet to any 
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The aircraft will be operating at a maximum of 400 
feet AGL and can not comply with this requirement.  Additionally, the S900s small size 
and carbon fiber airframe is less hazardous to persons and structures on the ground 
than a manned fixedwing aircraft performing the same service.  By operating at an 
altitude of 400 feet AGL or less, the S900 will not be in conflict with manned aircraft that 
are subject to this minimum altitude regulation. 

                                              
Regarding the altimeter settings requirements in § 91.121, Skyform states that the S900 
is not equipped with a programmable altimeter rather, the S900 determines location 
and altitude using an onboard GPS. Moreover, because the S900 will be operating at or 
below 400 feet AGL, there is no need to maintain hemispherical cruising altitudes for 
deconfliction with manned aircraft. For the above reasons, Skyform seeks exemption 
from this regulation. We will attain an equal level of safety by using the onboard GPS. 
The S900's altitude will also be monitored by the PIC and VO. 

                                              
Regarding the fuel requirements in § 91.151, Skyform states the S900 is 
batteryoperated, does not carry "fuel," and the maximum duration of flight from a full 
battery charge is 18 minutes. Further, the operating documents describe the inflight 
battery monitoring system and suggest landing the S900 when the voltage drops below 
25%.  Compliance with this regulation would leave the S900 with sufficient flight time, 
including unforeseen delays, to land safely.  We request full exemption from this 
requirement, asserting that it is unnecessary because there are no intended landing 
points associated with these operations, and because the S900 is capable of landing 
safely anywhere in its designated operating area once battery power is exhausted. The 
risk or danger associated with failing to reach a safe landing point with 30 minutes of 
extra fuel does not exist with the S900, and that an equivalent level of safety can be 
attained because the S900 does not have to return to a landing point but can safely land 
anywhere over the intended flight area.  

                                              
Public Interest 

                                              
By authorizing S900 operations, the FAA would advance the public interest by reducing 
the number of manned aircraft in the NAS reducing air and noise pollution reducing the 
risk to life and property on the ground and increasing agricultural economic growth as 
well as safety associated with industrial and commercial applications. There are a 
number of benefits of S900 operations compared to manned aircraft operations that are 
used for the same applications.  Allowing S900 operations would reduce the burden on 
air traffic controllers would reduce air and noise pollution from the manned aircraft that 
would otherwise be used would reduce fuel use, as the S900 is batterypowered unlike 
the manned aircraft it would replace and would reduce the risk to life and property on 
the ground, as the S900 contains no pilot and is constructed of a small, lightweight 
carbon fiber airframe. 

                                              
Finally, highresolution image data generated from S900 flights would provide scientists 
with important information that would assist efforts to maximize crop yields. This would 
result in a major increase in economic growth, which would be in the public interest.  

                                     
                            
                   
 

                                             
                                  
                       
                                  
                       
 
                       

 
