August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12325
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1959

Mr. Richard Hawk
Airleaf, LLC
577 Cornish Drive
Encinitas, CA 92024

Dear Mr. Hawk:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Airleaf, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct closed-set filming in the
motion picture and television industries and for the purpose of conducting aerial filming and
photography in the real estate industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 Advanced and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Airleaf, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection and

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Airleaf, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    Advanced and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
    are permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                             May 14, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

 Airleaf, LLC's Petition for "Summary Grant" Exemption to Operate Unmanned
                   Aircraft Systems for Aerial Filming and Photography

                                      FAA Regulatory Docket

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER

Aireleaf, LLC                
Attn: Richard Hawk   
577 Cornish Drive
Encinitas, CA 92024
858.722.8141
rich.hawk@gmail.com
                                                          2
I. PETITION SUMMARY

        Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
Pub. L. No. 112-95 (2012), 126 Stat. 11 ("Section 333") and the Federal Aviation
Administration's ("FAA") general exemption authority under 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f),
Airleaf, LLC ("Petitioner") hereby petitions for a "Summary Grant" Exemption from 14
C.F.R. Part 21, 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133(a), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b)
(1), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) 91.409(a)(2),
91.417(a)-(b). The proposed exemptions, if granted, would allow Petitioner to operate
small, camera-mounted unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") weighing 55 pounds or less
for the purpose of closed-set filming in the motion picture and television industries and
for the purpose of conducting aerial filming and photography in the real estate industry.

        Based on the small size of Petitioner's UAS, the qualifications and experience of
Petitioner's UAS operators, and the restricted, sterile environment within which
Petitioner will operate, the requested exemptions fall squarely within the zone of safety
envisioned by Congress and set forth in Section 333. Additionally, the enhanced safety
achieved by replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable
fuel with small UAS carrying no passengers or crew and operated under the specific
guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives the FAA good cause to find that
the UAS operations enabled by the instant Petition are in the public interest. Because the
requested exemption would not set precedent, and because any delay in acting on this

        !
                                                          3

Petition would be detrimental to Petitioner, good cause exists for granting this Petition on
an expedited basis pursuant to the FAA's streamlined "Summary Grant" process. In
addition, good cause exists for foregoing a published summary of the petition in the
Federal Register. Thus, Petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant this non-
precedent setting exemption on an expedited basis.
II. STATUTORY AUTHORITY

        A. Section 333
        Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,"
provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS
operations in the National Airspace System ("NAS"). Section 333(a) states that the FAA
"shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system before completion of the [comprehensive] plan and rulemaking required
by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act." In
Section 332(b)(1), Congress made it clear that Section 333 provides a mechanism for
"expedited operational authorization." The FAA has committed to complying with this
mandate by granting several petitions almost identical to the one at hand. See, e.g.,
Exemption No. 11062, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 (granting regulatory
exemptions to Astraeus Aerial for operation of unmanned aircraft systems for the purpose
of filming for the motion picture and television industry).
        Section 333(b) identifies several factors that the FAA should consider in
determining whether commercial UAS operations should be approved. These include

        !
                                                          4
UAS that, "as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
hazard to users of the [NAS] or the public or pose a threat to national security." See
Section 333(b).

        B. Section 44701(f)
        In addition to the specific authority conferred by Section 333, the FAA
Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the FAA's safety
regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See U.S.C. § 44701(f).
III. REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS
        Petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:
        Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and
changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and
airworthiness approvals.
        Section 61.113 prescribes that "no person who holds a private pilot certificate may
act as a pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in
command of an aircraft," (see Section 61.113(a)), and that "a private pilot may, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any
business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or

        !
                                                          5
employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation
or hire," (see Section 61.113(b)).

        Section 61.133(a) sets forth privileges for persons holding commercial pilot
certificates, including a provision impliedly limiting to persons holding a commercial
pilot certificate the ability to act as pilot in command of an aircraft "[f]or compensation
or hire."

        Section 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

        Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S. registered civil aircraft unless there
is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

        Section 91.103(b)(1) prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command
shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information
concerning that flight, to include, "For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended
use, and the following takeoff and landing distance information:... For civil aircraft for
which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing
distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein."

        Section 91.119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: "Over other than congested
areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely

        !
                                                          6
populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure."

        Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

        Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly
after that for at least 45 minutes.

        Section 91.203 prohibits, in subpart (a), any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration Application as provided for in
§ 47.31(c). Section 91.203 prescribes, in subpart (b), that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under §
91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or
crew.

        Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner
shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall,

        !
                                                          7

between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 of the chapter.

        Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an
aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
§ 43.7 of the same chapter.

        Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

        Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that-
                (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records
                        for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
                         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventative maintenance, and
                                alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive,
                                and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for
                                each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
                                propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
                                include-
                                 (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                                         Administrator) of the work performed; and
                                 (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

        !
                                                 8
                         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person

                                  approving the aircraft for return to service.
                 (2) Records containing the following information:

                         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine,
                                 each propeller, and each rotor.

                         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each
                                  airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on
                                  the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a
                                  specified time basis.

                         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including
                                  the time since the last inspection required by the
                                  inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                                  appliances are maintained.

                         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness
                                  directives (AD) and safety directives including, for
                                  each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                                  directive number and revisions date. If the AD or
                                  safety directive involves recurring action, the time and
                                  date when the next action is required.

!
                                                          9
                                 (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this

                                         chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and
                                         currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                                         appliances.
                (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the
                        periods prescribed:
                         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall
                                be retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other
                                work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
                         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall
                                be retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the
                                aircraft is sold.
                         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator
                                under § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects
                                are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.

IV. PETITIONER'S PROPOSED OPERATIONS SATISFY SECTION 333.
        A. Unmanned Aircraft System
        The UAS to be operated under this request are less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, will

be operated at a speed of no more than 87 knots (100 miles per hour), carry neither a pilot

        !
                                                         10

nor passenger, carry no explosive materials or flammable liquids, and operate exclusively
within a secured area. In no case will the UAS be operated at airspeeds greater than the
maximum UAS operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.
Petitioner's UAS use a radio frequency spectrum for operation and control that complies
with Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") requirements, and Petitioner has
integrated safety features into the UAS, as described in Petitioner's Flight Operations and
Procedures Manual ("FOPM") and Motion Picture and Television Operations Manual
("MPTOM") (collectively, "operations manuals").1

        Petitioner's UAS are equipped with redundant safety mechanisms allowing them
to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight failures. If a lost-link event occurs,
including the loss of ground communications and/or the loss of a GPS signal, Petitioner's
UAS have the ability to perform a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight
maneuver and return to a predetermined location within a designated security perimeter
for landing. The UAS further have the ability to abort a flight in the event of unpredicted
obstacles or emergencies. The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough available battery power for the UAS to
conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with
the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater. Thus, good cause exists

1 The MPTOM and FOPM will be submitted separately and confidentially under 14
C.F.R. 11.35(b), as the manuals contain proprietary information that the applicant has not
and will not share with others. The manuals contain operating conditions and procedures
that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Act, 5 U.S.C. §§ 552, et seq.

        !
                                                         11

for granting Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) (setting forth fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions).

        Petitioner's UAS will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with
14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 (Altimeter
Settings), Petitioner seeks such relief because Petitioner will not have a typical
barometric altimeter onboard the UAS. Instead, altitude information will be provided to
the UAS PIC via a digitally encoded telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the
aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. The altitude information will be generated
by equipment installed onboard the UAS, using GPS triangulation, digitally encoded
barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a
zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS
PIC. Thus, good cause exists for granting the requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121.

        Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by the applicant, an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
(Airworthiness Certificates), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted (if
necessary) and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 C.F.R.
Part 11 and Section 333. The UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate in the
restricted environment and under the conditions and limitations proposed by Petitioner
will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)

        !
                                                         12

operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and
not subject to the proposed limitations and conditions.

        Petitioner will strictly comply with safety and maintenance procedures included in
all applicable UAS manufacturer's instructions and operating manuals. To the extent
such information is not included in the guidelines developed by the manufacturers,
Petitioners will develop and document maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and
inspection requirements, procedures to document and maintain maintenance records with
regard to Petitioner's UAS, and UAS technician qualification criteria. Petitioner's
operations manuals will include maintenance requirements for Petitioner's UAS,
including "on-condition" maintenance and modifications. In light of these mitigating
factors, exemptions from 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b) are warranted.

        B. UAS Pilot in Command
        Petitioner's UAS pilot in command ("PIC") shall hold either an airline transport,
commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC shall also hold a
current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state,
the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
government. Since there are no standards for either private or commercial UAS pilot
certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations acquired from FAA ground school and
dexterity in the control and operation of the UAS acquired from actual operation of the
aircraft will be the most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety.

        !
                                                         13

According to the FAA, "the FAA considers the overriding safety factor for the limited

operations proposed by the petitioner to be the airmanship skills acquired through UAS-

specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make and model experience, culminating

in verification through testing." See Exemption No. 11062, Regulatory Docket No.

FAA-2014-0352, at p. 18. With those factors in mind, Petitioner's UAS PIC shall be

required to meet several conditions and limitations as outlined in the FOPM and

MPTOM, including the following:

        · The UAS PIC will have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight

                cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least 10

                hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or

                multirotor).

        · The UAS PIC will have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours

                of flight time with the specific make and model of the UAS to be utilized

                for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and landings in the

                preceding 90 days.

        · The UAS PIC will have successfully completed the qualification process as

                specified in the operations manuals, to include a knowledge and skill test.2

2 Prior to operating, the PIC will be required to pass the knowledge and airmanship test
qualifications developed by Petitioner for the UAS (which are included in Petitioner's
operations manuals). There are no established practical test standards that support a
jurisdictional FAA FSDO ("Flight Standards District Office") evaluation and approval of
company designated examiners. Petitioner will conduct these tests in accordance with its
operations manuals. Given the constraints of the proposed operations, this procedure for
testing will not adversely affect the safety of the NAS.

        !
                                                         14
        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), it is Petitioner's
understanding that Petitioner's UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and that exemption from 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.7(a) is therefore unnecessary. To the extent such an exemption is deemed necessary,
Petitioner asserts that it should be granted in light of the safety procedures proposed
herein. In accordance with the pertinent part of 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(b), the operator in
command of Petitioner's UAS shall be responsible for determining whether the aircraft is
in a safe condition for flight. Petitioner's manuals for maintenance and operations shall
include safety checklists to be used by the operator in command prior to each flight.
        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) (Civil aircraft
flight manual, marking, and placard requirements) and § 91.203(a) and (b), (Civil
aircraft: certifications required), it is Petitioner's understanding that relief from these
regulations is no longer necessary in light of the FAA Memorandum "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's
control station," dated August 8, 2014. To the extent the FAA deems an exemption from
this section necessary for Petitioner's proposed operations, such exemption should be
granted in light of the mitigating fact that Petitioner will maintain the documents required
under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 at the UAS ground control station during flights.
        Additionally, 100% of Petitioner's operations will utilize a visual observer
("VO"). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always

        !
                                                         15
maintains VLOS capability. The VO and the PIC will be able to communicate verbally at
all times during operational flights.

        Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b)(1), Petitioner
will comply with the other applicable procedures and requirements stated in § 91.103(a)
and (b). Specifically, the PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, aircraft performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before
initiation of a flight. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in
their preflight procedures. Risks presented by sun glare will be mitigated by the PIC's
and VO's ability to see other air traffic and initiate a return-to-home sequence if needed.

        The PIC's UAS operation will be limited to a unique and restricted environment.
Given the (1) separation of closed-set filming operations from other manned operations,
(2) parallel nature of aeronautical knowledge requirements incumbent in obtaining a
private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate versus a commercial pilot's license, and (3)
the proposed UAS airmanship skills of Petitioner's PICs, the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercial pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for Petitioner's proposed unmanned operations. Thus, Petitioner's request for
relief from 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b) and § 61.133(a) should be granted.

        C. Operating Parameters of Petitioner's UAS

        Petitioner's UAS operations will be conducted within a sterile environment of
closed-set filming. In this controlled environment, Petitioner's operations will remain

        !
                                                         16

within VLOS of the PIC and VO, below 400 feet AGL, and at speeds below 87 knots.
Only participating persons will be permitted within the operating area.3

        Consistent with the relief typically provided to manned operations under FAA
Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1, Petitioner requests relief from 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119(c) with respect to those participating persons, vehicles, and structures directly
involved in the performance of the actual filming. Regarding distance from participating
persons, the operations manuals set forth safety factors for authorized and consenting
production personnel. Because those procedures are specific to participating persons, no
further FSDO or aviation safety inspector approval is necessary for reductions to the
distances specified in Petitioner's manuals.

        Regarding the distance from nonparticipating persons, Petitioner will ensure that
all operations are conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

        (a) Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                persons from the UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. Petitioner
                will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
                situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and

3 Pursuant to Order 8900.1 V3, C8, S1, "participating persons" includes all persons
associated with the filming production. Participating persons will be briefed on the
potential risk of the proposed flight operations and must acknowledge and accept those
risks prior to participation.

        !
                                                         17
                are within 500 feet of the UAS, flight operations must cease immediately in
                a manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons; and

        (b) The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles, or structures has granted
                permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a
                safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and has
                determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

        Unless a letter of agreement with an airport's management is obtained or the
operations are otherwise permitted by a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization ("COA"),
Petitioner will not conduct UAS operations within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference
point ("ARP") as denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory ("AFD"). For
airports not denoted with an ARP, Petitioner will not conduct UAS operations within 5
nautical miles of the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
published aeronautical chart, without the aforementioned letter of agreement or COA in
place. The letter of agreement with airport management will be made available to the
FAA and any law enforcement official upon request.

        All operations will be conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airmen
("NOTAM"). Additionally, Petitioner will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace
without written approval from the FAA. Nor will Petitioner operate the UAS less than

        !
                                                         18
500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less
than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

        Petitioner's UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, and hang gliders).

        Although Petitioner seeks to comply with the waiver process as described in FAA
Order 8900.1, Volume 3, Chapter 8, Section 1 (Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion
Picture and Television Filming), the current section of Order 8900.1 has specific
processes that preclude a jurisdictional FAA FSDO from issuing the required Certificate
of Waiver, because the section did not originally provide for UAS operations. Thus,
Petitioner seeks exemption from the applicable regulations normally waived during that
process. Petitioner proposes that the FAA include the required notifications and
coordination with jurisdictional FSDOs through the conditions and limitations
accompanying the requested exemption, and that the exemption sought herein will take
the place of the Certificate of Waiver normally issued by a jurisdictional FSDO under
8900.1. Under this rubric, Petitioner will notify every FSDO with jurisdiction over the
area that Petitioner plans to operate, just as with manned filming operations, and those
FSDOs will have the ability to coordinate further conditions and limitations with the
UAS Integration Office to address any local concerns.

        !
                                                         19
        Petitioner requests a "blanket" COA permitting commercial UAS operations at or
below 200 feet AGL. For all other operations, Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic
Organization ("ATO") issued COA prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
exemption. In fulfilling its requirements under the COA, Petitioner will be required to
request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 24 hours prior to
the operation.
        When applicable, all UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with any
state or local privacy laws.
        D. The Requested Exemption Promotes the Public Interest
        The enhanced safety achieved by replacing significantly larger manned aircraft
carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS carrying no passengers or crew and
operated under the specific guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives the
FAA good cause to find that the UAS operations enabled by the instant Petition are in the
public interest. Moreover, as the FAA has already recognized, "UAS provide an
additional tool for the filmmaking industry, adding a greater degree of flexibility, which
supplements the current capabilities offered by manned aircraft." See Exemption No.
11062, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at p. 22.

        !
                                                         20
V. CONCLUSION

        For the foregoing reasons, the regulatory exemptions requested herein should be
granted pursuant to the FAA's expedited "Summary Grant" process and Petitioner should
be permitted to conduct small UAS operations for the purpose of closed-set aerial filming
and photography.

                                                Respectfully submitted,
                                                By

                                                          Richard Hawk
                                                          Airleaf, LLC

        !
