August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12569
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2409

Mr. William V. O'Connor
Mr. William D. Janicki
Counsel for Airphrame Inc.
Morrison and Foerster LLP
12531 High Bluff Drive
San Diego, CA 92130

Dear Messrs. O'Connor and Janicki:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Airphrame Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics Iris+ and DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Airphrame Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Airphrame Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics Iris+
    and DJI Phantom 2when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                               12531 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE         MORRISON FOERSTER LLP
                               SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA
                               92130-2040                     BEIJING, BERLIN, BRUSSELS, DENVER,
                                                              HONG KONG, LONDON, LOS ANGELES,
                               TELEPHONE: 858.720.5100        NEW YORK, NORTHERN VIRGINIA,
                               FACSIMILE: 858.720.5125        PALO ALTO, SACRAMENTO, SAN DIEGO,
                                                              SAN FRANCISCO, SHANGHAI, SINGAPORE,
                               WWW.MOFO.COM                   TOKYO, WASHINGTON, D.C.

May 30, 2015                                                  Writer's Direct Contact

U.S. Department of Transportation                             +1 (858) 720.7932
Docket Operations, M-30                                       WOConnor@mofo.com
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Petition of Airphrame Inc. for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to Operate an Unmanned Aircraft System

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Airphrame Inc. hereby applies for an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations identified below to allow for the commercial operation of the
3D Robotics Iris + and the DJI Phantom 2 for aerial data collection.

Airphrame requests that the FAA review this petition pursuant to its "summary grant"
process. The UAS operations in this petition are similar in all material respects to relief
previously granted by the FAA in Grant of Exception Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213.
The reasons stated by the FAA in granting the exemptions listed above also apply to this
petition, and the grant of this petition is in the public interest.

I. REGULATIONS FOR WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

Airphrame requests exemption from the following regulations:

 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H;
 14 C.F.R Part 27;
 14 C.F.R § 45.23(b);
 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a);
 14 C.F.R § 61.113;
 14 C.F.R § 91.7(a);
 14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2);
 14 C.F.R § 91.9(c);
 14 C.F.R § 91.103;
 14 C.F.R § 91.109(a);
 14 C.F.R § 91.119;
 14 C.F.R § 91.121;
 14 C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b)

sd-661048
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Two

 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R § 91.405(a);
 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(l);
 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2);
 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).

This petition incorporates the material contained in the, Iris Operation Manual, Iris Flight
Checklist, the DJI Phantom 2 User Manual (together, the "Manuals").

II. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS

This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned
aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform
Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit operation of an unmanned aircraft system ("UAS")
where it does not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system ("NAS") or the
public or pose a threat to national security based on the following considerations:

 The size, weight, speed and operational capability;
 Operation in proximity to airports and populated areas; and
 Operation within visual line of sight of the operator.

Furthermore, the Federal Aviation Act grants the FAA Administrator authority to grant
exemptions from safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides
an exemption is in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 44701-44716, et seq. A party
requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the
public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety or how it would provide a level
of safety at least equal to the existing rules. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.

III. DESCRIPTION OF AIRPHRAME AND ITS SERVICES

Airphrame provides aerial data capture services including aerial mapping and imaging
primarily for the engineering and insurance industries. Airphrame is located in San
Francisco, California.

Airphrame Corp.                    C/O William V. O'Connor
25 Taylor St.                      William D. Janicki
San Francisco, CA 94102            Morrison & Foerster LLP
Tel. (415) 857-5387                12531 High Bluff Drive
                                   San Diego, CA 92130
                                   Tel (858) 720-5100
                                   WOConnor@mofo.com
                                   WJanicki@mofo.com

                                                                                              2
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Three

         IV. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATIONS

Airphrame is requesting exemptions from applicable Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs)
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act to perform aerial imagery and data collection
primarily for the engineering and insurance industries.

This type of aerial imagery and data collection is typically performed by helicopter or fixed
wing aircraft. Use of a UAS will reduce safety risks because the UAS will not carry
flammable fuel or a pilot, and UAS operations can be performed at considerable savings.
The UAS will also allow for better imagery than can be produced by using a helicopter or
fixed wing aircraft.

                  A. Aircraft to be Operated

Airphrame will operate two aircraft: the 3D Robotics Iris + ("Iris") and the DJI Phantom 2
("Phantom") for aerial imaging and data collection operations.

                           1. 3D Robotics Iris +

The FAA has already approved the Iris for commercial use in FAA Exemption No. 11419
(FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-0185) and FAA Exemption No. 11273 (FAA Docket No.
2014-0913). The Iris is a battery powered quadcopter UAS with a maximum weight of less
than five pounds and a flight time of up to 22 minutes. The Iris is shown in Figure 1 below.

                                      Figure 1­ 3D Robotics Iris +
The Iris is more fully described in the 3D Robotics Iris + Operation Manual.

                                                                                               3
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Four

                           2. DJI Phantom 2+ H4-3D
The FAA has already approved the Phantom for commercial use in FAA Exemption No.
11560 (FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-0417) and FAA Exemption No. 11553 (FAA Docket
No. 2015-0376). The Phantom is a battery powered quadcopter UAS with a maximum
weight of less than five pounds and a flight time of up to 25 minutes. The Phantom is shown
in Figure 2 below.

                                  Figure 2­ DJI Phantom 2+ H4-3D
The Phantom is more fully described in the DJI Phantom 2+ H4-3D User Manual.

                  B. Airphrame's Proposed Operations Demonstrate an Equivalent
                           Level of Safety
                           1. General Description of Proposed Flight Operations

Airphrame proposes to operate within the limitations and performance specifications listed in
the Manuals and described in this petition. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent, or higher, level of safety for operations under the current regulatory structure
because the proposed operations are safer than conventional operations using helicopters or
fixed wing aircraft which carry an operator and flammable fuel. The proposed flight
operations are similar in all material respects to operations already approved by the FAA and
are therefore subject to the FAA's "summary grant" process.
The proposed operations do not create any hazard to users of the national airspace system or
pose a threat to national security. The aircraft is battery operated with a flight time of up to
22 minutes. The vehicle weighs less than 5 pounds. The vehicle will be operated at or below

                                                                                                               4
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Five

400 feet AGL within the visual line of sight of the pilot in command. Airphrame's
operations will be over private or controlled access property with the permission of the
owner/controller or authorized agent.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident.
The proposed UAS carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or
accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated. Compared to manned aircraft, the UAS being
operated by the petitioner reduces the risk to participating persons in close proximity to the
aircraft due to the limited size, weight, operating conditions, and design safety features.

The FAA has determined that the risk of not having an electronic means to monitor and
communicate with other aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology, is
mitigated by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds, permitting
daytime operations only, and requiring that the aircraft be operated within visual line of sight
and yield right of way to all other manned operations.

The petitioner's aircraft has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-
flight failures, as specified in the Manuals. The aircraft is also able to respond to a lost-link
event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver.

                           2. Specific Limitations on Proposed Flight Operations

Given the small size involved, the restricted environment within which it will operate, the
procedures listed below, and pilot certification requirements, Airphrame's proposed
operations using the Iris would "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
or the public or pose a threat to national security." Reform Act Section 333(b)(1).

         1. The aircraft weigh less than 5 pounds.

         2. Each aircraft will be identified by serial number, registered with the FAA, and
                  have identification (N-Number) markings as large as practicable.

         3. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot in command
                  (PIC).

         4. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and
                  confirmed for accuracy by PIC.

         5. The PIC will ensure that before each flight, there is enough available power
                  for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at
                  least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
                  manufacturer if greater.

                                                                                                               5
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Six

         6. The aircraft will be operated during daylight and in VFR conditions.

         7. Flights will not exceed 400 feet AGL.

         8. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any
                  persons or property not associated with the operation who have not given
                  prior permission.

         9. Flights will be limited to a groundspeed of 100 mph.

         10. Minimum crew for each flight will consist of a PIC and an Observer.

         11. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
                  recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA
                  airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state or
                  the Federal Government. The PIC will also meet the flight review
                  requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56.

         12. Prior to the flight, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations
                  for the flight as well as contact information for the PIC.

         13. The flight operations will yield the right of way to other manned aircraft
                  operations.

         14. All persons who are not involved with Airphrame's operations will be
                  required to be at least 500 feet from flight operations.

         15. The aircraft will only operate over private or controlled access property with
                  the permission of the owner/controller or authorized agent.

         16. The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport unless a letter
                  of agreement is obtained.

         17. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territory, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions prior to flight.

         18. Prior to commencing operations, Airphrame will obtain a Certificate of
                  Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA.

         19. If the aircraft loses communications, it will have the capability to return to a
                  pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

         20. If the aircraft loses its GPS signal it will have the capability of being flown
                  manually to a predetermined location within the operational area and land.
                                                                                                               6
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Seven

         21. The flight will be aborted in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

         22. UAS operations will be conducted within the parameters of the Manuals.

                           3. Flight Recovery, Lost Communications, and Lost GPS
                                    Procedures

The flight recovery, lost communications, and lost GPS procedures are more fully
documented in the attached UAS Manuals.

         V. SPECIFIC FAR EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED

Airphrame seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45,
61, and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using the Iris. Listed below
are (1) the specific FAR sections for which exemption is sought, and (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Airphrame has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought. See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (e).

                  A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14
                           C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1)

The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made under
the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when compared
to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met with this petition,
and therefore no exemption is needed. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA
2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics
of the Iris or the Phanotm that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption
is requested.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The Iris and the Phantom are safe when taking into account its
size, weight, speed, and operational capability. It weighs less than 5 pounds and will be
flown at speeds less than 100 miles per hour, and in visual line of sight of the operator. The
UAS does not carry pilots, passengers, explosive materials, or flammable liquid fuels. The
UAS will be operated within the parameters of the Manuals.

The proposed operations will be at least as safe as, or safer than, conventional rotorcraft or
fixed wing aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed here.

                                                                                                               7
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Eight

                  B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                           Rotorcraft

14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Iris or the Phantom will otherwise require
certification under Part 27, Airphrame seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness
standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.

                  C. 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b), 45.27(a) and 91.9(c): Aircraft Marking and
                           Identification Requirements

14 C.F.R. §45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
         each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
         nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
         "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a) states:

         Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally
         on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c) states:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified
         in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C if the markings are "as large as
practicable." See Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 14.

Equivalent Level of Safety: Airphrame will mark all Iris and Phantom aircraft with their N-
Number in a prominent spot on the fuselage with markings that are as large as practicable.

                  D. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

Airphrame seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilots from flying
aircraft for compensation or hire and would also require a second class medical certificate.
The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC matches the

                                                                                                               8
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Nine

airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the pilot is
carrying passengers or cargo for hire.

While the UAS will be operated as part of a commercial operation, it will carry neither
passengers nor cargo. In the Grant of Exemption No. 11062, FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-
0352, the FAA determined that the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of
controlled airspace did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant with
requiring the PIC to have a commercial pilot certificate and a class II medical certificate.
The FAA has also determined that the required knowledge for a commercial pilot covers the
same fundamental principles as a private pilot.

The FAA has also recently granted exemptions allowing operations by people who hold an
airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate with a current
FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state or the
Federal Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
14 CFR§ 61.56. See FAA Exemption No. 11374.

Airphrame will ensure the PIC will meet the requirements listed in the above paragraph.
Airphrame will also ensure the PIC will have completed the manufacturers' training
guidelines outlined in the Manuals.

The FAA stated in its grant of an exception to Astraeus Aerial the "the FAA considers the
overriding safety factor for the limited operations proposed by the petitioner to be the
airmanship skills acquired through UAS-specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make
and model experience, culminating in verification through testing." See Exemption No.
11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 18. The proposed operations can achieve an
equivalent level of safety by requiring the knowledge and experience in Iris and Phantom
operations described above.

The restrictions Airphrame has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the restrictions
similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 and those
approved in the FAA's "summary grant" process.

                  E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

Airphrame seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft
be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required
to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable. Accordingly,
Airphrame requests that the requirements for Section 91.7 be treated in accordance with FAR
Part 21 Subpart H. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 19.

                                                                                                               9
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Ten

                  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the
                           Aircraft; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft
                            Certification and Registration

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft -
                  ...

                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by
                           § 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
                           approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
                           material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                  required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
                  issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
                  legible to passengers or crew.

Airphrame does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA that,
in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the UAS
flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS
operations, this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations. See also
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, pp. 19-20, and Grant of Exemption No. 8607.

                  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

Airphrame seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. The aircraft will not have a Flight
Manual on board. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of
flight. Under these circumstances, the FAA has stated that no exemption is required. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20. An exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-
approved Flight Manual is required.

                                                                                                              10
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Eleven

Equivalent Level of Safety: An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the
Manuals. The PIC will take all required preflight actions--including performing all required
checklists and reviewing weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff
distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing areas--before initiation of
flight. The Manuals will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

                  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

Airphrame seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UAS and remotely
piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control
is accomplished through the use of the Ground Control Station (GCS) that communicates
with the aircraft via radio communications.

Equivalent Level of Safety: When flight instruction is performed, no pilots will be on board
the aircraft and the GCS will be a safe distance from the aircraft and the public, causing no
safety hazard. Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can
still be achieved without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the aircraft,
and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the aircraft experiences any
difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, Airphrame will conduct flight training at a
remote facility away from population centers. These training flights will comply with the
provisions in the Manuals. Accordingly, Airphrame's proposed method of operation
provides superior levels of safety.

                  I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes in Uncongested
                           Areas

Airphrame requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119(c). Section 91.119(c) prescribes that an aircraft may not be operated closer than
500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The Manuals provide for Airphrame
operations to be conducted at least 500 feet from persons and structures not involved in the
operations. The FAA has already determined that relief from Section 91.119(c) is warranted
for UAS operations in uncongested areas with similar flight restrictions as those imposed by
Airphrame. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21.

Equivalent Level of Safety: Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft or fixed wing
aircraft weighing far more than the maximum weights proposed herein, and given the lack of
flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those that presently
exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the
size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the locations where it is operated. In order to
avoid any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below.

                                                                                                              11
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Twelve

Other aircraft are already prohibited from operating closer than 500 from structures where
Airphrame proposes to operate. This is airspace where other aircraft do not normally
operate. As set forth in the Manuals and herein, the UAS will be operated away from
persons or structures not involved in the operation. All persons who are not involved with
Airphrame's operations will be required to be at least 500 feet from flight operations. This
will pose no risk to the public because other aircraft are not operating in these areas.

                  J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating
an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set
to the elevation of the departure airport. The UAS proposed uses both barometric pressure
sensors and GPS to determine altitude but does not have the ability to set in a current
altimeter setting. An exemption is required to the extent that the UAS does not have a
barometric altimeter setting. The altitude of the UAS is monitored by the PIC on the ground
control station and by the visual observer.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be
achieved if the aircraft will be operated at or below 400 feet AGL and within visual line-of-
sight in addition to GPS-based altitude information relayed in real time to the operator. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21. As the attached Manuals indicate, the UAS will be
operated at or below 400 feet AGL and otherwise comply with the limitations in the Grant of
Exemption No. 11062.

                  K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                           Conditions

Airphrame requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                  (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
                  to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

Here, the technological limitations on the UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. The Iris and
the Phantom aircraft are battery powered with a maximum flight time of up to 22 minutes.
The PIC will ensure that before each flight, there is enough available power for the UAS to

                                                                                                              12
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Thirteen

conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the
reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

Equivalent Level of Safety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is
provided if the UAS flight is conducted under daytime VFR flight conditions using VLOS,
and terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of
Exemption No. 11062, p. 21-22. The FAA's "summary grant" process provides that the PIC
is prohibited from beginning a flight unless there is enough available power to conduct the
intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
recommended by the manufacturer if greater. See FAA Exemption No. 11374 (FAA Docket
No. 2015-0091 at p. 5). The Manuals here provide that the PIC will ensure that before each
flight, there is enough available power for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to
operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
manufacturer if greater.

                  L. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and
                           (b): Maintenance Inspections

Airphrame seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14
C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS proposed here will not have.

Equivalent Level of Safety: An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with the Manuals. This
includes maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection requirements for the aircraft.
See Exemption No. 11062 (FAA Docket No. 2014-0352, at p. 14-15) and FAA Exemption
No. 11374 (FAA Docket No. 2015-0091, at p. 4).

Airphrame will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance requirements. As provided in
the Manuals, flights will not be conducted unless a flight operations checklist is performed
that includes all of the aircraft's components.

         VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

Granting Airphrame's petition for exemption furthers the public interest. National policy set
by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled, safe working
environments such as proposed in this petition. By granting this petition, the FAA will fulfill

                                                                                                              13
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Fourteen

Congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate safely in the NAS before completion of the
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

Moreover, use of UAS will improve efficiency and reduce costs for Airphrame's customers
by reducing the time and expense necessary to collect aerial imagery. The use of the UAS
proposed here will also decrease safety-related incidents involving traditional aircraft. The
public has an interest in reducing the hazards and emissions associated with alternate use of
helicopters and small airplanes to conduct similar imaging operations.

Airphrame's intended uses for the UAS will have real-world benefits for the engineering and
insurance industries and the public by reducing the costs and enhancing the safety of aerial
imaging and data collection.

         VII. PRIVACY

All flights will occur over private property either owned by Airphrame or with the owner's
consent. All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws
regarding privacy.

         VIII. SUMMARY FOR FEDERAL REGISTER

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Airphrame Inc. seeks an exemption from the following rules for the commercial operation of
a small unmanned aerial system to inspect wind turbine blades and towers for the renewable
energy industry: 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R Part 27; 14 C.F.R § 45.23(b); 14
C.F.R. § 45.27(a); 14 C.F.R § 61.113; 14 C.F.R § 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R §
91.9(c); 14 C.F.R § 91.103; 14 C.F.R § 91.109(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.119; 14 C.F.R § 91.121; 14
C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R §
91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).

The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the operator, the general public and
property owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work
using conventional aircraft and rotorcraft.

Airphrame requests that the FAA grant this petition using the "summary grant" process such
that publication in the Federal Register is not required. This petition would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

                                                                                                              14
U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Fifteen

IX. ATTACHMENTS

Attachment 1:  Iris Operation Manual
Attachment 2:  Iris Flight Checklist
Attachment 3:  Phantom 2 User Manual

X. CONCLUSION

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act--size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line
of sight, and national security considerations--provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions to permit Airphrame to operate the Iris and the
Phantom as proposed here. Furthermore, this petition warrants review by the FAA under the
"summary grant" process for immediate approval.

Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many ways,
including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human exposure
to danger; (2) improving the quality of services Airphrame can provide to its customers; and
(3) decreasing operating costs compared with traditional aerial imaging

                                   Respectfully submitted,
                                   Morrison & Foerster LLP
                                   Counsel for Airphrame Inc.

                                   By
                                            William V. O'Connor
                                            William D. Janicki
                                            Morrison & Foerster LLP
                                            12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100
                                            San Diego, CA 92130-2040
                                            Telephone: (858) 720-5100
                                            Facsimile: (858) 720-5125
                                            woconnor@mofo.com
                                            wjanicki@mofo.com

                                                                               15
