May 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11651
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0664

Mr. Jon Budreski
Co-Founder
AirShark LLC
29 Pleasant Street
Montpelier, VT 05602

Dear Mr. Budreski:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of AirShark LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
infrastructure inspection such as solar farms, wind turbines, and construction projects.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, AirShark LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, AirShark LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                   AirShark LLC Petition for Exemption ­ Section 333 
                                    Title 14 CFR 111.81 (FAA) 
                                                       
                                                       
                                                       

March 13  2015  
 
US Department of Transportation  
Docket Management System  
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE  
Washington, DC 20590 
 
Electronically submitted via regulations.gov from:   
 
AirShark 
29 Pleasant Street, Montpelier VT 05602 
jon@airshark.io 802 233 9330  
www.airshark.io 
 
AirShark is requesting a petition for exemption (Section 333) to fly small UAS for 
the purpose of infrastructure inspection work such as solar farms, wind turbines 
and construction projects.  AirShark is focusing on supporting energy and 
infrastructure since it's a critical part of our nation's economic success.  Using UAS, 
we can help contractors and managers inspect aging infrastructure, at reduced risk 
while providing a new level of information not previously accessible.  In addition, 
noise and air pollution is less than alternatives.  We are seeking exemption from 
several CFR's as noted below that remain burdensome to AirShark doing business 
and growing.   We believe and will provide supporting documentation that AirShark 
can provide a level of safety greater than or equal to the rules we are seeking 
exemption from.  This request is in the public interest, our interest and our local 
communities interest here in rural Vermont and New England.  We have completed 
due diligence and have noticed profound potential impacts from safety to economic 
impacts to information quality. 
 
 
Aircraft 
AirShark is currently in the process of registering (2) DJI Phantom Vision+ UAS. 
 
The Specific sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations from which 
AirShark requests exemption: 14 CFR : Part 21 Subpart H; 61.113(a)&(b); 91.121; 
91.151; 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a)&(b) 
 
For Each CFR ­ I have created a response addressing : 

    1) Rule is burdensome to AirShark... 
    2) AirShark can provide a level of safety greater than or equal to the rule we are 
         seeking exemption to.  Explain... 

    3) This request is in the public interest (AirShark / Public  / Community) 
 

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of FAA Reform Act of F.A.R.s. and 14 CFR 
Part 11. 
 
14 CFR 21 H ­  AirWorthiness Certificates sets forth requirements for procurement 
of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, 
weight and operational area of my, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because 
my UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of 
the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness 
certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of 
the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the 
airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, 
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations.  
 
AirShark UAS meet or exceed each of the elements.  Subpart H establishes the 
procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required 
by FAR 91.203 (a) (1).   Given the size and limited operating 
area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by AirShark, an exemption 
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety 
under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC 
44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt 
aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of 
the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and 
populated areas of the particular SUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria 
demonstrates that the SUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the 
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe,  
or safer, than a conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate 
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.  
 
61.113 (a)(b) P  rivate Pilot Privileges and Limits 
These regulations limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Because the 
SUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers; due to the SUAS's size, weight, speed, and 
operational capabilities; and since operations will occur in tightly controlled and 
limited airspace, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety 
of current operations that currently require a commercial pilot's license while still 
benefiting the public good. 
 
91.121 r  egarding a  ltimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as our UAS utilizes 
electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.  This regulation 
requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising 
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure 
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the SUAS 
may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an 
exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the 
operator by confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude 
indicator before flight.  
 
91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under visual 
flight rules (VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather 
conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, 
assuming normal cruising speed-- 
(1) During the day, to fly after that f  or at least 30 minute s; 
 
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under 
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is 
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal 
cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At 
night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." The battery powering the SUAS provides 
approximately 25 minutes of powered flight. That would make it impossible to meet 
the 30 minute reserve requirement. 
 
Given the limitations on the SUAS's flight area and the location of its 
operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in 
daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.   An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by 
limiting flights to 25 minutes or 25% of battery power (whichever occurs first). This 
restriction would be more than adequate to return the SUAS to its planned landing 
zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.  
 
Maintenance Inspections 
 
91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have 
that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, 
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same 
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter. 
 
91.407 (a)(1);  prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that 
has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration 
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 
43.7 of the same chapter. 
 
91.409 (a)(1) and (2); p  rescribes that no person may operate any aircraft unless, 
within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance 
of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. 
 
91.417 (a)(b)  
The abovecited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and 
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part 
and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this 
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ." 
These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will 
not, therefore, apply to out UAS.   However, as a safety precaution AirShark shall 
inspect all UAS before and after each flight.  (see attachment for user manual). 
 
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft 
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required 
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies 
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or 
maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these sections and Part 
43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not 
apply. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the Phantom 
user manual and guide. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these 
small SUASs are very limited in size, will carry a small payload, and operate only in 
restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the SUAS can 
land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL.  Further, 
the operator will ensure that the SUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight 
and perform maintenance as required. Moreover, the operator is the person most 
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy 
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. 
 
UAS Equipment 

AirShark plans to utilize a DJI Phantom2 Vision+.   AirShark PIC will operate the UAS 
in a safe manner fully aware of the NAS minimizing risk on both the ground and air. 
With full VLOS and redundant systems on board as well as GPS the UAS will be 
carefully guided to inspect infrastructure and energy installations.   AirShark shall 
officially register the UAS with the FAA before any flights commence.  See the 
attached documents for design and operation characteristics.  Checklists will be 
amended as need to create an even higher level of safety.  For instance, battery data 
will be aggregated with each flight log using in house software. 

UAS are less than 50lbs and fly less than 30 MPH and under 400ft.  Flights will be 
ceased and UAS will return to home at 25% battery power.  A Return to Home 
feature is available and can be used should connectivity or power issues arise. 

Procedures 

Preflight checklists will be followed (see attached user guide).  Maintenance and 
repairs will be logged and batteries will be logged as well.  (attached user manual). 

Radio Frequencies 
2.4 and 5.8 Radio Spectrum Frequencies will be used to communicate and provide 
video feeds from the UAS to a ground station.  All frequencies and usage will comply 
with existing FCC bands.  In addition, ground spotters (Visual Observers) will be 
equipped with a 462 MHz radios complying with part 15 FCC and be in 
communication at all times with PIC. 

Pilot in Command (PIC) and Visual Observer Rules/Goals 

AirShark's (PIC) shall hold a valid FAA issued Private Pilot's license (SEL) and valid 
class II or III medical at the time of flights.  Jon Budreski currently holds 
approximately 140 hours of flight time S.E.L. and has 25 hrs. of UAS time.   PIC will 
have had at least 3 takeoffs and 3 landings in the preceding 90 days.   

          Pilot will be "recertified" via flight review before May 2015 (S.E.L.) with 
             (3 rd   Class Medical) 
                  o Total Hrs. 140 
                  o Total UAS Hrs. 25 
                  o License / Certificate #_FF1687500 

          
A Visual Observer will understand basic UAS operational characteristics, safety 
protocols and have site understanding  to help in successful missions.  The visual 
observer will primarily be for keeping an extra set of eyes on the sky while noting 
proximity to ground hazards including people and property.  Prompt notification via 
radio will be key for quick communication. 
 
Operation of UAS / Privacy / Public Safety 

AirShark is aiming to work with customers in the construction, energy and 
infrastructure space in primarily Northern New England to start.  AirShark will 
inspect solar panels, wind turbines, construction sites and bridges (for example). 
Our nation's infrastructure requires tremendous amounts of maintenance and 
checkups and is aging.  We feel that using UAS will complement existing 
technologies and equipment that is being used today but also provide a greater level 
of safety than alternatives. 

AirShark shall conduct operations in VFR VMC weather during daylight hours 
outside of Class B airspace and outside of 5 mile area of Class D/C airport unless 
approved in the COA.  In addition, flight altitudes will be no higher than 400FT AGL. 
All operations will be conducted line of sight (LOS).  We are aware a clearance in the 
form of a  COA will be needed to conduct any operations outside of Class G airspace 
from the local controlling authority (Tower or FSDO).  In addition any needed 
NOTAMs will be completed 48 hrs before flights. 

Potential hazards will be outlined in initial safety briefings and clearly avoided. 
Hazards could include power lines, tall structures and mechanized moving 
equipment.  "See and Avoid" rules using VLOS will be followed to minimize NAS 
impacts.  Further, permissions must be granted or approved over private or public 
lands where UAS is operating. 

COA will be secured before flights as required by latest FAA guidance.  TFRs, 
NOTAMS, weather etc will all be recognized / utilized as applicable.   

Further: 

· All operations will avoid congested or populated areas.  
· Notifications will be made in advance to nearby or legal entities such as local police, 
fire.  
· The operator will file a NOTAM for each flight as required by FAA / FSDO Office. 
· A prejob brief will be developed and conducted and must verify control of the flight 
area, including the absence of members of the public in the flight area. 
 
Checklists will guide operators during preflight, flight, and post flight operations 
and reduce risk.  Safety risk assessment checklists will be developed and updated 
yearly.  

Since the areas being photographed or filmed will be on primarily private property, 
accessed only after given written and/or oral consent by the property owner(s), and 
clear of all people, except for the PIC and the PIC's helper(s), approval of this 
application presents no risk to the public privacy.  

Reference to similar Petitions: 

Astreus Aerial, petition ­ Petition No. 0352, Grant No. 11062. 
Alan Purwin, petition p#0786 
Singer's Creations, petition  p#0915 
 
Supporting Documents Etc. 

                  o Phantom User Manual 
                  o Phantom Users Manual (13) 
                  o Phantom Guide 
                  o Phantom Training Guide 
                  o AMA Safety Code 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for 
an equivalent level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please 
contact me at any time if you require additional information or clarification. 
 
 
 
 
 
Respectfully, 
Jon Budreski, Co Founder ­ AirShark LLC 
29 Pleasant St 
Montpelier VT 05602 
 

                    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
