May 29, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11716
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0802

Mr. Zack Howard
Owner
Airspace Aerial, LLC
7161 Oak Hill Drive
Sylvania, OH 43560

Dear Mr. Howard:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Airspace Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography of real property.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The FAA received one
individual comment in opposition to the petition. In granting this exemption, the FAA has
determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted under the conditions and
limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon Lab, Astraeus Aerial,
Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the document's conditions and
limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of the exemption.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness

Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is

not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, Airspace Aerial, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Airspace Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                   AirspaceAerial,LLC
                                                                                   7161OakHillDrive
                                                                                   Sylvania,OH43560

                                                                                     PH:419-699-3862

March25,2015

U.S.Dept.ofTransportation,DocketOperations
WestBuildingGroundFloor,Roomw12-140
1200NewJerseyAvenue,SE.,
Washington,DC20590

Re:ExemptionRequestunderSection333oftheFAAReformActandPart11ofthe
FederalAviationRegulations

DearSirorMadam:

PursuanttoSection333oftheFAAModernizationandReformActof2012(the
"ReformAct")and14C.F.R.Part11,AirspaceAerial,LLC(AA) seeksanexemption
fromFederalAviationRegulations("FARs")detailedbelowforthefollowing
describedUnmannedAerialSystemcalledinthisapplicationtheAASystem,which
includesanUnmannedAircraft(UA)andgroundstation-basedequipmentandcrew:

THEUNMANNEDAIRCRAFT(UA):
     Alightweight(6.5lbgrossweightwithallon-boardequipment),battery
         operated4-motorrotorcraftintheformofaquadcopterthattakesoffand
         landsvertically,manufacturedbyDJI,ModelInspire1whichcarries:
     Anon-boardflightcomputerwithGPSnavigationandlocationabilitythat
         receivessignalsforflightcontrolsfromaground-based
         transmitter/controlleraswellasaniOSmobildeviceapplication
     Anon-boardcameracapableofcapturingimageryintheformoffull color,
         highdefinitionstillphotosandvideo;
     Anon-boardtelemetrysystemthatdeliversflightdatafromtheon-board
         flightcomputertotheon-boardradiotransmitterincludingaltitudeAGL,
         horizontalandverticalspeed,compassdirectionofflightanddirectionback
         toitslaunchsite;
     A2.4Ghzon-boardradiotransmitterthattransmitslivevideofromtheon-
         boardcameraplusalltheflightdatafromthetelemetrysystemdescribed
         above;

THEGROUNDSTATION-BASEDPARTOFTHESYSTEM:
     APilotinCommand(PIC)inoperationalcontrolofaflightoperationfrom
         beginningtoendandwhocontrolstheUAwhileintheair;
     A2.4GHzradiotransmitter/controlleroperatedbythePICtocontroltheUA
         whileinflight;

     Aradioreceiverreceivinglivevideoandflightdatafromtheon-board
         cameraandcomputerprojectsitalltogetherontoaniOSdeviceforthePICto
         viewduringflight;

     AVisualObserver(VO)isapersonwhoprovidesasecondpairofeyesto
         visuallytracktheUAwhileinflight.

TherequestedexemptionwouldsupportanapplicationforacommercialCertificate
of AuthorizationtousetheabovedescribedAA Systemtosupportaerial
photographyandvideoprimarilyofrealproperty,specificallyindividualproperties
ofatleasttwoacresinsize (equivalenttoasquare295feet/side).

TheUA,poweredbybatteries,issmaller,lighterandmoremaneuverablethan
largeraircraftrunningoncombustiblefuel,itoperatesatloweraltitudeswithno
peopleonboardandwilltherebyreducecurrentrisk levelsandtherebyenhance
safetyanddiminishthelikelihoodofdeathorseriousbodilyinjury.Withasmall
payloadandmaximumflighttimeofonly15minutes,thisisofferslittleornoriskto
nationalsecurity.

Lowlevelobliquephotosandvideofromseveralanglesarefarmoreeffectivethan
ground- basedimageryfordisplayingthecharacteristicsoflarge,complex
propertieswithseveralbuildingsandlargetrees.Inthepast, full-sizedhelicopters
andaircrafthavebeencharteredforthispurpose,whichhasprovenmorecostlyand
dangerousthanaUA.Thebenefitsofreducedcostandimprovedqualityof
presentationfromtheUAwillbevaluabletoandbenefitmanybuyersandsellersof
realproperty.

Additionally,werequestthatwebeallowedtouseoursystemtobenefitfirst
respondersnearbywhomightrequireassistance,includingfirefighters,thepolice,
thesheriff,etal.,whileremainingsubjecttoalllimitationscitedinthisapplicationas
wedoso.

TheAA SystemwillbeoperatedinthefieldwithbothaPICandaVOinaccordance
withFAAPolicyN8900.227Section14"OperationalRequirementsforUAS"and
withthefollowingRestrictions:

         (a) NoflightwillbemadewithaUAGrossweightexceeding55pounds;
         (b) AlloperationsmustoccurinFAAClassGairspaceatnomorethan400ft
         AGL,atan airspeedofnomorethan25knotsandnofurtherthan3/4NM
         fromthePIC;
         (c) Alloperationsmustutilizeavisualobserver(VO).TheVOandPICmust
         beableto communicatebyvoice atalltimesduringaflightoperation;
         (d) Operationswillberestrictedtoflightsoverprivatepropertywiththe
         permissionofthe propertyowner;
         (e) ThePICmusthaveaccumulatedandlogged,inamannerconsistentwith
         14CFR§ 61.51(b),aminimumof100flightcyclesand25hoursoftotal
         timeasaUArotorcraftpilotandatleasttenhoursloggedasaUApilotwitha
         similarUAtype;
         (f) Allrequiredpermitswillbeobtainedfromstateandlocalgovernment
         priortooperation;
         (g) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverdenselypopulatedareas;
         (h) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedatairshows;
         (i) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoveranyopen-airassemblyof
         people;
         (j) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverheavilytraffickedroads;
         (k) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedwithin5NMofanairportor
         heliport;
         (l) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverpropertiessmallerthantwo
         acresinsize;
         (m) Operations willberestrictedtodayonlyandweatherconditions
         equivalenttoVFR;
         (n) ThePICwillbrieftheVOandpropertyownerabouttheoperationand
         riskbeforethe firstflightateachnewlocation;
         (o) NoflightmaybemadewithoutaPre-FlightInspectionbythePICbefore
         eachoperation toascertainthattheUAisinaconditionsafeforflight(see
         AppendixA).

ThePICandVOwillmeettherequirementsoutlinedinFAAPolicyN8900.227
Section16personnelQualifications.Additionally,thePICandVOwillperform
maintenanceonthesystemandwillcompleteacourseofmaintenanceinstruction
aspartoftheirinitialtraining.

WesubmitthatthecombinationoftheUA'slightweight,flightperformanceand
ability,fullyqualifiedflightcrewandstrictoperationundertheguidelines
establishedin8900.227,andunderalloftheRestrictions(a)through(o)listed
above,theFAAcanhavefullconfidencethattheoperationwillhaveanequivalentor
greaterlevelofsafetythanmannedaircraftperformingthesamemission.

Thenameandcontactinformationoftheapplicantare:

AirspaceAerial,LLC
Attn: ZackHoward

         7161OakHillDrive
         Sylvania,OH43560
Ph:419-699-3862
Email:zmhoward@gmail.com
Theregulationsfromwhicheach exemptionisrequestedarelistedbelow.Each
regulationisoutlinedinthe attachedAddendumwithourproposedequivalentlevel
ofsafetyforeachregulation:
- 14CFRPart21
- 14CFR91.203
- 14CFR45.23,45.29
- 14CFR 91.9
- 14CFR61.113,61.133
- 14CFR91.109,91.119,91.121
- 14CFR91.151
- 14CFRSubpartE(91.401- 91.417)
- FAAPolicy8900.227Paragraph16(c)(4)andParagraph16(e)(1)
Wearepreparedtomodifyoramendanypartofthisrequesttosatisfytheneedfor
anequivalentlevelofsafety.Pleasecontactusatanytimeifyourequireadditional
informationorclarification.Welookforwardtoworkingwithyouroffice.
Sincerely,

ZackHoward,Owner
AirspaceAerial,LLC

AddendumcontainingExemptionRequests andEquivalentLevelofSafety
AppendixA­ FlightManual
AppendixB­ Owner'sManualforUA
                                      ADDENDUM

     EXEMPTIONREQUESTSANDEQUIVALENTLEVELOFSAFETY

AirspaceAerial,LLC,requestsanexemptionfromthefollowingregulationsaswell
asanyadditionalregulationsthatmaytechnicallyapplytotheoperationoftheAA
System:

14CFRPart21,SubpartH:AirworthinessCertificates
Thispartestablishestheproceduresfortheissuanceofanairworthinesscertificate.
WhiletheFAAcontinuestoworktodevelopairworthinessstandardsforUnmanned
AerialSystems,werequestanexperimentalcertificatebeissuedfortheAA System
undereitherorbothofthefollowingprovisions:
21.191Experimentalcertificates.
Experimentalcertificatesareissuedforthefollowingpurposes:
(a)Researchanddevelopment. Testingnewaircraftdesignconcepts,newaircraft
equipment,newaircraftinstallations,newaircraftoperatingtechniques,ornew
usesforaircraft.
(b)Showingcompliancewithregulations. Conductingflighttestsandother
operationstoshowcompliance withtheairworthinessregulationsincludingflights
toshowcomplianceforissuanceoftypeandsupplementaltypecertificates,flights
tosubstantiatemajordesignchanges,andflightstoshowcompliancewiththe
functionandreliabilityrequirementsof theregulations.

Sincetheexperimentalcertificatecanbeusedforcommercialpurposessuchas
marketsurveys,salesdemonstrations,andcustomercrewtraining,wewouldexpect
thatanexperimentalcertificatewouldpermitourcommercialpurposeaswell.

Theaircraftwillnotcarrypersonsorproperty,willnotcarryfuel,andwillonlyfly
understrictoperationalrequirements.CombinedwiththeUA'slightweight,being
constructedprimarilyofcarbonfiberandplastic,weproposethattheUAwillbeat
leastassafe,ifnotsafer,thanaconventionallycertificatedaircraftperformingthe
samemission.

Ifanexperimentalairworthinesscertificateisnotappropriateforthisapplication,
thenwerequestanexemptionof14CFRPart21,SubpartH,andtherequirement
foranairworthinesscertificateingeneral,citingtheequivalentlevelofsafety
outlinedinthepreviousparagraph.

14CFR91.203(a)&(b)Civilaircraft:Certificationsrequired.
Theregulationprovidesthatanairworthinesscertificate,withtheregistration
numberassignedtotheaircraftandaregistrationcertificatemustbeaboardthe
aircraft.Additionally,subparagraph(b)providesthattheairworthinesscertificate
be"displayedatthecabinorcockpitentrancesothatitislegibletopassengersor
crew."
Atamaximumgrossweightof6.5 pounds,theUAistoosmalltocarry
documentation,doesnothaveanentrance,andisnotcapableofcarrying
passengersorcrew.Toobtainanequivalentlevelofsafetyandmeettheintentof
91.203,weproposethatdocumentsdeemedappropriateforthisaircraftbytheFAA
willbeco-locatedwiththecrewatthegroundcontrolstationandavailablefor
inspectionuponrequest.Inordertoidentifytheaircraft,weproposethatthe
informationfoundonairworthinessandregistrationcertificatesbepermanently
affixedtotheaircraftviaplacardcontainingthefollowinginformationplustheword
"EXPERIMENTAL"tosatisfytherequirementof14CFR45.23,whichfollows
immediatelyaftertheproposedplacarddescriptionbelow:

                  EXPERIMENTAL
                  Manufacturer:DJIInnovations,Inc.
                  950EBaselineAve.Ste.210
                  ApacheJunction,AZ85119
                  Model:Inspire1,SerialNumber:W13DCA31020818

                  Iffoundplease contact:(419)699-3862

14CFR45.23Displayofmarks;generaland45.29Sizeofmarks.
Theseregulationsprovidethateachaircraftmustdisplay"N"andtheaircraft's
registrationnumberinlettersatleast3incheshigh.Additionally,theaircraftmust
displaytheword"EXPERIMENTAL"inlettersatleast2incheshighnearthe
entrancetothecabin,cockpit,orpilotstation.TheUAdoesnothaveanentrancein
whichtheword"EXPERIMENTAL"canbeplaced,andmaynothavearegistration
numberassigned toitbytheFAA.

Weproposetoachieveanequivalentlevelofsafetybyincludingtheword
"EXPERIMENTAL"intheplacardonthetopoftheaircraft,asshownabove,where
thePIC,VOandothersinthevicinityoftheaircraftwhileitispreparingforlaunch
willbeabletoseethedesignation.Additionally,wefeelthatthepermanentplacard
discussedinthepreviousparagraphwillprovidetheaircraft'sregistration
informationatthegroundstation.Finally,wewilldisplayatthegroundstationa
highcontrastflagorbannerthatcontainsthewords"UnmannedAircraftGround
Station"inletters3incheshighorgreater.Sincetheaircraftwilloperatewithin1
NMofthegroundstation,thebannershouldbevisibletoanyonethatobservesthe
aircraftandchoosestoinvestigateitspointoforigin.

14CFR91.9Civilaircraftflightmanual,marking,andplacardrequirements.
Thisregulationprovidesthatnopersonmayoperateanaircraftunlessacurrent,
approvedflightmanualisintheaircraft.Weassumethattheintentofthis
requirementistoensurethatflightmanualinformationisavailabletotheaircrew
whileoperatingtheaircraft.Werequestanexemptiontothisrequirementsincethe
aircraftisnotonlytoosmalltocarrydocumentation,the documentationwouldnot
beavailabletothecrewduringflightoperations.
Toobtainanequivalentlevelofsafetyandmeettheintentof91.9,weproposethata
current,approvedUAFlightManual(AppendixA)mustbeavailabletothecrewat
theground stationanytimetheaircraftisin,orpreparingfor,flight.

14CFR61.113Privatepilotprivilegesandlimitations:PilotinCommandand
61.133Commercialpilotprivilegesandlimitations.
Theregulationprovidesthatnopersonthatholdsaprivatepilotcertificatemayact
aspilotincommandofanaircraftforcompensationorhire.Subparagraph(b)
allowsaprivatepilottoactaspilotincommandofanaircraftinconnectionwith
anybusinessoremploymentif:(1)Theflightisonlyincidentaltothatbusinessor
employment;and(2)Theaircraftdoesnotcarrypassengersorpropertyfor
compensationorhire.

OurproposedoperationsrequirethatthePICmusteither:
         1. HoldaCommercialPilotCertificateissued bytheFAA,andhave
         logged25
         hoursofflight experienceinthistypeofUA,or
         2. Meettherequirementsof8900.227para16(c)(2)(c)"Operations
         withoutapilotcertificate" inwhichthePICisrequiredtocomplete"FAA
         privatepilotgroundinstruction"andpass"theFAAPrivatePilotwritten
         examination."Sincetherearecurrentlynomeansavailableforthepilotofa
         UAStogaintheexperienceinanequivalentcategoryandclassinorderto
         applyforacommercialpilot'slicense,weproposetogenerateanequivalent
         levelofsafetybyrequiringourpilotstocomplete,ataminimum,FAA
         commercialpilotgroundinstructionandpasstheFAACommercialPilot
         writtenexaminationinadditiontocompletingtheprivatepilot
         requirements.Sincetheaircraftcannotcarrypassengersorproperty,wefeel
         wemeettheintentof61.113Subparagraph(b)eventhoughtheintentofthis
         applicationistoconductabusiness.

14CFR91.109FlightInstruction;Simulatedinstrumentflightandcertain
flighttests
Theregulationstatesthat"Nopersonmayoperateacivilaircraftthatisbeingused
forflightinstructionunlessthataircrafthasfullyfunctioningdualcontrols."
TheAA Systemground-basedcontrolstationconsistsofasmallhand-heldradio
transmitterandwhileitdoesnotofferasecondsetof"controls",boththestudent
andinstructorcan,andwill,operatethesinglesetofcontrolssimultaneously.With
bothstudentandinstructorhaving"hands-on"thecontrolsduringflight,wefeel
thatthistechniquemeetstheintent91.109andprovidesanequivalentlevelof
safety.

14CFR91.119Minimumsafealtitudes:General.
Theregulationstatesthatoversparselypopulatedareastheaircraftcannotbe
operatedcloserthan500feettoanyperson,vessel,vehicle,orstructure.Sincethe
aircraftwillbeoperatingatamaximumof400feetAGL,wecannotcomplywiththis
requirement.
Inordertoprovideanequivalentlevelofsafetywewillonlyflyoverprivate
propertywithasize ofatleasttwoacreswiththepermissionoftheownerofthe
propertyflownover.Theaircraftwillnotbeoperatedovercongestedareasorover
anyopenairassemblyofpersons.Thepropertyownerwillbebriefedonthe
expectedrouteofflightandtheassociatedriskstopersonsandpropertyonthe
ground.Theaircraftwillbeoperatedatalowaltitudeallowing,ifapowerunitfails,
anemergencylandingwithoutunduehazardtopersonsorpropertyonthesurface.
ThereforewemaintainthatduetothesmallsizeoftheUA,thehazardtopersons,
vehiclesandstructuresisminimalcomparedtomannedaircraft,whichshouldbe
consideredingrantingtheexemption.

14CFR91.121Altimetersettings.
Theregulationrequiresthataircraftshallmaintaincruisingaltitudesbyreferenceto
analtimetersettingavailablewithin100NMoftheaircraft.

TheUAwillalwaysflybelow400feetAGLandwillnotneedtomaintaincruising
altitudesinordertopreventconflictwithotheraircraft.AnAboveGroundLevel
altimetermeasurementabovethetakeoffpointistransmittedviaradiofromtheUA
on-boardcomputertothedisplayscreenheldbythePIC,providingaconstantly
updatedAGLreadout.

14CFR91.151FuelrequirementsforflightinVFRconditions.
Theregulationprovidesthatnopersonmaybeginaflightinanairplaneunderday-
VFRconditionsunlessthereisenoughfueltoflytothefirstpointofintended
landingandtoflyafterthatforatleast30minutes.

Wefeeltheintentionofthisparagraphistoprovideanenergyreserveasasafety
bufferfordelaystolanding.TheUAisbatteryoperatedandthemaximumduration
offlightfromasinglebatterychargeis15 minuteswitha20%reserve.Sincethe
aircraftwillneverflymorethan1 NMfromthepointofintendedlanding,afull
batterychargeatlaunchwillensurethatwemeetthereserveenergyrequirementof
thisparagraph.Werequestanexemptiontotheword"fuel"andaskforan
equivalentinterpretationwiththeword"energy".

14CFRSubpartE(91.401- 91.417)- Maintenance,PreventiveMaintenance,
Alterations
Theregulationprovidesthattheoperatorisprimarilyresponsibleformaintaining
theaircraftinanairworthycondition,includingcompliancewithpart39and43.
Paragraphs91.407and91.409requirethattheaircraftbe"approvedforreturnto
servicebyapersonauthorizedunder43.7"aftermaintenanceandinspection.

ItisourintentionthatthePICperformmaintenanceandinspectionoftheaircraft
and"beauthorizedtoapprovetheaircraftforreturntoservice."Asprovidedinthe
Pre-FlightChecklistinAppendixA,thePICwillensurethattheaircraftisinan
airworthyconditionpriortoeveryflightandinadditionconductdetailed
inspectionsaftereverytwohoursofflight.MaintenanceperformedbythePICis
limitedtorepairingsmallcracks,replacingapropeller,checkingelectrical
connectionsandupdatingsoftwareandfirmwarefortheon-boardcomputer.All
othermaintenancewillbeperformedbythemanufacturerortheirdesignated
repairfacility.ThePICwilldocumentworkperformedinaccordancewith91.417.
Wefeelthatduetothesize,construction,andsimplicityoftheaircraft,thePICcan
ensureanequivalentlevelofsafety.

8900.227Paragraph16(c)(4)PICMedical.andParagraph16(e)(1)Observer
Medical.
ThispolicyprovidesthatboththePICandVOmusthaveavalidFAAsecond-class
medicalcertificateissuedunderpart67inordertoperformasapilotorobserver.

TheUAmaximumgrossweightis6.5 pounds,itisconstructedofcarbonfiberand
plasticandthePICisnotonboard.BoththePICandtheVOarerequiredtobein
VLOS.GiventheunlikelyeventthatboththePICandVObecomemedically
incapacitatedwhiletheaircraftisinflight,theUAwillreturnautonomouslytothe
siteoflaunchingandlandwithoutcrewintervention.Therefore,requiringthePIC
andVOtomeetthesamemedicalrequirementsasacommercialpilotcarrying
passengersinalargeaircraftisanunnecessaryburden.

WeproposethattheminimummedicalrequirementsforthePICandVObevision
correctedto20/20andavalid,stateissueddriver'slicense.The20/20vision
requirementwillensurethatthePICandVOcanseeandavoidairtraffic;alicensed
driverismedicallyqualifiedtooperateamuchlargervehicle.
                                APPENDIXA­ FLIGHTMANUAL

FLIGHTRESTRICTIONS
         (a)NoflightwillbemadewithaUAGrossweightexceeding55pounds;
         (b)AlloperationsmustoccurinFAAClassGairspaceatnomorethan400'
         AGL,atanairspeedofnomorethan25knotsandnofurtherthan1 NMfrom
         thePIC;
         (c)Alloperationsmustutilizeavisualobserver (VO).TheVOandPICmust
         beableto communicateverballyatalltimesduringaflightoperation;
         (d)Operationswillberestrictedtoflightsoverprivatepropertywiththe
         permissionofthepropertyowner;
         (e) ThePICmusthaveaccumulatedandlogged,inamannerconsistentwith
         14CFR§61.51 (b),aminimumof100flightcyclesand25hoursoftotal
         timeasaUArotorcraftpilotandat leasttenhoursloggedasaUApilotwith
         asimilarUAtype;
         (f)Allrequiredpermitswillbeobtainedfromstateandlocalgovernment
         priortooperation;
         (g) TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverdenselypopulatedareas;
         (h)TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedatairshows;
         (i)TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoveranyopen-airassemblyofpeople;

         (j)TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverheavilytraffickedroads;
         (k)TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedwithin5NMofanairportorheliport;

         (l)TheAA Systemwillnotbeoperatedoverpropertiessmallerthantwo
         acresinsize;
         (m) Operationswillberestrictedtodayonlyandweatherconditions
         equivalenttoVFR;
         (n)ThePICwillbrieftheVOandpropertyownerabouttheoperationand
         riskbeforethe firstflightateachnewlocation;
         (o)NoflightmaybemadewithoutasuccessfulPre-FlightInspectionbythe
         PICbeforeeach operationtoascertainthattheUAisinaconditionsafefor
         flight.
PRE-FLIGHTCHECKLIST
(1)TransmitterandUAfirmwareisuptodate;
(2)Determine thatUAbatteryisfullychargedinordertoprevent
unexpectedprematuredescent;
(3)Checkallwiringconnectionsandpropsaretight andlocked;
(4)Positiontransmitterantennaeintheuppositiontomaximizesignalstrength;
(5)Checkallpropellersareundamagedandnocracksexistinanystructural
membersoftheUA;
(6)Turnonradiocontroller,checkforadequatevoltage,setittoconnecttotheUA,
moveallcontrolswitchestoforwardordownpositionandthrottlecontrolstickfull
backposition;
(7)ConnectUAmainbattery,checkfor radiocontactwithUA'sradioreceiver;
(8)Atalocationdifferentfrompreviousflight,re-setGPSandcompasstocurrent
location;
(9)Turnontransmitter,gimbalandcamera;
(10)CalibrateUAcompassaccordingtoinstructionsoutlinedinusermanual;
(11)Adjustminimumautomatedreturnheightforlocation;
(12)Selectaclearfrequencyfortransmitter;
(13)Insurethatlaunchareaissafeandclearofpeople;
(14)Warnbystandersoftakeoff;
(15)Hoveratlowaltitudefor20seconds,lookandlistenforproblems;
(16)Confirmexpectedstickoperationwhilehovering;
(17)Alwaysmonitorbatterypowerandsignalstrength;
(18)MaintainlineofsightoperationwiththeUAatalltimes
