August 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12418
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2201

Mr. William J. Sadler
Alaska Aerial Productions
381 Senior Court # 106
Kenai, AK 99611

Dear Mr. Sadler:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Alaska Aerial Productions (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Alaska Aerial Productions is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Alaska Aerial Productions is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

May 21, 2015
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R.
61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, William J. Sadler, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to
request that I, William J. Sadler holder of both a Commercial Pilots (#
1781355) and Mechanic (# 2021362) Certificates utilizing my acquired
skills and knowledge in the proper operation of my UAS's and the owner
and operator of small unmanned aircraft ("N" number is being applied for
and reservation number of N99611 requested), be exempted from the
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, William J.
Sadler, may operate my small ultra light weight unmanned aircraft system
("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA"). As described herein I, William J. Sadler, have
added a professional grade quad-copter UAS Inspire 1 to my inventory
equipped with a DJI Zenmuse H3 camera with intent for aerial
videography/cinematography to enhance and promote Alaska Tourism for
those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of
Alaska and pursue implementation of emergency use UAS systems with
public entities; following exemption and approval by the FAA. This will allow
for enhancement of the tourism experience for the state of Alaska. I have
flown small quad copter's for over two years without incident. I am
committed to safety with each and every flight. My, William J Sadler
exemption request would permit operations of ultralight weight, unmanned
(piloted by remote
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

control) and comparatively inexpensive UASs in tightly controlled and
limited airspace, predetermined in areas away from general public, airports,
heliports and motor vehicle traffic for community videos and within property
boundaries for individual home or real estate listing videos/photos.
Currently, similar lightweight remote-controlled you UAS's are legally
operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyist with no safety plan or controls
in place to prevent safety issues. I William J Sadler, have personally
installed necessary safety protocols, and checklists prior to operation. This
will act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight UAS's specific to
real estate and tourism video and photography used as I, William J Sadler,
record flight data and other information gained through permitted flight
operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to
assist with future protocol and safety regulations. I, William J. Sadler hold
both a Commercial Pilots (# 1781355) and Mechanic (# 2021362)
Certificates and will utilize my acquired skills and knowledge in the proper
operation of my UAS's. Granting my, William J. Sadler, request comports
with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities
and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system,
but too "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of
the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for Aerial Surveying and
Search and Rescue Systems. Further I, William J. Sadler, will conduct my
operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as
otherwise established by the FAA. For the reasons stated below I, William
J. Sadler, respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing me to
operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for tourism specifically
and overall community awareness to benefit and stimulate attraction to
Alaska and to enhance real estate listing and tourism videos for individuals
and organizations who are unable to afford expensive manned aircraft for
the same purpose. Both of which will promote local economic growth
through increased employment and increased tax base both with public
safety in mind by keeping significantly heavier manned aircraft containing
combustible fuel posing potential public hazard.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

I. Contact Information:

William J. Sadler - Alaska Aerial Promotions
381 Senior Court # 106 Kenai, Alaska 99611
Mobile: (907)-953-0092
Email: Bluesdown@aol.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations From Which William J. Sadler's Requests
Exemption
are:

14 CFR 21;
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and, 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

III. The Extent of relief William J. Sadler seeks and the
Reason He Seeks Such Relief:

I, William J. Sadler submit this application in accordance with the Reform
Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable
FARs operating to prevent me, William J. Sadler, from commercial aerial
video and still cinematic, and other flight operations within the national
airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace
system as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, William J. Sadler's, ultra
light weight UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as
defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my ultra light weight
UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate
my ultra light weight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform Act
requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby,
providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation
that can be administered uniformly to all real estate and tourism related
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

UAS aerial video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in
determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national
airspace system. Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and
overall capabilities of the UAS's; whether the UAS will be operated near
airports or heavily populated areas; and, whether the UAS will be operated
by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflects in favor
of an exemption for me, William J. Sadler. My UAS utilizes four (4) counter-
rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. My UAS is equipped
with GPS and auto return safety technology. Additionally, my UAS weighs
less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit); including
camera with gimbal.

I, William J, Sadler, consider safety foremost with each flight. My small,
unmanned aircraft is designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in
less than a 24 knot (15 mph) wind. For safety, stability and concern of
financial loss, I will not fly in winds exceeding 16 kph (10 mph). Built-in
safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover in place
when radio controls are released. With three modes to choose from, I
utilize the (GPS) Smart Mode for aerial videography/photography. This is
the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accident and hazard.
When pilot communication is lost UAS is designed to slowly descend to the
point of take off. I do not operate my UAS near airports, hospitals nor
heliports, and do not operate near areas where general public is within fifty
to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions and
weather. I am constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical
helicopters, general and commercial aviation etc.) and prepared to
land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a
manned aircraft approach my location or I suspect manned aircraft may
approach near my location. I will call in to local Air Traffic Control to alert of
my flight plan and operations as well as calling back when operations are
complete. My UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and is
flown only within my line of sight of me, as the remote control pilot utilizing
battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between
twelve (10) to seventeen (17) minutes, with an altitude under two hundred
(200) feet.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

I, William J. Sadler, utilize a fully charged smart battery with each flight as a
safety precaution; full flight time limit for each battery is eighteen (18) to
twenty (20) minutes as tested. I do not operate my UAS at or below
manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for operation or exceed
temperature ratings of 0*F as per manufactures request; preferring to
remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate
communication between radio control and to eliminate potential for crash,
loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise
to insure replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I do not believe
in taking risk that may cause a crash that could create hazard to the
public/property/manned aircraft, and have made a significant investment
and have no desire to lose that investment. I have performed numerous
practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future
commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this
specific UAS's performance under different temperature and weather
conditions. I also practice computerized simulated flights to maintain
adequate skills and response reflex time.

I, William J. Sadler, am very cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light
weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the
small size and weight of my UAS it falls well within Congress's
contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform Act and the
corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace
system. I, William J. Sadler's UAS, used in hobby flight, has a
demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the general
public or national security.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

IV. How William J. Sadler Request Will Benefit the Public As
A Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical awareness for real estate, recreational
and tourism marketing has been around for a long time through manned
fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget production companies
and average homeowners, the expense of such aerial videography is cost
prohibitive. Only large companies and high end film companies can afford
to absorb such expense. This is where the option of less expensive
unmanned systems becomes affordable to anyone. Manned aircraft pose a
threat to the public through potential catastrophic crashes that Alaska has
come to expect every year. Kenai, Seward, and Homer areas are very busy
airspaces, which is why I am pursuing a 333 Exemption to be instrumental
and lead the way for other businesses and or enthusiast. My additional goal
is to prove to the public that my UAS can be used effectively in fire, police
or natural disaster relief as well as instructional training enhancement. I
have made contact with local police and fire agencies, and they are excited
about the potential value for their organizations.

My, William J. Sadler's UAS use, poses no threat since size and lack of
combustible fuel alleviates any potential threat to the public. Congress has
already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the
passing of the Reform Act. Granting my, William J. Sadler, exemption
request furthers the public interest through promotional/visual awareness of
the geographical benefits primarily in and around the Kenai Peninsula. My
ultra light weight UAS is battery powered and creates no emissions that
can harm the environment. The consequence of my ultra light weight UAS
crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which
are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
devastation to the public. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing
ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial video/photo capture through
my battery operated ultra light weight UAS's. Permitting me, William J.
Sadler, to immediately fly within national air space furthers economic
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

growth. Granting my exemption request substantially furthers the economic
impact for the Alaska communities for companies looking to relocate or
build in the Kenai Peninsula area as well as individuals looking to relocate
for career advancement, recreational, and or retirement through
geographical awareness, all of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why William J. Sadler's Exemption Will Not
Adversely Affect Safety or How The Exemption Will Provide
a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

My, William J. Sadler's exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the
contrary, for the reasons stated permitting me, William J. Sadler to log
more flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with communication with the
FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation and implementation of
new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols. I, William J. Sadler,
submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography, photography and aerial surveying aspects:

My UAS weighs less than 5 pounds complete with a small
ultra light weight high quality DJI Zenmuse H3 camera.
I only operate my UAS below 200 feet (well within the 400
foot permissible ceiling set by the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012.)
My UAS only operates for 12-17 minutes per flight.
I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum
level of battery power.
I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight.
My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers
and then slowly lands if communication with the remote
control pilot is lost.
I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information
to constantly update and enhance safety protocols.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are
strictly controlled, are away from power lines, towers, elevated lights,
airports and actively populated areas.
I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol,
during which safety carries primary importance.
I always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation.
I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of
safety breaches or potential danger.

My, William J. Sadler's , safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to
or exceeding existing rules. It is important to note that absent the
integration of commercial UAS into our national airspace system,
helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and photography for
community awareness, surveys, tourism and real estate. While the safety
record of such helicopters is remarkable; it is far safer to operate a battery
powered ultra light weight UAS.


First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's
carry no people on board and I only operates my UAS in
specific areas away from mass populations.
Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the
potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished.
Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my
UAS allow me to remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards
quickly and safely.
Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close
enough to capture amazing images, my UAS need not be so
close to the objects they are focused on through the
technology and use of post editing software allowing pan
and zoom.
Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for
familiarization/competency and will continue to operate at and above
current safety levels.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates,
Manuals and the Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness
Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight
and enclosed operational area of my, William J. Sadler's, UAS permits
exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The
FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's
from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as
airports and dense populations. My, William J. Sadler's, current and
projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs,
this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft
flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on board pilots or passengers,
and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight
manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and
32827. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable
insofar as my UAS utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a
barometric sensor. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying
of civil aircraft certifications and registrations. They are inapplicable for the
same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations
by me, William J. Sadler.
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

B. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-
commercial operations. I, William J. Sadler, can achieve an equivalent level
of safety as achieved by current Regulations because my UAS does not
carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not
ensure remote control piloting skills although I do hold a Commercial pilot's
license. The risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the
risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61,
et seq. Thus, allowing me, William J. Sadler, to operate my UAS meet and
exceed current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

C. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119
prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS
will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the
standard of 400 AGL. I, William J. Sadler, will however operate my UAS in
safe areas away from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least
equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given
the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or
higher level of safety will be achieved. D. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1);
409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections. The above-cited
Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to
"have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter. . ." These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to my, William J. Sadler's, UAS.
However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS before and after each
flight and I do hold a Mechanics certificate as well. A Summary The FAA
May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:
Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement
of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).
The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my UAS permits
exemption from Part 21 because my, William J. Sadler's, UAS meets an
Alaska Aerial Productions, Kenai, AK - Section 333 Exemption
Petition

equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The
FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's
from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as
airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the
elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9
(b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots
or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in
Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167,
maintenance program that involves regular firmware updates and curative
measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved.

In summary, William J. Sadler seeks an exemption from the
following Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113
(a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. §
91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. §
91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§
91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my, William J. Sadler, small
unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in community
awareness and real estate and tourist operations, and to develop economic
platforms for real estate to enhance the experience of those seeking to
Alaska Aerial Productions Kenai, AK- Section 333 Exemption
Petition

relocate to the Kenai Peninsula and/or the Alaska area. Currently, area
awareness and real estate aerial videography/photography relies primarily
on the use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel, posing potential
risk to the public. Granting my, William J. Sadler's, request for exemption
will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety. My UAS craft
does not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more
maneuverable than conventional real estate and tourism video and
photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to
and from established airfields. I, William J. Sadler, have been informally
analyzing flight information and will compile safety protocols and the
implementation of a flight operations manual for usage that exceeds
currently accepted means and methods for safe flight.

Formal collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the
FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel on board
my, William J. Sadler's, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My, William J. Sadler's,
operation of my UAS, weighing less than 5 pounds and traveling at lower
speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that
achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I, William J. Sadler's respectfully
request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am willing to
cooperate in sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned
aircraft, and the general public at large.

Respectfully,

William J. Sadler, Owner

Alaska Aerial Productions
381 Senior Court #106
Kenai, Alaska 99611
