September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12788
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1947

Mr. Alberto Medina
UAV DUDES, LLC
16365 Southwest 54 Terrace
Miami, FL 33185

Dear Mr. Medina:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May, 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Alberto Medina & UAV DUDES LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI FlameWheel 550.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Alberto Medina & UAV DUDEs LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Alberto Medina & UAV DUDES LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI
    FlameWheel550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                      UAV DUDES, L.L.C.
                                        16365 sw 54 ter.
                                         Miami, Fl 33185
                                         (786) 531-1958
                                        Info@uavdude.us

                                   Albertm105@gmail.com

May, 13, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Exemption Pursuant to Section 333

                 Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
                    Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14
                    CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 13 C.F.R. 61.133(a); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);

                  91.109;91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1);
                                                      91.409 (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s):

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act") and
14 C.F.R. Part 11, Alberto Medina & Uav Dudes , L.L.C., a Florida limited liability company, the

   operator of a DJI f550 ("UA"), seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
                                    ("FARs") as listed and discussed below.

  Alberto Medina & UAV DUDE LLC team has flown its UAs, for recreational purposes, for

  hundreds of hours without incident. Our UAs are equipped to take aerial videography and
photography to enhance awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the

geographical layout of certain areas and augment real estate listings and promote the use of
 certain real estate properties which provides an enhancement to academic research being

                          performed in certain geographical areas ("purpose").

    This exemption request for UAV Dudes and Alberto Medina will permit the operation of
comparatively inexpensive UAs in tightly controlled, predetermined and limited airspace. This
 airspace will include areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for
   community videos, and within property boundaries for real estate listing videos and photos.

The use of UAV Dudes LLC & Alberto Medina UAs for these purposes above reduces the need
to operate conventional aircraft, typically needed to perform these types of operations, provides
an economic benefit to the business consumer as our UAs provides higher quality imagery at a
fraction of the cost of aerial videography and photography using conventional aircraft. These
savings result in not only enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected activities but
added environmental and safety benefits to the public at large in Miami Dade County.

As described more fully below, Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC requested exemption would
authorize commercial operations of aerial videography and photography, using our UAs, which
will be operated under controlled conditions at an altitude of no greater than three hundred (300)
feet AGL in airspace that is limited in scope and will have automated control features including
failsafe's like Geo fencing not allowing for the UAs to fly outside set scope boundaries and a
Return to home feature when it is low on battery (25%). Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes UAs will
also be operated by an individual who has passed an FAA approved ground training exam, if
required by the FAA. As outlined below, the airspace in which Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes
LLC UAs will operate within will be disclosed to the FAA in advance to flight operation. Finally,
Alberto Medina & UAV Drone Dudes LLC UAs will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous
operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft which should
reassure the FAA that these operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level
of safety.

As discussed above and more fully described below, the requested exemption would permit the
   operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAs under controlled conditions in

 airspace that is limited and predetermined. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
   safety and fulfill the Administrator responsibilities to " ... establish requirements for the safe

 operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Please see Section 333(c)
                                                    of the Reform Act.

Additionally, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is essentially identical to
     the exemption being sought by UAV DUDES, L.L.C. Please see FAA Exemption No. 11138.

The name and address of the applicant is:

Alberto Medina & UAV DUDES, L.L.C.

16365 SW 54 ter.

Miami, Fl 33185

(786) 531-1958
            REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
13 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
14 C.F .R. 91.9(b )(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
     Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of

 Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate
   safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking
    required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the
    Secretary is required to determine which types of UAs do not create a hazard to
    users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the
                                                               following:
· The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

· Operation of the UAs in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

· Operation of the UAs within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the operator.

Reform Act§ 333 (a).

Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added). 1

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act; that includes UAs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49
USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs are rotorcraft weighing less than five (5) pounds
(2.26796 Kg) including energy source(s), equipment and any payload. They operate, under
normal conditions at a ground speed of no more than thirty (30) knots and have the capability to
hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAs will operate only
in line of sight and within safe. Such operations will insure that the UA will "not create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public."3

Given the small size of the UAs involved and the restricted environment within which they will
operate, Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC falls squarely within that zone of safety (an
equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow
commercial operations of UAs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UAs and
the restricted areas in which the relevant UAs will operate, approval of the application presents
no national security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the
authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of
safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including
enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated
with allowing UAs for aerial videography and photography operations, the grant of the requested
exemptions is in the public interest. Additionally, there is economic efficiency created with the
use of UAV Dudes LLC UAs as the typical cost to perform aerial videography and photography
with helicopters and airplanes heavily multiplies the cost to business consumers and
government agencies, including law enforcement, for the services which are to be provided by
UAV DUDES, L.L.C.
   THE EXTENT AND BASIS OF THE RELIEF SOUGHT BY Alberto Medina & UAV DUDES, L.L.C.

  Alberto Medina on behalf of UAV Dudes LLC submits this application in accordance with the
      Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs
     operating that presently prevents Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC from contemplated

commercial video-graphic, photographic and other flight operations within the national airspace
 system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft

     systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Alberto
  Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in
Section 331 and therefore the integration of Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC ultralight weight
UAs is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC would like
to operate its ultralight weight U As prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the

     FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and
  valuable information for formal regulation that can be administered uniformly to all real estate
  related UA aerial videography and photography. The Reform Act guides the Administrator in
  determining the types of UAs that may operate safely in our national airspace system. These
considerations include: weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAs; whether the UAs
will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas and; whether the UAs will be operated
by line of sight.4 Each of these items is favorable to the grant of an exemption to Alberto Medina

   & UAV Dudes LLC. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs utilize four (6) counter-rotating
      propellers for balance, control and stability. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs are

equipped with GPS barometer and auto return safety technology. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes
          LLC UAs weigh less than five (5) pounds including camera and gimbal assembly.

  4 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC puts safety first when considering
 any UA flight. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC small UAs are designed to hover in place via
GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (27 mph) wind. In order to increase safety plus stability
  and limit harm and financial loss of property, Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC will not fly its

   UAs in winds exceeding 15 knots (17 mph). Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC established
  safety systems include a GPS mode that allows its UAs to hover in place when radio controls
are released. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs have three modes to choose from, Alberto
 Medina & UAV Dudes LLC utilizes the Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) Flight (with GPS &

    compass module)5 for aerial videography and photography. This mode is the safest, most
   reliable and stable mode to prevent accidents and being a hazard to others furthermore if a
GPS failure was encountered the onboard barometer would take over and the UA would remain
in Hover position. When pilot communication is lost, Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC UAs are
  designed to return then slowly descend to the point of takeoff. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes

      LLC does not operate its UAs near airports, hospitals, police heliports or news channel
 heliports. Alberto Medina & UAV Dudes LLC does not operate its UAs in areas where general

    public is within fifty (50) to one hundred (100) yards depending on location, conditions and
 weather. UAV Dudes LLC pilots and observers are constantly on alert for any manned aircraft
  and prepared to immediately abort and land the U A at the nearest and safest ground point in
  the event a manned aircraft approaches or the UAV Dudes LLC pilot or observer suspects a
  manned aircraft may approach the operating area of a UAV Dudes LLC UA. UAV Dudes LLC
UAs are capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only within my line of sight
of the pilot. UAV Dudes LLC UA flights generally last fifteen (20) minutes with an altitude under
  three hundred (300) and utilize battery power rather than combustible fuels. UAV Dudes LLC
  does not operate its UAs below the manufacturer's recommended minimum charge levels for
        operation preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate

   communication between radio control and the UAs to eliminate potential for crashes, loss of
 control or hazard. Fully charged reserve batteries are on hand with to insure replacement for a

   sufficiently safe level of operation. UAV Dudes LLC operates very conservatively and does
believe in taking risks that may cause a crash or that could create hazard to the public, property
 and manned aircraft. UAV Dudes LLC pilots have logged numerous practice flights in order to
  simulate flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this

           specific UA's performance under different temperature and weather conditions.

UAV DUDES, L.L.C is extremely cautious when operating of its UAs and will not "create a hazard to
  users of the national airspace system or the public."6 Given the small size and weight of UAV

DUDES, L.L.C UAs, they fall well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated
    the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAs into the national airspace

system. UAV DUDES, L.L.C Photography's UAs, utilized in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety
              record and do not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

                               UAV Dudes LLC REQUEST WILL BENEFIT THE PUBLIC

                                                               AT LARGE

 Aerial videography and photography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing
  and promotion has been around for a long time through the use of manned fixed wing aircraft
  and helicopters. The challenge for smaller real estate companies and average landowners is
that the expense related to manned videography and photography is cost prohibitive. Typically,
only large businesses, large high end real estate companies and high net worth landowners are
   able to absorb such an enormous expense. This deprives non-luxury landowners and small
   revenue real estate companies from the enjoying the benefit of this valuable marketing and
   promotional tool. Manned aircraft pose a clear threat to the general public through potential
   catastrophic crashes that may occur. There are many documented events where a manned

    aircraft has crashed into populated areas with the size and combustibility of these manned
  aircraft causing large property damage, human injuries and loss of life. UAV Dudes LLC UAs
   pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any of these potential

                                                   threat to the public.

 With the passage of the Reform Act, Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's
interest to integrate commercially flown UAs into the national airspace system. The grant of the
 exemption request by UAV Dudes LLC furthers the public interest through academic and visual

    awareness of the geographical benefits of certain areas and by making this cost effective
  alternative available to small real estate companies and the average landowner. UAV Dudes

        LLC ultralight UAs are battery powered and create no emissions that may harm the
  environment. In the unlikely event of a UAV Dudes LLC UA crash, the consequence is far less
 than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, which are heavy and contain combustible fuel,

                        crashing and causing catastrophic devastation to the public.
 The public's interest is furthered as UAV Dudes LLC minimizes ecological and crash threat by
    permitting aerial videography and photography captured through UAV Dudes LLC battery

operated ultralight UA's. Permitting UAV Dudes LLC to immediately fly within national air space
                             furthers not only public safety but economic growth.

Granting UAV Dudes LLC exemption request substantially furthers the economic impact for any
   community and for companies looking to relocate or build in a certain community as well as
  individuals looking to relocate to a community for career advancement through academic and
       geographical awareness provided by UAV Dudes LLC. In the end, the granting of this
       exemption to UAV Dudes LLC will serve as a benefit and stimulus to any community.

   UAV Dudes LLC EXEMPTION WILL NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY AND WILL PROVIDE A
                    LEVEL OF SAFETY AT LEAST EQUAL TO EXISTING FAA STANDARDS

UAV Dudes LLC exemption will not adversely affect safety, as it will in fact enhance safety. UAV
    Dudes LLC ability to log significant, controlled and monitored flight time in FAA controlled

 airspace will allow UAV Dudes LLC to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new,
     novel and undiscovered safety protocols for realtors that may be embraced by the NAR2

through consistent and ongoing cooperation with the FAA. Additionally, the FAA may utilize the
        new safety protocols for the use of UAs in FAA controlled airspace for all industries.

UAV Dudes LLC submits the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography:
· UAV Dudes LLC UAs weigh less than 5 pounds (2.26796 Kg) complete with the camera and
gimbal assembly;
· UAV Dudes LLC will only operate its UAs below three hundred (300) feet which is well within
the four hundred ( 400) feet ceiling having been established by the
Reform Act of2012;
. UAV Dudes LLC UAs only operate for fifteen (15) minutes per flight;
· UAV Dudes LLC lands its UAs prior to manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery
power;
. UAV Dudes LLC pilots operate the UAs through Visual Line of Sight only;
· UAV Dudes LLC UAs have a GPS flight safety feature whereby the UA hovers and then slowly
lands if communication with the pilot is lost;

UAV Dudes LLC actively analyzes its flight data and other sources of Information to constantly
update and enhance its safety protocols;
· UAV Dudes LLC only operates in reasonably safe environments which are strictly controlled
and away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;

· UAV Dudes LLC conducts extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol to ensure safety
remains the primary concern;

· UAV Dudes LLC always obtains all necessary permissions from the FAA and landowners prior
to the operation its UAs and;

· UAV Dudes LLC has established safety procedures in place to abort flights in the event of
safety breaches or any potential danger.

UAV Dudes LLC safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing FAA
rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAs into our national
airspace system, manned fixed wing airplanes and helicopters are the primary means of aerial
videography and photography for community awareness and real estate uses. While the safety
record of such helicopters is outstanding, there have been incidents involving loss of life as well
as extensive property damage due to crashes of these manned aircraft and it is far safer and
less expensive to operate a battery powered UAV Dudes LLC ultralight UAs to accomplish the
same task. The potential for loss of life is great diminished with a UA as UAV Dudes LLC UAs
carry no people or fuel on board and the UAs are also very small and versatile which allows
UAV Dudes LLC to avoid hazards quickly and safely.

Accordingly, UAV Dudes LLC respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

                            AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

 UAV Dudes LLC proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have
 the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide

      for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
  regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
  operations conducted with conventional aircraft. The FAA has noted in past exemptions that

      "Conventional aerial video operations, using jet or piston-powered aircraft present risks
associated with aircraft that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000 to 7,000 pounds or more, carry

  large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly to and
                       from the survey location. Please see FAA Exemption 11110.

These limitations and conditions to which UAV Dudes LLC agrees to be bound when conducting
                           all operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

1. The UAs will weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg).
2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be fifteen (20) minutes. Flights will be
terminated at twenty five percent (25%) battery power reserve should that occur prior to the
fifteen (20) minute limit.

3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300) feet AGL.

4. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UA Pilot and a Visual Observer ("VO").

5. The UAs will only operate within a safe area.

6. A briefing will be conducted with regard to the planned UA operations prior to flight
operations. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties with regard to
the flight operations be present for this briefing.

7. The Pilot and VO will have been trained in operation of UAs generally and received up-to-date
information on the particular UA to be operated and the UA will be operated in conformity with
UAV Dudes LLC protocols.

8. The PILOT and VO will at all times be able to communicate via voice communication.

9. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holder(s), or their authorized
representative(s), will be obtained.

10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.

11. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to the launch site of
the UA, or another more appropriate site, and land.

12. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies.

  14 C.F.R. PART 21, SUBPART H: AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATES 14 C.F.R. §91.203
                                                           (A) (1)

 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
  issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1 ). Given the size and

      limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by UAV Dudes LLC, an
exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and

 Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
    for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational

  capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UA. In all cases, an
analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without an airworthiness certificate,

    in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or
    safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness

                         certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

    The UAs to be operated hereunder is less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) fully loaded,
  carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels,
 and operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
       exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, and under the
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the
area of operation as is now done with conventional aerial videography and photography. Lastly,

    application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national
   security posed by the UAs, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of
  explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

                          14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (B). MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

      The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
       registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
 experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
   near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
     more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or

                                             "provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the
   U As will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the words "limited,"
 "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," may be placed. Given the size of the
 UAs, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "experimental," or any other term as is so
          required, will be placed on the fuselage of the UAs in compliance with §45.29 (t).

   The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAs marked on its fuselage as
  required by §45.29 (t) where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAs will see the
identification of the UAs as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this

                     regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(A) & (B); 61.133(A): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS;
 PILOT IN COMMAND; COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN
                                                        COMMAND

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UA in this case is remotely controlled
with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with
a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. UAV
Dudes LLC respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UA. UAV Dudes LLC UAs have various built-in technical
capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set
forth in the exemption application including a fly back to launch point to terminate the flight.
Since hobbyists are not required to have a pilot license, UAV Dudes LLC requests exemption
for the need of the pilot to be licensed as a pilot by the FAA.
·Detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an immediate return to launch location.

· Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at 30% and 15% levels.

· The aircraft weighs less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), fully loaded.

Given these safety features, UAV Dudes LLC proposes that operators of the UAs should only
be required to hold a private pilot's license and not a commercial pilot's license. UAV Dudes
LLC notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of UAs by operators
with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where the mandatory
operating conditions specified above are present. Please see Federal Aviation Administration,
Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at 20-21 (July 30,
2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot
requirements for commercial operations. Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent
level of safety will be provided by allowing operation of UAV Dudes LLC UAs without a
commercial pilot's license, under the conditions set forth herein. The risks associated with the
operation of UAV Dudes LLC UAs (given its size, speed, operational capabilities, and lack of
combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated with private pilot operations
or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAs as set forth above meets or exceeds the present
level of safety provided under 14 C.P.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of
requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under §61.133(a).

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAs will
not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PILOT operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate these small UAs. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAs are remotely controlled with
no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance. The level of safety provided by UAV Dudes LLC exceeds
that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a
conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the UAs are so diminished from
the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted,
that allowing operations of the UAs as requested with a private pilot as the PILOT exceeds the
present level of safety achieved by 14 C.P.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

                        14 C.F.R. §91.7(A): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS
    The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
      condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
   exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements for maintenance and use of safety check lists

                                                    prior to each flight

        14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (B) (2): CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

  Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft ... (2) For
  which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless

     there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. The UAs, given
 their size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft,

  not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry
                                             such an item on the aircraft.

 The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping at the ground control point where
    the pilot flying the UAs will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following

exemptions to this regulation: Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A,
                          9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,32827, and 10700.

                                  14 C.F.R. § 91.103: PREFLIGHT ACTION

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the
safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided. The PILOT will take all
 actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances

                           and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

                                 14 C.F.R. §91.109: FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

    Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
   balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
   controls. UAs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with
   the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training

      without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
experimental aircraft. Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of
safety is provided as neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size

                                               and speed of the aircraft.
                             14 C.F.R. §91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119( d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this

  exemption is for UAs that are a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at
    altitudes up to three hundred (300) feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such

 operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions, the UAs will never operate at
 higher than three hundred (300) feet AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted area with
 security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their

                                                   pertained consent.

 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAs as well
as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property

     owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner(s), or their
      authorized representative(s), all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations. When one compares the flight operations proposed herein with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far in excess of the less than five ( 5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and the lack of flammable
     fuel, any risk associated with these proposed operations is far less than those presently
    presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below five hundred (500) feet AGL. In
addition, the low altitude operations of the UAs will ensure separation between these small UAs
  operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

                                 14 C.F.R. §91.121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS

    This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
       reference to an altimeter that is set " ... to the elevation of the departure airport or an

appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the UA may not have a barometric
   altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent

level of safety will be achieved by the operator, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown
                                    on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS
 Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of

                             intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed-
                          (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
(2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." UAV Dudes LLC believes that an equivalent level of
safety can be achieved by limiting flights to fifteen (15) minutes or thirty percent (30%) of battery power
    whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAs to their
    planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been
             granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

    14 C.F.R. §91.203 (A) AND (B): CARRYING CIVIL AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION AND
                                                    REGISTRATION

                                    The regulation provides in pertinent part:
 (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it

                                                       the following:
                         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate....

     (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
 paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed

              at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

            The UAs fully loaded weight is no greater than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and is
 operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and

                                registration documents or to display them on the UA.
       An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
 control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them to the extent they
      are applicable to the UA. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
   representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,

                                                9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

         14 C.F.R. §91.405 (A); 407 {A) (1); 409 (A) (2); 417(A) & (B): MAINTENANCE
                                                     INSPECTIONS
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
 prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided

   in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
      chapter ... ," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43

    Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
    these sections will not apply to UAV Dudes LLC. Maintenance will be accomplished by the
operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety will
  be achieved because these small U As are very limited in size and will carry a small payload
  and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the
 UAs may land immediately and will be operating from no higher than three-hundred (300) feet
AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAs are in working order prior to initiating flight, perform
required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is
 the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy

                              condition to provide the equivalent level of safety..

Pursuant to 14 C.F .R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
      Register, should it be determined that publication is needed UAV Dudes LLC seeks an
                                        exemption from the following rules:

  14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9 (b)
 (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1 );
 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned

               vehicle weighing less than fifty-five (55) pounds (25 Kg) in its operations.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAs in the purposes outlined above
(or similar operations) will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial videography and
photography operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just

       feet from the object being photographed and often in extreme proximity to people and
structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of four
 thousand ( 4,000) pounds, carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (one hundred and forty

     (140) gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must fly to and from the site's location. In
     contrast, a UA weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) pounds and powered by
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel
     carried on board. The UA is carried to the site of the purposes outlined above (or similar
  operations) and not flown to the site. The UA will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore,

                will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

 The operation of small UAs, weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), conducted in the
strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of
 the exemptions requested herein, including exempting UAV Dudes LLC from the requirements
    of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow
  speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than
 conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the

                                                  ground and people.

                                                        PRIVACY

 All flights will occur over private, controlled or approved property with the property owner's, or
   their authorized representative, prior consent and knowledge. The aerial videography and

photography will be of structures and property whose owner, or authorized representative, has
  consented to the aerial videography and photography or otherwise have agreed to be in the
  area where aerial videography and photography will take place. The grant of this exemption
                            request will provide improved safety in all operations.

   Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of2012- size, weight,
  speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within

    visual line of sight and national security- provide more than adequate justification for the
    granting of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of UAV Dudes LLC

                                                  Photography's UAs.

              SUMMARY OF UAV Dudes LLC REQUEST FOR AN FAA EXEMPTION

 1. UAV Dudes LLC UAs must weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), including energy
source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by the grant of an exemption are limited to the
following aircraft: UAV Dudes LLC UA aircraft variant, bearing serial #PH645210898 onward as
additional UAs are utilized by UAV Dudes LLC provided the additional UAs are of the same or
similar specifications as the UA bearing serial# PH645210898. Any proposed operations of any

               other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

    2. UAV Dudes LLC UAs may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding thirty (30) knots.

3. UAV Dudes LLC flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300)
  feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures. All altitudes reported to ATC
                                                 must be in feet AGL.
   4. UAV Dudes LLC UAs must be operated within the VLOS of the PILOT at all times. This

requires the PILOT to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
                                                          lenses.
 5. All UAV Dudes LLC operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PILOT always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PILOT must

                                 be able to communicate verbally at all times.

6. Prior to each flight the PILOT must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight.
   If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UA, the aircraft is

 prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UA is
found to be in a condition for safe flight. A Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included.
in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the

                                                     aircraft records.

7. Any UA that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UA's operation or flight
 characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test
flight. The PILOT who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UA's aircraft
                                                  records of the flight.

    8. UAV Dudes LLC must follow the manufacturer's UA aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
  maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements
    must be established and identified. At a minimum, requirements for the following may be

               included in protocols and controls to be established by UAV Dudes LLC:
                                                  a. Actuators/Servos;

                                           b. Transmission (single rotor);
                                               c. Power plant (motors);
                                                      d. Propellers;

                                           e. Electronic speed controller;
                                                        f. Batteries;

                              g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
                                         h. Remote command and control;

                                     1. Ground control station (if used); and
                       J. Any other components as determined by UAV Dudes LLC.

 10. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar operations), the
 PILOT must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), a
  minimum of twenty-five (25) hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot (single blade or multi-
 rotor) and at least ten (1 0) hours logged as a UA pilot with multi -rotor U A which is similar to
 the UA to be utilized pursuant to this exemption. Prior documented flight experience that was

    obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training,
       proficiency, and experience-building flights must be conducted under an exemption to
       accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and
     experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
        nonparticipants, and the PILOT must operate the UA with appropriate distance from

                            nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

  11. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar operations), the
 PILOT must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), a
 minimum of five (5) hours as a UA pilot operating the make and model ofUAs to be utilized for
 operations under the exemption and three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings in the preceding
 ninety (90) days. Training~ proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing currency
flights can be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and

   ninety (90) day currency. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and
        landing currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
        nonparticipants, and the PILOT must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
                            nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

  12. UAV Dudes LLC shall not permit the PILOT to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
  videography or photography (or similar operations), unless the PILOT has demonstrated and
 logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
 manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive

     and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
                                                vehicles and structures.

  13. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting
    personnel and persons, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the
                           surface in the event of a UA's failure or an emergency.

   14. At all times, those persons must be essential to the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations). Because these procedures are specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or
aviation safety inspector approval is necessary for reductions to the distances specified in UAV

                                                  Dudes LLC manuals.

         15. UAV Dudes LLC flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
                   nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from
                the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
              nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where

           nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
                                        operations must cease immediately and/or;
    b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller
         of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PILOT has made
         a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that
         it does not present an undue hazard, and;

    c. Operations nearer to the PILOT, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
         present an undue hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

16. If the UAs lose communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAs must return to a pre-
determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered.

17. The UAs must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

18. Each UA operation must be completed within fifteen (15) minutes flight time or with thirty
percent (30%) battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

19. UAV Dudes LLC must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This
COA will also require UAV Dudes LLC to request a Notice to Airman (NOT AM) not more than
seventy-two (72) hours in advance, but not less than forty eight ( 48) hours prior to the
operation.

20. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

21. UAV Dudes LLC has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the UA's
maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component
parts, and the total time in service of the UAs.

22. Each UA operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

         23. The preflight inspection section in UAV Dudes LLC Confidential Protocols and
         Controls Exhibit includes the following requirement: The preflight inspection must
         account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not
         covered in the relevant preflight inspection.
24. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

25. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PILOT at the Ground Control Station, if utilized, of the UA at any time the UA is
operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

26. UAV Dudes LLC UAs must remain clear and yield the right of way to         all

other manned operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight

vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

27. UAV Dudes LLC UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR §
  1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
                        under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

28. UAV Dudes LLC UAs may not be operated by the PILOT from any moving device or vehicle.

29. UAV Dudes LLC UAs may not be operated less than five-hundred (500) feet below or less
than two-thousand (2,000) feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than three (3)

                                           statute miles from the PILOT.

30. UAV Dudes LLC UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within five (5) nautical miles of the geographic center of

a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter
  of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in

accordance with a NOT AM as required by the UAV Dudes LLC COA. The letter of agreement

    with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

31. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
  of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UA
  Integration Office (AFS-80) within twenty-four (24) hours. Accidents must be reported to the

National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
                                                     www.ntsb.gov.

    32. UAV Dudes LLC UAs, the UA's PILOT, and the UA's operations must comply with all
          applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

As mentioned above, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is essentially
identical to the exemption being sought by UAV Dudes LLC in this petition for an exemption.

                                   Please see FAA Exemption No. 11138.
