April 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11291
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0972

Mr. Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
Attorney for Altavian, Inc.
The Aviation Law Firm
1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway Suite 300
Annapolis, MD 21401

Dear Mr. Winton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 18, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Altavian, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct data collection for natural resources and conservation, construction and
infrastructure, precision agriculture, and inspection and monitoring.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Nova F6500.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Altavian, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§
61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                           3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Altavian, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Nova F6500 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

6. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

7. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

8. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

9. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

10. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

11. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

12. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

13. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
                                                                                                            5

    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

14. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

15. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

16. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

18. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

19. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

20. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                                                                               6

       Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
       as large as practicable.

   22. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   23. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   24. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   25. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   26. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   27. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    29. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    30. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                              DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _______________

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                            ALTAVIAN, INC.

    FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

 SECTIONS 14 C.F.R 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND
                    91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING OPERATION OF THE

NOVA F6500 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                             Submitted on November 18, 2014

                                                             GREGORY S. WINTON, ESQ.
                                                             JARED M. ALLEN, ESQ.
                                                             THE AVIATION LAW FIRM
                                                             1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                             Suite 300
                                                             Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                             Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                             Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                             Attorneys for Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................6

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................7
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH ALTAVIAN, INC.
    SEEKS EXEMPTION ...................................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF ALTAVIAN, INC. SEEKS AND THE REASON
    ALTAVIAN, INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF ..................................................................10
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING ALTAVIAN, INC.'S REQUEST WOULD BE
    IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .....................................................................................11
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................15
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........31
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT ALTAVIAN, INC.'S REQUEST ........................................................32
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................32

                                                          2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
ATC          Above Ground Level
AV           Air Traffic Control
COA          Aerial Vehicle
FAA          Certificate of Authorization
FAR          Federal Aviation Administration
FDEP         Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS          Florida Department of Environmental Protection
NAS          Ground Control Station
PIC          National Airspace System
Section 333  Pilot In Command
UA           FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC          Visual Flight Rules
             Visual Meteorological Conditions

             3
                                                   SUMMARY
         Altavian, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
This exemption will permit Altavian, Inc. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for
the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over the New River Regional Land
Fill located in Union County, Florida.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Altavian, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Altavian") is an unmanned aircraft solutions
provider that integrates engineering and manufacturing with services that enable the technology
for federal, state, local, and commercial clients. Altavian is focused on providing solutions for
utilizing unmanned aircraft to safely and efficiently collect data that is precise, accurate, and
timely.
         Altavian's mission is to use unmanned aircraft to simplify and increase the effectiveness
of data collection in: Natural Resources and Conservation, Construction and Infrastructure,
Precision Agriculture, as well as Inspection and Monitoring.
         As set forth in this Petition, Altavian seeks to operate its Nova F6500 UAS over the New
River Regional Landfill located near Raiford1 in Union County, Florida. Specifically, the Nova
F6500 UAS will be used to collect topographic data that is critical to conducting capacity
calculations, estimating the remaining life of the landfill, and ensuring compliance with the
regulations set forth by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP).

1 Raiford is a town in Union County, Florida, United States. The population was 187 at the 2000
census. As of 2004, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 193.

                                                          4
                                               BACKGROUND
                         Unmanned Aircraft System: Altavian Nova F6500 UAS
         Altavian seeks an exemption to operate the Altavian Nova F6500 UAS (also known as
the Nova Block III UAS), Serial No. 3016, registration number N6682B2, for compensation or
hire within the national airspace system ("NAS"). The Nova F6500 UAS is comprised of an
amphibious unmanned aircraft (UA) and a transportable ground control station. The Nova
F6500 UA has a maximum gross weight of approximately fifteen (15) pounds, while having a
wingspan of 108 inches and a length of 65 inches. The Nova F6500 UA is equipped with a
single propeller driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.

                                           Figure 1: The Nova F6500 UA.
2 A copy of the FAA Registry information for Altavian's Nova F6500 UAS, registration number
N6682B, is attached hereto as Exhibit A, which is submitted with exhibits containing proprietary
information, to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                                                          5
                   Proven Operational History of the Nova F6500 UAS in the NAS
         The Nova F6500 UAS (also known as the Nova Block III) is currently operating safely
within the NAS pursuant to approximately fifteen (15) Certificates of Authorization ("COA")
granted by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") to the Middle Tennessee State
University; Sinclair Community College in Dayton, Ohio; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
(Jacksonville District and Mobile District); Mississippi State University for the Pearl River
Basin; and the University of Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be operating the
Nova F6500 UAS pursuant to additional COAs in the foreseeable future, pending approval by
the FAA.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Altavian, Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the provisions
of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to operate the Nova F6500 UAS in the national airspace system, and
for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Altavian's operation of the Nova F6500 UAS meets the
conditions of Section 333 and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
         Therefore, Altavian requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

                                                          6
         Altavian submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will
be ensured. Altavian, as the manufacturer of the Nova F6500 UAS, will use its technicians to
perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. Furthermore, Altavian will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
Nova F6500 UAS.

         Altavian also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1), Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Altavian submits that safety will not be affected by
terminating flights of the battery powered Nova F6500 UA after 90 minutes of continuous
operation or with 20% remaining battery power (whichever occurs first).

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Altavian provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:
                  Altavian, Inc.
                  1724 NE 2nd Street
                  Gainesville, Florida 32609

         The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:
                  Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                  The Aviation Law Firm
                  1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway, Suite 300
                  Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                  Tel: (301) 294-8550 | Fax: (866) 568-9886
                  Email: Greg@aviationlawexperts.com

                                                          7
B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption.

         1. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)(1),

states the following:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes[.]

         2. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         3. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
         chapter[.]

         4. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1)
                  and 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                                                          8
         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
         21 of this chapter.

         5. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a)
                  and 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
         100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
         for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance
         of an aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
         performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
         to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
         to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances
         are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
         revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
         when the next action is required.

                                                          9
         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
         to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
         work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
         chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.
C. The Extent Of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks The Relief.
         1. Extent of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks Relief From

                  Section 91.151(a)(1).
         Relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the
battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in visual flight rules (VFR) conditions to
continue for a total duration of 90 minutes, or until 20% battery power is remaining (whichever
occurs first). Altavian seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section
91.151(a)(1), the flight time duration of the battery powered Nova F6500 UA will be reduced by
one third, which would severely constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research
operations that Altavian proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.
         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Nova F6500 UAS, the
Nova Operations Manual, and Altavian's proposed operating limitations, ensure that Altavian
will safely operate the battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions
for a total duration of 90 minutes, or until 20% battery power is remaining (whichever occurs
first).

                                                         10
         2. Extent of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks Relief From
                  Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Altavian requests relief from these Sections
because the Nova F6500 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more
fully below, the Nova F6500 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 for operation without an
airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Altavian, which manufactures the Nova F6500 UAS, will
use Altavian technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore, Altavian will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the Nova F6500 UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Altavian's Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As a Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Altavian to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research over the New River
Regional Land Fill located near Raiford in Union County, Florida. As set forth below, the Nova
F6500 UAS will be used to collect critical data about the bioreactor landfill, which is the first of
its kind in Florida. Additionally, use of the Nova F6500 UAS will decrease congestion of the
NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of
the proposed operation of the Nova F6500 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy
issues.
         1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research

                  Performed.
         Altavian submits this Petition to perform aerial acquisitions and research in support of the
New River Regional bioreactor landfill, which accelerates waste decomposition. The New River

                                                         11
Regional Landfill is the first of its kind in the state of Florida. Pursuant to this Petition, the Nova
F6500 UAS will be used to collect topographic data about the landfill that will be critical in
conducting capacity calculations, estimating the remaining life of the landfill, and ensuring
compliance with the regulations set forth by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection
(FDEP).

         The New River Regional Landfill not only serves the citizens of Baker, Bradford, and
Union Counties in Florida; it is the first bioreactor landfill in the state of Florida, and will
provide valuable research data that will benefit the entire field of waste management. By
introducing air and water into solid waste, the New River Regional Landfill is a bioreactor
landfill that accelerates the waste decomposition process, which extends the life of the landfill
and also generates methane gas that may be captured as an alternative energy source. Data
collected from the New River Regional Landfill will provide landfill operators and engineers a
valuable tool in the design of landfills.

         By operating the Nova F6500 UAS, Altavian will be able to perform safe, efficient, and
economical aerial acquisitions that will directly benefit the public. Specifically, the Nova F6500
UAS will be used to collect topographic data about the landfill that will be critical in conducting
capacity calculations, estimating the remaining life of the landfill, and ensuring compliance with
the regulations set forth by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP). For
example, FDEP Rule 62-701.500(13)(c), F.A.C, requires all landfills to submit an annual
estimate of the remaining life and capacity of the permitted landfill area. Currently, aerial
surveying by manned aircraft is often the method utilized to collect the topographic data used to
perform the capacity calculations. Furthermore, the topographic data collected annually by aerial

                                                         12
  surveying is utilized in estimating the remaining life of the landfill, which is used in calculating
  financial assurance as required by FDEP Rule 62-701.630, F.A.C.

           2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
           The Nova F6500 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
  alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the
  amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use
  of a Nova F6500 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and
  air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
           Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
  congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The Nova
  F6500 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
  aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
  air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
  operations.
           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Nova F6500

                    UAS.
           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Nova F6500 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated
during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and an electric motor, the
Nova F6500 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious
alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are
typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of
leaded aviation fuel. The Nova F6500 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as its battery powered electric motor is barely audible

                                                           13
during the take-off phase, and cannot be heard when operating more than 100 feet above ground
level.

           By using the Nova F6500 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life
and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of aircrew members located onboard the aircraft, the Nova F6500 UA (weighing
approximately fifteen (15) pounds at its maximum gross weight with a wingspan of 108 inches and
a length of 65 inches, with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to
life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically
conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of
approximately 40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

           4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Nova F6500 UAS
                    Will Benefit The Economy.

           In addition to being safe and efficient, the Nova F6500 UAS is also an economical
  alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the
  Nova F6500 UAS will allow United States based companies, like Altavian, to remain
  competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of
  aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out
  leaded fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in
  order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Nova F6500 UAS is one such
  technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned
  aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned
  aircraft.

                                                           14
         By operating the Nova F6500 UAS, companies such as Altavian can remain competitive
and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which
will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of
U.S. companies, through commercial use of the Nova F6500 UAS, provides a stable workforce
that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Like the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, the proposed operation of the Nova F6500 UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.
Specifically, the Nova F6500 UAS will be operated only in rural areas, and in accordance with
all Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.119. Most significantly, the Nova F6500 UAS will not be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, except when necessary for takeoff or landing.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why The Nova F6500 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Altavian's operation of the Nova F6500 UAS meets the
conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
         Section 333 provides authority for UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and
sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS

                                                         15
or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333

states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                  the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, Altavian submits that the Nova F6500 UAS can operate safely

in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the safe operational history

and current use of the Nova F6500 UAS in the NAS; (b) the characteristics of the Nova F6500

UAS; (c) the limited area of Altavian's intended operation; (d) the private pilot certification

requirement; and (e) the specific operating limitations.

                  a. The Nova F6500 UAS Has A Proven History Of Operation In The
                           NAS Pursuant To A Certificate Of Authorization ("COA").

         The Nova F6500 UAS (also known as the Nova Block III) is currently operating safely in

the NAS pursuant to approximately fifteen (15) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted

by the FAA to the Middle Tennessee State University; Sinclair Community College in Ohio; the

                                                         16
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Jacksonville District and Mobile District); Mississippi State
University for the Pearl River Basin; and the University of Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers will be operating the Nova F6500 UAS pursuant to additional COAs in the foreseeable
future, pending approval by the FAA.

                  b. The Specifications Of The Nova F6500 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
                           Characteristics.

         The Nova F6500 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, or operational
capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The Nova F6500 UAS.

Unmanned Aircraft  The Nova F6500 is an Unmanned Aircraft System that is comprised
       System      of an amphibious unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground
                   station.

Serial No.         3016

Unmanned Aircraft  Wingspan: 108 in.
    Dimensions     Length: 65 in.

      Engine       Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)
                   (1) Altavian Inc. P/N : 30027 (Electric)
                   FAA Engine Type Cert: None
                   Propulsive Unit Type: 25V, 11 Amp Hour capacity, Lithium ion
                   battery powered, direct drive electric motor

                   Motor, Electric Sub-Assembly:
                   Manufacturer: NeuMotor
                   Model: 1509
                   2.0 HP Peak Power Direct Drive
                   10 oz. Wt.

                         17
                     Motor, Controller Sub-Assembly:
                     Manufacturer: Castle Creation
                     Model: Phoenix Ice 100
                     Type: Speed Controller
                     100 Amps Maximum
                     4.6 oz. Wt.

                     Motor, Battery:
                     Manufacturer: MaxAmps, Inc.
                     Type: Lithium Ion
                     11 Amp hour
                     22.2V (nominal)

Fuel Not Applicable.
                              NOTE: The Nova F6500 UAS is powered by a Lithium
                              Polymer rechargeable battery, Altavian P/N 30142.

Engine (Propulsive Unit)  Maximum Power Output: 2.0 HP
           Limits         Maximum RPM: 60,000 RPM (reduced to a propeller RPM of
                          7,200)
                          Maximum Motor Temperature: 170 °F (77 °C)

                                   NOTE: The motor temperature is not displayed to the
                                  operator.
                          Maximum motor, controller sub-assembly
                          temperature: 194 °F (90 °C)
                          Minimum voltage, motor battery during pre-flight engine run up
                          after 3 sec. at max throttle: 22.6V

 Propeller and            (1) Altavian Inc. P/N 30360
Propeller Limits          FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                          Propeller Type: 2-blade, hinged (folding), carbon fiber reinforced
                          plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

                          Propeller Sub-Assembly:
                          Manufacturer: Aeronaut
                          Model: CAM 15x13
                          Diameter (Nominal): 15 in.

Battery Command & Nova Air Vehicle Battery P/N 30142 powers the motor, and battery

Control                   command and control.

                          18
Airspeed Limits    Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 58 knot (30 m/s)
                   Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)
                   Va (Maneuvering Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)
                   Landing Speed: 27 knots (14 m/s)

Empty Weight C.G.  20.2 ­ 21.7 inches aft of datum
        Range

Datum              Front of Motor Case

Mean Aerodynamic   13 in. long with leading edge 21.2 in. from nose
   Chord (MAC)

Leveling Means     Not Applicable.

Maximum Weights    Ramp 15 lbs.
                   Takeoff 15 lbs.
                   Landing 15 lbs.

Empty Weight       8.35 lbs.

                           NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and
                           payload modules.

Frequencies        902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                   2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

                           NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
                           frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                           video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
                           2.4 Ghz.

Computer Software Avionics embedded processor, P/N 30138

                                    19
Minimum Crew       (1) The Nova F6500 UAS can be operated by a single operator.

Number of Seats    (0) Not Applicable.

Fuel Capacity      Not Applicable.

Oil Capacity       Not Applicable.

Max. Operating Altitude 1,000 ft. AGL (304 M)

Control Surface    Wing Flaps                     N/A
  Movements                                       Up 30° Down 30°
                   Aileron                        Up 60° Down 60°
                   "V" tail elevator action       Up 60° Down 60°
                   "V" tail rudder action
                   "V" tail max. combination      Up 60° Down 60°
                    Rudder elevator action

Nominal Endurance  90 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)
                   45 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)

Ambient Outside Air Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
Temperature (OAT) Minimum OAT At Altitude: -20 °F (-29 °C)

Wind Limitation    19 knots

Maintenance        This Nova F6500 UAS must be maintained in accordance with the
                   manufacturer's maintenance manual, or later FAA accepted revision.

                                    20
                           ii. The Nova F6500 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation
                                   Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined
                                   Operational Area.

         A complete description of the autonomous modes and methods of navigation for the
Nova F6500 UAS is provided in the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual at pages 7-2 through 7-
4. A copy of the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is
attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b)3.

                           iii. The Nova F6500 UAS Is Designed For Complete Autonomy
                                   From Launch To Landing Even In The Unlikely Event Of Loss
                                   Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

         Although a degradation or loss of the control link, and/or degradation or loss of the
source of navigation, is unlikely, it is a situation that is well planned for and therefore, is a
benign event. The Nova F6500 UA is designed for complete autonomy from launch to landing
with a line of sight operator in the loop monitoring the airframe.

         The Nova F6500 unmanned aircraft (UA) uses a two-stage failsafe approach for all
avionics failure conditions, including the event of a loss of communications ("Lost Link"). Upon
loss of the communication signal, the Nova F6500 UA will attempt to reacquire the link. If after
10 seconds the link has not been reacquired, the Nova F6500 UA will continue to attempt to
reacquire the link while maintaining the current altitude and navigating to the home waypoint,
which is the same as the location of the ground control station. Once at the home waypoint, the
Nova F6500 UA will loiter while continuing its attempt to reacquire the link for 300 seconds (to
allow for rebooting of the ground control station, if needed). The Nova F6500 UA will then
continue to attempt to re-acquire the link while it navigates through the landing procedure.

3 Exhibits to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         21
         The landing procedure for Lost Link is identical to a normal landing procedure. The
Nova F6500 UA will descend from "minimum safe altitude" to a breakout altitude (site specific)
while continuing to loiter around the rally point. Once at the breakout altitude, the Nova F6500
UA will depart the loiter along a tangential path toward the touchdown spot. The Nova F6500
UA will descend on glide slope from the tangent point to the touchdown spot, slowing down to
flair speed (12m/s) in the final moments before touchdown and automatically flare 3 meters
above the ground.

         Loss of GPS signal will result in a two tiered recovery approach. Upon loss of a GPS
signal, the Nova F6500 UA will immediately enter a loiter orbit in an attempt to reacquire a
signal. If after 15 seconds, GPS is not reacquired, the UA will enter tier two. At any time in tier
one or two, the operator can take over with augmented control and utilize its onboard
magnetometer to navigate back to the home waypoint through dead-reckoning. During this
failure mode, the observer will call out UA position and movement back to the operator. Once
the UA is close enough to resolve orientation, or if operating with a live video payload, the
operator can engage manual control and perform a manual landing at the pre-decided landing
site.

         If a cascade of failures has occurred and Lost-Link has also occurred during tier two, the
Nova F6500 UA will enter into a loiter-land procedure; descending in a loiter while reducing
speed until contact with the ground at flair speed. During this decent, the Nova F6500 UA is still
in controlled flight and at touchdown the forward speed should not exceeded 11 m/s with the
propeller off, minimizing damage to anything that the Nova F6500 UA may contact.

         The Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual at Chapter 9 "Emergency Procedures" fully
describes the features of the Nova F6500 UA and sets forth the unmanned aircraft's operation in

                                                         22
the event of a power loss, loss of communications, loss GPS, loss of video link, or software
crash. A copy of Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is
attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The Nova F6500 Ground Control Station And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the ground control station
(GCS) and flight control software for the Nova F6500 UAS is provided in the Nova F6500 UAS
Operator Manual at Chapter 2. A complete overview of the features and operation of the GCS
software is provided at Chapter 7. A copy of the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which
contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  c. Flight Operations Pursuant To The Exemption Sought Would Be
                           Limited To Areas Over The New River Regional Landfill That Are
                           Not In The Proximity Of Airports Or Over Populated Areas.

         Pursuant to this Petition, Altavian proposes to only conduct aerial acquisition flight
operations over the New River Regional Land Fill, which is not located near any populated
areas, airports, helipads, or major roadways. Specifically, Altavian's proposed area of flight
operations, the New River Regional Land Fill, is located near Raiford4, Union County, Florida,
which is a rural area that is:

     1. Not a populated area as depicted on VFR Sectional Aeronautical Charts;
     2. Not within five (5) miles of any airport or helipad;
     3. Not within one hundred (100) meters of state roads having more than two lanes; and
     4. Not within fifty (50) meters of state roads having two lanes or less.

4 Raiford is a town in Union County, Florida, United States. The population was 187 at the 2000
census. As of 2004, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau is 193.

                                                         23
Furthermore, all flight operations will be conducted in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119,
Minimum safe altitudes: General.

        Figure 2: Jacksonville (SJAC) VFR Sectional Chart view of Raiford, Florida.
                  d. Flight Operations Of The Nova F6500 UAS Are Limited To The
                           Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Private Pilot in Command With
                           A Safety Observer.

         Altavian will only utilize certificated Private Pilots who possess a valid Second Class
Airman Medical Certificate to act as a pilot in command of the Nova F6500 UAS. Additionally,
a safety observer, who will also possess a valid Second Class Airman Medical Certificate, and
who have completed a private pilot ground school, and passed the FAA private pilot knowledge
test, will assist all pilots. Additionally, both the pilot in command and safety observer must
complete the Altavian Nova Operators Course and meet the experience requirements as set forth
in the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual. A copy of the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual, which contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit C, and
is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                                                         24
                  e. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                           Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, Altavian proposes to commercially operate the Nova F6500
UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over the New River Regional
Landfill, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

         1. Flight operations are permitted only in the defined areas over the New River Regional
             Landfill.

         2. The Nova F6500 UA will be operated at or below 500 ft. above ground level (AGL),
             except as necessary to comply with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

         3. The Nova F6500 UA will be operated within one mile, and within line of sight, of the
             pilot in command and safety observer.

         4. The Nova F6500 UA will be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in
             visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Nova F6500 UAS will be operated
             only during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil twilight and the
             beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac,
             converted to local time).

         5. Flights of the Nova F6500 UA will continue for a total duration of 90 minutes, or
             until 20% battery power is remaining (whichever occurs first).

         6. The Nova F6500 UA will operate from on-site takeoff/landing location(s) directly
             next to the pilot in command and co-located safety observer. If the operation is from a
             watercraft, the pilot in command and safety observer will remain co-located on the
             same watercraft.

                                                         25
         7. Private pilot certificated airmen, who have completed training, checking, currency,
             will conduct operations and recency of experience requirements as approved by the
             FAA Administrator.

         8. Operation of the Nova F6500 UAS with any inoperative instruments or equipment
             shall be prohibited.

         9. The Nova F6500 UAS will be maintained in accordance with the Manufacturer's
             Maintenance Manual.

         10. The Nova F6500 UAS will be operated pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 91, operating
             requirements.

         11. For the proposed flight operation, only one Nova F6500 UA shall be airborne at any
             given time.

         12. Prior to flight operations, Altavian will coordinate and establish two-way
             communications with the nearest Air Traffic Control facility.

         13. For any flight operations over U.S. Government or state managed lands, Altavian will
             coordinate with the appropriate authority and ensure that the property owners have at
             least twelve (12) hours of advance notice prior to the proposed flight operations.
             Coordination shall include anticipated periods of operation, purpose of the flights,
             and contact information for the operator should questions or issues arise.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure the level of safety established by 14C.F.R.
Section 91.151(a)(1) because the technical specifications of the Nova F6500 UAS, the Nova
Operations Manual, and Altavian's proposed operating limitations ensure that Altavian may
safely operate the battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions for

                                                         26
a total duration of 90 minutes, or until 20% battery power is remaining (whichever occurs first).
Furthermore, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1) establish
that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations
of a UAS are considered.

         The Nova F6500 UA is powered by a Lithium Ion 11 Amp hour, 22.2V battery, and is
protected by two low battery failsafes, while the ground control station (GCS) provides a battery
indicator on the heads-up display, which indicates the Nova F6500 UA's current remaining
battery power measured in volts, providing the PIC with constant awareness of the real-time
battery voltage during a flight.

         The two low battery failsafes that protect the Nova F6500 UA are a "Low AV5 battery"
failsafe and a "Critically low AV battery" failsafe. The "Low AV battery" failsafe flies the UA
to the location of the ground control station (GCS), or identified Rally point, when the UA
battery reaches a certain threshold of time as configured by the operator (or 20.4V). The
"Critically low AV battery" shuts the propulsion motor off and lands the UA at its current
location. This failsafe is triggered if the battery drops below the critical battery voltage as
configured by the operator, or 19.4V.

         Furthermore, an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1) would not
adversely affect safety because Altavian will only conduct flights during daylight hours in VMC,
with the duration of each flight not to exceed 90 minutes, as set forth by the Nova Family of
Systems Operations Manual. A copy of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which
contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit C, and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

5 The Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual defines "AV" as "Aerial Vehicle."
                                                         27
         Likewise, as set forth above, Altavian has proposed specific operating limitations in this
Petition that will maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.151(a)(1), including the
following: (1) the Nova F6500 UA will only be operated during daylight hours (i.e. between the
end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the
American Air Almanac, converted to local time); (2) Nova F6500 UA will only be operated
pursuant to visual flight rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC); and (3) the
duration of each flight shall not exceed 90 minutes.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1)
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at
less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151(a), including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745,
and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151(a)(1), specific
to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
11080).

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
         91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &
         (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
         In seeking this exemption, Altavian submits that the level of safety with regard to the
regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because Altavian, the
manufacturer of the Nova F6500 UAS, will use its trained technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,

                                                         28
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
Altavian will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Nova F6500 UAS.

         Since the Nova F6500 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer's
maintenance manual, Altavian will maintain the level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual sets forth
Scheduled Maintenance Inspection Procedures for each system and component. Inspection
intervals for the Nova F6500 UAS include preflight and post flight inspections, as well as
scheduled inspections every 25 hours, 50 hours, 75 hours, and 100 hours.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Altavian will
perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. The Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual details procedures for each component of the
unmanned aircraft, including the components of the propulsion system, avionics system, payload
system, fuselage system, wing, and tail.

         A copy of the Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual, which contains proprietary information,
is attached hereto as Exhibit D, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b).

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain the level of safety established by
Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b) because all maintenance of the Nova F6500 UAS will
be performed by Altavian trained technicians, who will document and maintain maintenance
records for the Nova F6500 UAS. Altavian trained technicians are qualified to conduct any and
all maintenance to ensure the safe operation of the Nova family of UAS, conduct all service
inspections, and authorize the use of each vehicle in the Nova family of UAS based upon

                                                         29
completion of appropriate inspections. See Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, Exhibit
C, at page 3-4. Pursuant to the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual and the Nova F6500
Maintenance Manual, a Maintenance Action Form must be completed and saved in the
maintenance logs for all maintenance that is performed on the UAS. The procedures for
maintaining the maintenance logs for the UAS are fully set forth in the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual, Exhibit C, at Chapter 5, and the Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual, Exhibit
D, at Chapter 5.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.
The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080).

         4. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Altavian requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will
permit safe operation of the unmanned aircraft for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions over the New River Regional Landfill. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such

                                                         30
UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that

must be established for the safe operation of the aircraft systems in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

§ 21.16, for operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R.

Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual

design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for Altavian's intended operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, which

contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety

equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections

91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:

         The Rules From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption:

         Altavian, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 91.151(a)(1),
         91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Altavian Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Altavian, Inc. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
         for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over the New River
         Regional Land Fill in Union County, Florida.

                                                         31
G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
         Altavian's Request.
         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Altavian's request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, the Nova F6500 UAS has in the past, and will continue in
the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                                CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Altavian seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
operation of the Nova F6500 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the
limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over the New River Regional Landfill. By
granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by
allowing Altavian to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the Nova F6500 UAS
commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Altavian respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections

                                                         32
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit

Altavian to operate the Nova F6500 UAS for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and

research over the New River Regional Land Fill in Union County, Florida.

Dated: November 18, 2014

                                   Respectfully submitted,

                                   The Aviation Law Firm

                                   /s/ Gregory S. Winton
                                   ____________________________
                                   Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                                   Jared M. Allen, Esq.
                                   1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                   Suite 300
                                   Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                   Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                   Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                   Attorneys for Petitioner

cc: James H. Williams, AFS-80
         Robert Pappas
         Dean Griffith, Esq.

                               33
