April 9, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11317
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1054

Mr. Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
Counsel for Altavian, Inc.
The Aviation Law Firm
1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
Suite 300
Annapolis, MD 21401

Dear Mr. Winton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 12, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Altavian, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial acquisitions and research over certain rural areas of the United States.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on January 8, 2015,
(80 FR 1068). The FAA received two comments. The Air Line Pilots Association,
International (ALPA) and the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) both
opposed the petition.
                                                                                                                 2

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA noted that the
anticipated operation is expected to occur below 1,200 feet above the surface in rural
areas. ALPA stated that the petition does not define "rural areas" nor does it offer a means to control
the airspace or areas of operations. Specifically, ALPA stated "there must be means both to
ensure that the sUAS remains within the defined airspace and to ensure that the hazard of
other aircraft intruding on the operation is mitigated."

The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e., visual line one
sight (VLOS) and at or below 400 feet above ground level (AGL)) are sufficient mitigations
to this risk so that the operations will not adversely affect safety.

Regarding the petitioner's statement that the pilot in command (PIC) and observer will be
able to communicate by voice, ALPA stated the pilot and observer should be able to maintain
a visual observation of the aircraft and area of operation when using voice communication.
NAAA stated UAS observers must be present and able to communicate with the operator
from the most minimal distance possible. The conditions and limitations regarding PIC and
visual observer communications address those concerns.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to determine
how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given the size of
the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the use of a
lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent
fly-aways or other scenarios. The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this
exemption to mitigate the risk associated with such failures.

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with
an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA also
commented on pilot qualification, stating--

         Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous training
         curriculum and show that they are fit to operate a commercial aircraft, so too
         must UAS operators. Holding a commercial certificate holds UAS operators to
         similar high standards as commercial aircraft operators and ensures they are
                                                                                               3

aware of their responsibilities as commercial operators within the NAS.
Medical requirements ensure they have the necessary visual and mental acuity
to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a sustained period of time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational,
private and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a
sport pilot certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect
operations in the NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground.

Although the petitioner did not request an exemption from § 91.113, ALPA noted the
petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in § 91.113 given the
absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be operated within VLOS of
the PIC and VO.

Regarding the fuel requirements of § 91.151, ALPA argued that using batteries as the only
source of an aircraft's power is a substantial shift from traditional methods of propulsion, and
requires further research to determine best safety practices.

Regarding §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), ALPA opposed
the petitioner's attempt to avoid compliance with established aircraft maintenance and
recordkeeping requirements. ALPA states the UAS should comply with the same level of
safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS. The FAA finds that adherence to
the petitioner's operating documents, as required by the conditions and limitations below, is
sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPAs
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each
operator secure a Certificate of Authorization or COA which covers specific details of the
petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new NAS
access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low level airspace, and therefore clear low level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see and avoid functions to
prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the potential
for collision with agricultural aircraft.

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: (a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations;, (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the pilot in command (PIC) and the
VO,; and (c) the UAS PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.
                                                                                                                 4

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS-B or
similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, high-visibility markings and
registration numbers. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-
sight of the ground controller, with the assistance of a VO and well clear of any low-flying
manned aircraft.

As discussed below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of factors laid
out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain operations. The
Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft operated by the
petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the Altavian Nova F6500.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;
                                                                                                                 5

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Altavian, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§
61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Altavian, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Altavian Nova
         F6500 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
                                                                                                            6

    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.
                                                                                              7

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.
                                                                                                            8

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and,
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.
                                                                                                               9

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
       notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
       must include at least the following:
          a. Dates and times for all flights;
          b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
             under this grant of exemption;
          c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
             the UAS;
          d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
          e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
          f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
             and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
             who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
          g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
          h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
             town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
             essential to accomplish the operation.

   31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
       consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
       exemption holder's MPTOM.
                                                                                                               10
Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                              DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _______________

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                            ALTAVIAN, INC.

   FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

 SECTIONS 14 C.F.R 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND
        91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE
                       NOVA F6500 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                                 PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                             Submitted on December 12, 2014

                                                             GREGORY S. WINTON, ESQ.
                                                             JARED M. ALLEN, ESQ.
                                                             THE AVIATION LAW FIRM
                                                             1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                             Suite 300
                                                             Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                             Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                             Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                             Attorneys for Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................6

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................7
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH ALTAVIAN, INC.
    SEEKS EXEMPTION ...................................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF ALTAVIAN, INC. SEEKS AND THE REASON
    ALTAVIAN, INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF ..................................................................10
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING ALTAVIAN, INC.'S REQUEST WOULD BE
    IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .....................................................................................11
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................15
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........33
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT ALTAVIAN, INC.'S REQUEST ........................................................34
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................34

                                                          2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI          Above Ground Level
ATC          Area of Interest
ATO          Air Traffic Control
AV           Air Traffic Organization
C.F.R.       Aerial Vehicle
COA          Code of Federal Regulation
FAA          Certificate of Authorization
FAR          Federal Aviation Administration
GCS          Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL          Ground Control Station
NAS          Loss of Link
NOTAM        National Airspace System
PIC          Notice to Airman
Section 333  Pilot In Command
SOP          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UA           Standard Operating Procedures
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft System
VLOS         Visual Flight Rules
VMC          Visual Line of Site
VO           Visual Meteorological Conditions
             Visual Observer

                                            3
                                                   SUMMARY
         Altavian, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA). This exemption will permit Altavian, Inc. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System
(UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over certain
rural areas of the United States.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Altavian, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Altavian") is an unmanned aircraft solutions
provider that integrates engineering and manufacturing with services that enable the technology
for federal, state, local, and commercial clients. Altavian is focused on providing solutions for
utilizing unmanned aircraft to safely and efficiently collect data that is precise, accurate, and
timely.
         Altavian's mission is to use unmanned aircraft to simplify and increase the effectiveness
of data collection in: Natural Resources and Conservation, Construction and Infrastructure,
Precision Agriculture, as well as Inspection and Monitoring.
         As set forth in this Petition, Altavian seeks to commercially operate its Nova F6500 UAS
over certain rural areas of the United States for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and
research.

                                                          4
                                               BACKGROUND
                         Unmanned Aircraft System: Altavian Nova F6500 UAS
         Altavian seeks an exemption to operate the Altavian Nova F6500 UAS (also known as
the Nova Block III UAS), for compensation or hire within the national airspace system ("NAS").
The Nova F6500 UAS is comprised of an amphibious unmanned aircraft (UA) and a
transportable ground control station. The Nova F6500 UA has a maximum gross weight of
approximately fifteen (15) pounds, while having a wingspan of 108 inches and a length of 65
inches. The Nova F6500 UA is equipped with a single propeller driven by a Lithium Polymer
battery powered electric motor.
         The Nova F6500 UA that will be operated by Altavian will be registered in accordance
with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft
Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration
Marking.

                                                          5
            Figure 1: The Nova F6500 UA.
   Previous Sec. 333 Grant Of Exemption and the
Proven Operational History of the Nova F6500 UAS

On December 10, 2014, Woolpert, Inc. was granted two exemptions pursuant to Sec. 333,

FMRA, to commercially operate the Nova F6500 UAS (also known as the Nova Block III) for

the purpose of conducting precision aerial surveys over certain rural areas of the state of Ohio

(Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0506, Exemption No. 11111) and Ship Island, Mississippi

(Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0398, Exemption No. 11114). As such, the Nova F6500

UAS has already been granted exemptions pursuant to Sec. 333, FMRA, to operate commercially

in the NAS for the purpose of performing aerial acquisitions.

In addition to receiving an Airworthiness Release Qualification Level 3 from the U.S.

Army, the Nova F6500 UAS is currently operating safely within the NAS pursuant to
approximately fifteen (15) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted by the Federal
Aviation Administration ("FAA") to the Middle Tennessee State University; Sinclair

Community College in Dayton, Ohio; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Jacksonville District

and Mobile District); Mississippi State University for the Pearl River Basin; and the University

of Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be operating the Nova F6500 UAS pursuant

to additional COAs in the foreseeable future, pending approval by the FAA.

BASIS FOR PETITION

Petitioner, Altavian, Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the provisions

of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform

Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby

petitions the Administrator to operate the Nova F6500 UAS in the national airspace system, and

for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                             6
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Altavian's operation of the Nova F6500 UAS meets the
conditions of Section 333 and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Therefore, Altavian requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         Altavian submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will
be ensured. Altavian, as the manufacturer of the Nova F6500 UAS, will use its technicians to
perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. Furthermore, Altavian will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
Nova F6500 UAS.

         Altavian also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1), Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Altavian submits that safety will not be affected by
terminating flights of the battery powered Nova F6500 UA after 80 minutes of continuous
operation, with 10 minutes remaining battery power.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Altavian provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:
                  Altavian, Inc.
                  1724 NE 2nd Street
                  Gainesville, Florida 32609

                                                          7
         The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

                  Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                  The Aviation Law Firm
                  1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway, Suite 300
                  Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                  Tel: (301) 294-8550 | Fax: (866) 568-9886
                  Email: Greg@aviationlawexperts.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption.

         1. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)(1),

states the following:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes[.]

         2. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         3. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
         chapter[.]

                                                          8
         4. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1)
                  And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
         21 of this chapter.

         5. Altavian Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a)
                  And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
         100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
         for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance
         of an aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
         performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
         to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.

                                                          9
         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
         to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances
         are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
         revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
         when the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
         to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
         work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
         chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks The Relief.

         1. Extent Of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks Relief From
                  Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the

battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in visual flight rules (VFR) conditions to

continue for a total duration of 80 minutes, with 10 minutes of battery power remaining.

Altavian seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(a)(1), the

flight time duration of the battery powered Nova F6500 UA will be reduced by one third, which

would severely constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research operations that

Altavian proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

                                                         10
         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Nova F6500 UAS, the
Nova Operations Manual, and Altavian's proposed operating limitations, ensure that Altavian
will safely operate the battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions
for a total duration of 80 minutes, with 10 minutes of battery power remaining.

         2. Extent Of Relief Altavian Seeks And The Reason Altavian Seeks Relief From
                  Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Altavian requests relief from these Sections
because the Nova F6500 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more
fully below, the Nova F6500 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 for operation without an
airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Altavian, which manufactures the Nova F6500 UAS, will
use Altavian technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore, Altavian will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the Nova F6500 UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Altavian's Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Altavian to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research over the United
States, commercially, in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife
monitoring, forestry, and the oil and gas industries. Additionally, use of the Nova F6500 UAS
will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the
economy. Notably, the benefits of the proposed operation of the Nova F6500 UAS will be
realized without implicating any privacy issues.

                                                         11
         1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research
                  Performed.

         Altavian submits this Petition to commercially operate the Nova F6500 UAS and perform
aerial acquisition and research throughout the United States, in support of government entities,
agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, forestry, mining, and the oil and gas
industries. The Nova F6500 UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial acquisition
and research operations to further each of these fields, all of which are critical to the well-being
of the general public.

         The specific operations that Altavian will perform with the Nova F6500 UAS
demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries
and the public. In agriculture, the aerial acquisition performed by the Nova F6500 UAS will be
used to predict crop yields, research and prevent crop disease, and increase crop yields. In the oil
and gas industry, the Nova F6500 UAS will be used to aid in facility inspections, surveying and
planning new worksites, volumetric analysis, and performing right of way analysis. The Nova
F6500 UAS will also further environmental management by researching invasive species,
mapping deforestation, and surveying point source pollution.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The Nova F6500 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the
amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use
of a Nova F6500 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and
air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The Nova

                                                         12
  F6500 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
  aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
  air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
  operations.

           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Nova F6500
                    UAS.

           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Nova F6500 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated
during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and an electric motor, the
Nova F6500 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious
alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are
typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of
leaded aviation fuel. The Nova F6500 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as its battery powered electric motor is barely audible
during the take-off phase, and cannot be heard when operating more than 100 feet above ground
level.

           By using the Nova F6500 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life
and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of aircrew members located onboard the aircraft, the Nova F6500 UA (weighing
approximately fifteen (15) pounds at its maximum gross weight with a wingspan of 108 inches and
a length of 65 inches, with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to
life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically

                                                           13
conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of
approximately 40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

           4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Nova F6500 UAS
                    Will Benefit The Economy.

           In addition to being safe and efficient, the Nova F6500 UAS is also an economical
  alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the
  Nova F6500 UAS will allow United States based companies, like Altavian, to remain
  competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of
  aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out
  leaded fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in
  order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Nova F6500 UAS is one such
  technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned
  aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned
  aircraft.

           By operating the Nova F6500 UAS, companies such as Altavian can remain competitive
  and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which
  will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of
  U.S. companies, through commercial use of the Nova F6500 UAS, provides a stable workforce
  that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
  companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
  United States and abroad.

           5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
           Like the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
  decades, the proposed operation of the Nova F6500 UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.

                                                           14
Specifically, the Nova F6500 UAS will be operated only in rural areas, and in accordance with

all Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §

91.119. Most significantly, the Nova F6500 UAS will not be operated closer than 500 feet to

any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly involved in the operation.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The Nova F6500 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The FAA
                  Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Altavian's operation of the Nova F6500 UAS meets the

conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance

with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and

sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS

or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333

states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

                                                         15
                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                  the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).
         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.
         In seeking this exemption, Altavian submits that the Nova F6500 UAS can operate safely
in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the safe operational history
and current use of the Nova F6500 UAS in the NAS; (b) the characteristics of the Nova F6500
UAS; (c) the private pilot certification requirement; and (d) the specific operating limitations.

                  a. The Nova F6500 UAS Has A Proven History Of Operation In The
                           NAS Pursuant To A Certificate Of Authorization ("COA").

         The Nova F6500 UAS has already been granted exemptions pursuant to Sec. 333 to
operate commercially in the NAS for the purpose of performing aerial acquisitions. On
December 10, 2014, Woolpert, Inc. was granted two exemptions pursuant to Sec. 333 to
commercially operate the Nova F6500 UAS (also known as the Nova Block III) for the purpose
of precision aerial surveys over certain rural areas located within the state of Ohio (Regulatory
Docket No. FAA-2014-0506, Exemption No. 11111) and Ship Island, Mississippi (Regulatory
Docket No. FAA-2014-0398, Exemption No. 11114).

         In addition to receiving an Airworthiness Release Qualification Level 3 from the U.S.
Army, the Nova F6500 UAS is currently operating safely within the NAS pursuant to
approximately fifteen (15) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted by the Federal
Aviation Administration ("FAA") to the Middle Tennessee State University; Sinclair
Community College in Dayton, Ohio; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Jacksonville District
and Mobile District); Mississippi State University for the Pearl River Basin; and the University

                                                         16
of Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be operating the Nova F6500 UAS pursuant
to additional COAs in the foreseeable future, pending approval by the FAA.

                  b. The Specifications Of The Nova F6500 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
                           Characteristics.

         The Nova F6500 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The Nova F6500 UAS.

Unmanned Aircraft  The Nova F6500 is an Unmanned Aircraft System that is comprised
       System      of an amphibious unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground
                   station.

Unmanned Aircraft  Wingspan: 108 in.
    Dimensions     Length: 65 in.

      Engine       Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)
                   (1) Altavian Inc. P/N : 30027 (Electric)
                   FAA Engine Type Cert: None
                   Propulsive Unit Type: 25V, 11 Amp Hour capacity, Lithium ion
                   battery powered, direct drive electric motor

                   Motor, Electric Sub-Assembly:
                   Manufacturer: NeuMotor
                   Model: 1509
                   2.0 HP Peak Power Direct Drive
                   10 oz. Wt.

                   Motor, Controller Sub-Assembly:
                   Manufacturer: Castle Creation
                   Model: Phoenix Ice 100
                   Type: Speed Controller
                   100 Amps Maximum
                   4.6 oz. Wt.

                   17
                     Motor, Battery:
                     Manufacturer: MaxAmps, Inc.
                     Type: Lithium Ion
                     11 Amp hour
                     22.2V (nominal)

Fuel Not Applicable.
                              NOTE: The Nova F6500 UAS is powered by a Lithium
                              Polymer rechargeable battery, Altavian P/N 30142.

Engine (Propulsive Unit)  Maximum Power Output: 2.0 HP
           Limits         Maximum RPM: 60,000 RPM (reduced to a propeller RPM of
                          7,200)
                          Maximum Motor Temperature: 170 °F (77 °C)

                                   NOTE: The motor temperature is not displayed to the
                                  operator.
                          Maximum motor, controller sub-assembly
                          temperature: 194 °F (90 °C)
                          Minimum voltage, motor battery during pre-flight engine run up
                          after 3 sec. at max throttle: 22.6V

 Propeller and            (1) Altavian Inc. P/N 30360
Propeller Limits          FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                          Propeller Type: 2-blade, hinged (folding), carbon fiber reinforced
                          plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

                          Propeller Sub-Assembly:
                          Manufacturer: Aeronaut
                          Model: CAM 15x13
                          Diameter (Nominal): 15 in.

Battery Command & Nova Air Vehicle Battery P/N 30142 powers the motor, and battery

Control                   command and control.

Airspeed Limits           Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 58 knot (30 m/s)
                          Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)
                          Va (Maneuvering Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)
                          Landing Speed: 27 knots (14 m/s)

                          18
Empty Weight C.G.  20.2 ­ 21.7 inches aft of datum
        Range

Datum              Front of Motor Case

Mean Aerodynamic   13 in. long with leading edge 21.2 in. from nose
   Chord (MAC)

Leveling Means     Not Applicable.

Maximum Weights    Ramp 15 lbs.
                   Takeoff 15 lbs.
                   Landing 15 lbs.

Empty Weight       8.35 lbs.

                           NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and
                           payload modules.

Frequencies        902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                   2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

                           NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
                           frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                           video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
                           2.4 Ghz.

Computer Software Avionics embedded processor, P/N 30138

Minimum Crew       (1) The Nova F6500 UAS can be operated by a single operator.

                                    19
Number of Seats    (0) Not Applicable.

Fuel Capacity      Not Applicable.

Oil Capacity       Not Applicable.

Max. Operating Altitude 1,200 ft. AGL

Control Surface    Wing Flaps                     N/A
  Movements                                       Up 30° Down 30°
                   Aileron                        Up 60° Down 60°
                   "V" tail elevator action       Up 60° Down 60°
                   "V" tail rudder action
                   "V" tail max. combination      Up 60° Down 60°
                    Rudder elevator action

Nominal Endurance  90 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)
                   45 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)

Ambient Outside Air Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
Temperature (OAT) Minimum OAT At Altitude: -20 °F (-29 °C)

Wind Limitation    19 knots

Maintenance        This Nova F6500 UAS must be maintained in accordance with the
                   manufacturer's maintenance manual, or later FAA accepted revision.

                                       20
                           ii. The Nova F6500 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation
                                    Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined
                                    Operational Area.

         A complete description of the autonomous modes and methods of navigation for the
Nova F6500 UAS is provided in the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual at pages 7-2 through 7-
4. A copy of the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is
attached hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b)1.

                           iii. The Nova F6500 UAS Is Designed For Complete Autonomy
                                   From Launch To Landing Even In The Unlikely Event Of Loss
                                   Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

         Although a degradation or loss of the control link, and/or degradation or loss of the
source of navigation, is unlikely, it is a situation that is well planned for and therefore, is a
benign event. The Nova F6500 UA is designed for complete autonomy from launch to landing
with a line of sight operator in the loop monitoring the airframe.

         The Nova F6500 unmanned aircraft (UA) uses a two-stage failsafe approach for all
avionics failure conditions, including the event of a loss of communications ("Lost Link"). Upon
loss of the communication signal, the Nova F6500 UA will attempt to reacquire the link. If after
10 seconds the link has not been reacquired, the Nova F6500 UA will continue to attempt to
reacquire the link while maintaining the current altitude and navigating to the home waypoint,
which is the same as the location of the ground control station. Once at the home waypoint, the
Nova F6500 UA will loiter while continuing its attempt to reacquire the link for 300 seconds (to
allow for rebooting of the ground control station, if needed). The Nova F6500 UA will then
continue to attempt to re-acquire the link while it navigates through the landing procedure.

1 Exhibits to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         21
         The landing procedure for Lost Link is identical to a normal landing procedure. The
Nova F6500 UA will descend from "minimum safe altitude" to a breakout altitude (site specific)
while continuing to loiter around the rally point. Once at the breakout altitude, the Nova F6500
UA will depart the loiter along a tangential path toward the touchdown spot. The Nova F6500
UA will descend on glide slope from the tangent point to the touchdown spot, slowing down to
flair speed (12m/s) in the final moments before touchdown and automatically flare 3 meters
above the ground.

         Loss of GPS signal will result in a two tiered recovery approach. Upon loss of a GPS
signal, the Nova F6500 UA will immediately enter a loiter orbit in an attempt to reacquire a
signal. If after 15 seconds, GPS is not reacquired, the UA will enter tier two. At any time in tier
one or two, the operator can take over with augmented control and utilize its onboard
magnetometer to navigate back to the home waypoint through dead-reckoning. During this
failure mode, the observer will call out UA position and movement back to the operator. Once
the UA is close enough to resolve orientation, or if operating with a live video payload, the
operator can engage manual control and perform a manual landing at the pre-decided landing
site.

         If a cascade of failures has occurred and Lost-Link has also occurred during tier two, the
Nova F6500 UA will enter into a loiter-land procedure; descending in a loiter while reducing
speed until contact with the ground at flair speed. During this decent, the Nova F6500 UA is still
in controlled flight and at touchdown the forward speed should not exceeded 11 m/s with the
propeller off, minimizing damage to anything that the Nova F6500 UA may contact.

         The Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual at Chapter 9 "Emergency Procedures" fully
describes the features of the Nova F6500 UA and sets forth the unmanned aircraft's operation in

                                                         22
the event of a power loss, loss of communications, loss GPS, loss of video link, or software
crash. A copy of Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is
attached hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The Nova F6500 Ground Control Station And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the ground control station
(GCS) and flight control software for the Nova F6500 UAS is provided in the Nova F6500 UAS
Operator Manual at Chapter 2. A complete overview of the features and operation of the GCS
software is provided at Chapter 7. A copy of the Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual, which
contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           v. Safe Mobile Operation Of The Nova F6500 UAS.
         The Nova F6500 UAS may be safely operated by a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) and safety
observer co-located with a GCS on a mobile vehicle or watercraft, in order to efficiently perform
aerial acquisition operations of large areas. As set forth in the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual at page 6-4, additional limitations and requirements apply to mobile
operations of the Nova F6500 UAS, including the following:
         The driver/operator of the vehicle must be licensed and fully understand his/her role in
         the operation.
         The mobile vehicle must be organized and clear of any unnecessary debris prior to the
         operation.
         Equipment and personnel positioning within the vehicle must be predetermined and
         agreed upon by the team. Each team member must use appropriate safety restraint
         equipment, and such equipment should not interfere with safe flight.
         The PIC must have ready communication with the driver/operator of the vehicle as well
         as the safety observer.

                                                         23
         GCS software must be configured for constant updating of GCS position on the map
         overlay, and the PIC must be kept aware of vehicle position. The GCS must be mounted
         or fixed to the vehicle to ensure that no excess movement will shift the GCS during
         operations.

         The route of the moving vehicle must be determined prior to operation and the PIC must
         ensure that no part of the route will obscure the safety observer's view of the vehicle or
         cause any physical obstacles or obstructions to any member of the flight team.

         The Area of Interest (AOI) must be large enough to warrant mobile operations, and the
         aircraft cannot be allowed to exit the AOI under any circumstance. The only change to
         the standard operating procedures (SOP's) with mobile operations must be an update of
         the LOL (Loss of Link) site. Mobile operations are only permitted if suitable LOL sites
         are within 500 ft. of the PIC at all times. The entire AOI must also meet the "sterile
         environment" of a static site as described on page 4-4 of the Operations Manual,
         otherwise mobile operations are prohibited.

         A copy of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which contains proprietary

information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14

C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  c. Flight Operations Of The Nova F6500 UAS Are Limited To The
                           Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Private Pilot in Command With
                           A Safety Observer.

         Altavian will only utilize certificated Private Pilots who possess a valid Airman Medical

Certificate to act as a pilot in command of the Nova F6500 UAS. Additionally, a safety

observer, who will also possess a valid Airman Medical Certificate, and who has completed a

private pilot ground school, and passed the FAA private pilot knowledge test, will assist all

pilots. Additionally, both the pilot in command and safety observer must complete the Altavian

Nova Operators Course and meet the experience requirements as set forth in the Nova Family of

Systems Operations Manual. A copy of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which

contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate

file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                                                         24
                  d. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                           Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, Altavian proposes to commercially operate the Nova F6500

UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over the United States, pursuant to

the following specific operating limitations:

         1) Operations authorized by the grant of exemption will be limited to the following
         aircraft described in the operating documents, which is a fixed-wing aircraft weighing
         less than 15 pounds: Altavian Nova F6500. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
         require a new petition or a petition to amend the grant.

         2) The Nova F6500 UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 58 knots.

         3) The Nova F6500 UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 1,200 feet above
         ground level (AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet.

         4) The Nova F6500 UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot
         in Command (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision
         unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued
         airman medical certificate.

         5) All operations must utilize a Visual Observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy
         the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO
         and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated
         before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.
         The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
         documents.

         6) The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be maintained and made
         available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
         conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
         documents, the conditions and limitations in the grant of exemption take precedence and
         must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its
         operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is
         the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated
         and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of
         exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis
         upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition for
         amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may
         be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

                                                         25
7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the Nova F6500 UAS to ensure it is in a
condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe
operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, the Nova F6500 UA is prohibited from operating
until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the Nova F6500 UAS is found
to be in a condition for safe flight. The Nova F6500 Ground Control Station must be
included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any Nova F6500 UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry
in the Nova F6500 UA aircraft record of the flight.

9) In addition to the pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents, the preflight
inspection must also account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or
equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

10) The operator must follow the Nova F6500 manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and
alterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours, description
of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized Nova F6500 maintenance
personnel or PIC returning the Nova F6500 to service.

12) The operator's Nova F6500 authorized maintenance personnel or PIC must make a
record entry in the UAS logbook or equivalent document of the corrective action taken
against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

13) The operator's Nova F5600 authorized maintenance personnel, PIC and VO must
receive and document training referenced in the operating documents.

14) The UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all manufacturer System
and Safety Bulletins.

15) The PIC must possess at least a FAA-issued private pilot certificate and a valid FAA-
issued airman medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
specified in 14 C.F.R. 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
certificate.

16) Prior to operating for hire, the PIC and VO must have successfully completed
Altavian's training syllabus as outlined in the operating documents. In addition, the PIC
and VO must also have successfully completed annual (recurrent) training in accordance
with the operating documents. A record of training must be documented and made
available upon request by the Administrator. Training, proficiency, and experience-

                                                26
building flights for the purpose of training pilots and VOs to conduct flights authorized
by the exemption are permitted under the terms of the exemption.

17) If the Nova F6500 UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to
a pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land, or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

18) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies
pursuant to the operating documents.

19) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.

20) The Nova F6500 UA operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified
by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification
(N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R part 45, Subpart C.

21) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the Nova F6500 UA must comply with the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

22) The documents required under14 C.F.R §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PIC at the Ground Control Station of the Nova F6500 UAS any time the aircraft is
operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

23) The Nova F6500 UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aircraft
operations and activities at all times.

24) If the Nova F6500 UAS is operated from a moving device or vehicle, the operation
must be in accordance with the operating documents.

25) Nova F6500 UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14
C.F.R. § 1.1.

26) All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
The Nova F6500 UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

27) During operations in the National Airspace System, the UA may not operate within 5
nautical miles of the geographic center of an airport as denoted on a current FAA-
published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management
is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by

                                                27
         the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made
         available to the Administrator upon request.

         28) The Nova F6500 UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.
         These areas include but are not limited to the yellow areas depicted on World
         Aeronautical Charts (WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or Terminal
         Area Charts (TAC). However, aeronautical charts may not reflect pertinent local
         information. Ultimately, it is the PIC's responsibility to maintain the minimum safe
         altitudes required by 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

         29) Operation of the Nova F6500 UA must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
         persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures not directly involved in the operation.

         30) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from
         participating persons, vessels, vehicles or structures that perform an essential function in
         connection with the special purpose operations. Operations closer than 500 feet from the
         PIC, VO, operator trainees and essential persons, are permitted when operationally
         necessary; but never so close as to present an undue hazard, per 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(a).

         31) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from
         unoccupied vessels, vehicles or structures owned by the land owner/controller when the
         land owner/controller grants such permission and the PIC makes a safety assessment of
         the risk from operations closer to these objects.

         32) All operations shall be conducted with permission from the land owner/controller or
         authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized
         representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

         33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
         the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents meeting the
         requirements of 49 C.F.R. part 830 must be reported to the National Transportation
         Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure the level of safety established by 14 C.F.R.

Section 91.151(a)(1) because the technical specifications of the Nova F6500 UAS, the Nova

Operations Manual, and Altavian's proposed operating limitations ensure that Altavian may

safely operate the battery powered Nova F6500 UA during daylight hours in VMC for 80

minutes, landing with 10 minutes of battery power remaining. Furthermore, previous

                                                         28
exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1) establish that safety is not
adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are
considered.

         The Nova F6500 UA is powered by a Lithium Ion 11 Amp hour, 22.2V battery, and is
protected by two low battery failsafes, while the ground control station (GCS) provides a battery
indicator on the heads-up display, which indicates the Nova F6500 UA's current remaining
battery power measured in volts, providing the PIC with constant awareness of the real-time
battery voltage during a flight.

         The two low battery failsafes that protect the Nova F6500 UA are a "Low AV2 battery"
failsafe and a "Critically low AV battery" failsafe. The "Low AV battery" failsafe flies the UA
to the location of the ground control station (GCS), or identified Rally point, when the UA
battery reaches a certain threshold of time as configured by the operator (or 20.4V). The
"Critically low AV battery" shuts the propulsion motor off and lands the UA at its current
location. This failsafe is triggered if the battery drops below the critical battery voltage as
configured by the operator, or 19.4V.

         Furthermore, an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1) would not
adversely affect safety because Altavian will only conduct flights during daylight hours in VMC,
with the duration of each flight not to exceed 80 minutes, as set forth by the Nova Family of
Systems Operations Manual. A copy of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which
contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

2 The Nova F6500 UAS Operator Manual defines "AV" as "Aerial Vehicle."
                                                         29
         Likewise, as set forth above, Altavian has proposed specific operating limitations in this
Petition that will maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.151(a)(1), including the
following: (1) the Nova F6500 UA will only be operated during daylight hours (i.e. between the
end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the
American Air Almanac, converted to local time); (2) Nova F6500 UA will only be operated
pursuant to visual flight rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC); and (3) the
duration of each flight shall not exceed 80 minutes.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1)
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at
less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151(a), including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745,
and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151(a)(1), specific
to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080,
11109, 11110).

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &
                  (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Altavian submits that the level of safety with regard to the
regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because Altavian, the
manufacturer of the Nova F6500 UAS, will use its trained technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,

                                                         30
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
Altavian will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Nova F6500 UAS.

         Since the Nova F6500 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer's
maintenance manual, Altavian will maintain the level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual sets forth
Scheduled Maintenance Inspection Procedures for each system and component. Inspection
intervals for the Nova F6500 UAS include preflight and post flight inspections, as well as
scheduled inspections every 25 hours, 50 hours, 75 hours, and 100 hours.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Altavian will
perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer's maintenance
manual. The Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual details procedures for each component of the
unmanned aircraft, including the components of the propulsion system, avionics system, payload
system, fuselage system, wing, and tail.

         A copy of the Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual, which contains proprietary information,
is attached hereto as Exhibit C, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b).

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain the level of safety established by
Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b) because all maintenance of the Nova F6500 UAS will
be performed by Altavian trained technicians, who will document and maintain maintenance
records for the Nova F6500 UAS. Altavian trained technicians are qualified to conduct any and
all maintenance to ensure the safe operation of the Nova family of UAS, conduct all service
inspections, and authorize the use of each vehicle in the Nova family of UAS based upon

                                                         31
completion of appropriate inspections. See Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, Exhibit
B, at page 3-4. Pursuant to the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual and the Nova F6500
Maintenance Manual, a Maintenance Action Form must be completed and saved in the
maintenance logs for all maintenance that is performed on the UAS. The procedures for
maintaining the maintenance logs for the UAS are fully set forth in the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual, Exhibit B, at Chapter 5, and the Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual, Exhibit
C, at Chapter 5.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.
The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112).

         4. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Altavian requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will
permit safe operation of the unmanned aircraft for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions over certain rural areas in the United States. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such

                                                         32
UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that

must be established for the safe operation of the aircraft systems in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

§ 21.16, for operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R.

Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual

design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for Altavian's intended operation of the Nova F6500 UAS, which

contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety

equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections

91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:

         The Rules From Which Altavian Seeks Exemption:

         Altavian, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 91.151(a)(1),
         91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Altavian Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Altavian, Inc. to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
         System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over certain
         rural areas of the United States.

                                                         33
G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
         Altavian's Request.
         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Altavian's request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, the Nova F6500 UAS has in the past, and will continue in
the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                                CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Altavian seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
operation of the Nova F6500 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the
limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over certain areas of the United States. By
granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by
allowing Altavian to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the Nova F6500 UAS
commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Altavian respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections

                                                         34
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit

Altavian to operate the Nova F6500 UAS for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and

research over certain rural areas of the United States.

Dated: December 12, 2014

                                   Respectfully submitted,

                                   The Aviation Law Firm

                                   /s/ Gregory S. Winton
                                   ____________________________
                                   Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                                   Jared M. Allen, Esq.
                                   1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                   Suite 300
                                   Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                   Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                   Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                   Attorneys for Petitioner

cc: James H. Williams, AFS-80
         Robert Pappas
         Dean Griffith, Esq.

                               35
