April 8, 2015

                                      Exemption No. 11290
                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0474

Mr. Paul Misener
Vice President, Global Public Policy
Amazon.com
440 Terry Avenue North
Seattle, WA 98109

Dear Mr. Misener:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated July 9, 2014,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Amazon.com (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct outdoor
research and development testing for Prime Air.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on August 15, 2014
(79 FR 48294). Nine comments were received. Four commenters, the Small UAV Coalition
(Coalition), Association for Unmanned Vehicle System International (AUVSI), the

1 By letter dated December 7, 2014, and posted to the public docket on December 8, 2014, the petitioner
responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

Unmanned Safety Institute (USI), and an individual supported the petition. Five commenters,
the Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA) the National Agricultural Aviation
Association (NAAA), and three individuals opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under Section 333 of
Public Law 112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and
operational circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial
vehicles based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The petitioner's UAS pose
considerably less safety risk than larger UAS used for defense and other aerospace purposes.
The Coalition asserted that because UAS operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to
safety, they should be subject to minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors2 in Section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in Section 333, such as: location, the airspace and altitude of its small UAV
operations, limited operational site access, two-way communications capability, and pilot
training and experience. The Coalition maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations
satisfy the seven factors in Section 333 and include several additional mitigating factors to
ensure the safety and security of the proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the
FAA must evaluate each factor within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS
operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should waive or exempt the requirement to hold
an airman certificate. The Coalition further stated that applying manned aircraft pilot
certification requirements to small unmanned aircraft is not necessary as a matter of safety,
and does not make sense as a matter of public policy.

The FAA notes that, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither Section 333, nor the FAA's exemption authority3
allows the FAA to exempt pilots from the statutory requirement to hold an airman
certificate as prescribed in 49 U.S.C. § 44711.

AUVSI asserted that Amazon's petition adequately addressed the safety requirements of a
number of FAA regulations. AUVSI and an individual commenter noted that there is a

2 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112­95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
national security; . . . ."
3 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f)
                                                                                                 3

compelling need for the FAA to allow Amazon to test their systems to ensure the next
evolution in package delivery happens in the United States first. They also cited the
economic benefits of small UAS.

USI supported the petitioner's proposed operating conditions and parameters, including the
use of highly qualified crews, line of sight operations, and restricted operating areas. USI
suggested the petitioner adopt a Safety Management System and ensure all crews are trained
in risk identification and Crew Resource Management. USI encouraged the FAA to work
with the petitioner to mitigate risks associated with the expansion of the project to a full scale
network of delivery UAS.

ALPA expressed concern that the request is for an outdoor private test range, proximate to
densely populated areas with substantial air traffic. ALPA stated that specific details of each
operation must be coordinated with the FAA, which would result in a considerable increase in
the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPA's concern and in order to minimize
potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each exemption holder operate under a
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) which addresses airspace considerations,
including requiring issuance of a NOTAM prior to operations. The FAA recognizes that UAS
integration will generate new NAS access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA commented on pilot qualification stating that UAS operators should be required to
hold commercial pilot certificate to ensure they are aware of their responsibilities as
commercial operators in the NAS. They also stated that medical requirements ensure
operators have the necessary visual and mental acuity to operate a commercial aircraft.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a sport
pilot certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in
the NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground. Additionally, as discussed
in Exemption No. 11213 (Aeryon Labs, Inc.) the FAA has determined that operating a UAS
with a U.S. issued driver's license rather than an FAA-issued medical certificate will not
adversely affect safety.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low-level airspace, and therefore clear low-level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see-and-avoid functions
to prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the
potential for collision with agricultural aircraft.

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: (a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations; (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the pilot in command (PIC) and the VO;
and (c) the UAS PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.
                                                                                                                 4

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS­B or
similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, and be painted in high-visibility
colors. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-sight of the
ground controller, with the assistance of a VO.

As discussed below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of factors laid
out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain operations. The
Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft operated by the
petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

Individual commenters noted that the FAA should not permit commercial small UAS
operations until noise levels are significantly reduced and a Preliminary System Safety
Assessment in accordance with SAE ARP4761 is completed.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Amazon-manufactured multi-rotor small UAS that
has been described to the FAA in a confidential filing.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.
                                                                                       5

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Amazon.com is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Amazon.com is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the an Amazon-
         manufactured multi-rotor small UAS that has been described to the FAA in a
         confidential filing when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.
                                                                                                            6

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
                                                                                                            7

    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
                                                                                                            8

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                                                                                           9

            the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
            present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
VIA FDMS 
 
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
Administrator 
Office of the Administrator 
Federal Aviation Administration 
800 Independence Avenue SW 
Washington, DC 20591 
 
July 9, 2014 
 

         Re:  Amazon Petition for Exemption  

Dear Administrator Huerta: 

         At Amazon, our energy comes from inventing on behalf of customers.  Amazon Prime Air, 
a  new  delivery  system  that  will  get  packages  to  customers  in  30  minutes  or  less  using  aerial 
vehicles, is one invention we are incredibly passionate about.  We believe customers will love it, 
and we are committed to making Prime Air available to customers worldwide as soon as we are 
permitted to do so. 

          
         Amazon  shares  Congress's  goal  of  getting  small  aerial  vehicles  (a.k.a.,  small  unmanned 
aircraft systems, or "sUAS") flying commercially in the United States safely and soon.  In the FAA 
Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  Congress  directed  the  FAA  "to  safely  accelerate  the 
integration  of  civil  unmanned  aircraft  systems  into  the  national  airspace  system"  and,  under 
Section  333  of  that  law,  gave  the  FAA  power  to  grant  innovators  "expedited  operational 
authorization" to do so.  By this petition, Amazon is seeking its first such authorization, in order 
to conduct additional research and development for Prime Air.  
           
         We  are  rapidly  experimenting  and  iterating  on  Prime  Air  inside  our  next  generation 
research and development lab in Seattle.  In the past five months, we have made advancements 
toward the development of highlyautomated aerial vehicles for Prime Air, including: 
             

              Testing a range of capabilities for our eighth and ninthgeneration aerial vehicles, 
                  including  agility,  flight  duration,  redundancy,  and  senseandavoid  sensors  and 
                  algorithms;  

              Developing  aerial  vehicles  that  travel  over  50  miles  per  hour,  and  will  carry  5
                  pound payloads, which cover 86% of products sold on Amazon; and 
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 2 

              Attracting a growing team of worldrenowned roboticists, scientists, aeronautical 
                  engineers, remote sensing experts, and a former NASA astronaut. 

         Current FAA rules allow hobbyists and manufacturers of model aircraft wide latitude in 
flying their sUAS outdoors.  Because Amazon is a commercial enterprise we have been limited to 
conducting R&D flights indoors or in other countries.  Of course, Amazon would prefer to keep 
the  focus,  jobs,  and  investment  of  this  important  research  and  development  initiative  in  the 
United States by conducting private research and development operations outdoors near Seattle 
­  where  our  next  generation  R&D  lab  and  distinguished  team  of  engineers,  scientists  and 
aeronautical professionals are located.  In order to allow outdoor R&D testing for Prime Air in the 
United States, we are submitting this petition for exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA 
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.   

         Granting Amazon an exemption to allow R&D testing outdoors in the United States is in 
the public interest because it advances Congress's goal of getting commercial sUAS flying in the 
United States safely and soon.  It is a necessary step towards realizing the consumer benefits of 
Amazon  Prime  Air  and,  at  this  point,  Amazon's  continuing  innovation  in  the  United  States 
requires the requested exemption for outdoor testing in support of our R&D. 

          
         Further,  granting  this  request  will  do  nothing  more  than  allow  Amazon  to  do  what 
thousands of hobbyists and manufacturers of model aircraft do every day, and we will abide by 
much  stronger  safety  measures  than  currently  required  for  these  groups  by  FAA  policies  and 
regulations.    In  this  petition  for  exemption,  we  seek  to  engage  in  essentially  the  same  type  of 
sUAS operation that the FAA would permit us to currently ­ but for the fact that Amazon is not a 
hobbyist or manufacturer of a model aircraft. 
 
         One  day,  seeing  Amazon  Prime  Air  will  be  as  normal  as  seeing  mail  trucks  on  the  road 
today, resulting in enormous benefits for consumers across the nation.  We respectfully submit 
this petition for exemption so that Prime Air can be ready to launch commercial operations as 
soon as eventually permitted by subsequent FAA action. 
          
          

                 Information Supporting this Petition as Specified in 14 C.F.R. §11.81 

    (a) Mailing  address  and  other  contact  information  such  as  a  fax  number,  telephone 
         number, or email address 
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 3 

Amazon.com                                
Legal Department 
Re: Prime Air Exemption Petition 
440 Terry Ave. North 
Seattle, WA  98109 
Fax: 2062667010  
Email: primeairexemption@amazon.com 
  

(b) The specific section or sections of 14 C.F.R. from which Amazon seeks an exemption 

     14 C.F.R. § 21.191(a) ­ Experimental Certificates   
          

     14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) ­  Display of marks; general 
          

     14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b) ­ Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements 
          

     14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b) ­ Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required 

         We believe an exemption from the regulations noted above will be sufficient to conduct 
the R&D described in this exemption request.  To the extent that FAA may deem it necessary, 
however, we also request an exemption from any regulations ancillary to the foregoing that may 
be needed to facilitate the desired operations.1 

(c)  The extent of relief Amazon seeks, and the reason Amazon seeks the relief 

         We seek an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45 and 
91 to the extent necessary to engage in private, noncommercial R&D operations of sUAS on our 
own  property  that  would  otherwise  be  expressly  permitted  if  conducted  by  a  hobbyist  or  a 

         1  Given  the  nature  of  the  specific  relief  sought  by  this  exemption  request  under  14  C.F.R.  §§ 
21.191(a),  45.23(b),  91.9(b)  and  91.203(a)  and  (b),  and  the  particular  contours  of  our  desired  testing 
operations  and  proposed  safeguards,  a  request  for  relief  from  any  associated  or  implementing 
requirements of several related provisions that may otherwise be applicable, such as 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.7(a) 
(civil  aircraft  airworthiness);  91.103(b)  (preflight  action);  91.109  (flight  instruction);  91.119  (minimum 
safe  altitudes);  91.121  (altimeter  settings);  91.151(a)  (fuel  requirements  in  VFR  conditions);  91.405(a) 
(maintenance  required);  91.407(a)(1)  (operation  after  maintenance,  preventative  maintenance, 
rebuilding, or alteration); 91.409(a)(2) (inspections); and 91.417(a) and (b) (maintenance records), should 
either be unnecessary as moot or deemed incorporated herein.  Nevertheless, we seek an exemption from 
any such specific provisions to the extent FAA finds it necessary to grant this request.   
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 4 

manufacturer  producing  such  sUAS.2    We  have  detailed,  below,  a  significant  set  of  safeguards 
that will apply to these R&D operations.  Operations under these safeguards will provide for a 
level  of  safety  exceeding  the  level  of  safety  required  of  similar  sUAS  operations  that  FAA 
authorizes currently and without requiring compliance with the regulations from which we seek 
an  exemption.    Moreover,  our  operations  will  not  "create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national 
airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security"3 and are thus consistent with 
the  congressional  mandate  in  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012, 
which  gives  FAA  a  mechanism  to  allow  certain  UAS  to  operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace 
system.  

         We also intend to use one or more of the six FAAselected test sites and seek a special 
airworthiness certificate (experimental category) for our sUAS.  However, it would be impractical 
for Amazon to pursue either one of these avenues as our sole or even primary method of R&D 
testing at this time, and doing so would unnecessarily tax scarce FAA resources.  For example, it 
would be an unreasonable burden on both the FAA and Amazon if we were required to apply for 
a special airworthiness certificate for every sUAS design or testing configuration while we are in 
R&D and conducting rapid prototyping.   

          
    (d) The reasons why granting Amazon's request would be in the public interest; that is, how 

         it would benefit the public as a whole  

         As  described  above,  Prime  Air  will  be  a  new  delivery  system  that  is  poised  to  offer 
enormous consumer benefits by delivering packages to customers in 30 minutes or less.  Please 
see the introduction for details on how granting this request would benefit the public. 

    (e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the 
         exemption  would  provide  a  level  of  safety  at  least  equal  to  that  provided  by  the  rule 
         from which Amazon seeks the exemption 

         Our R&D operations will provide for a level of safety that far exceeds the level of safety 
required  by  FAA  for  hobbyists  and  manufacturers  of  model  aircraft.4    The  following  operating 
procedures will apply during the R&D testing conducted under this exemption request:

         2  See Pub. L. No. 11295, § 336, 126 Stat. 7778. 

         3  See id., § 333, 126 Stat. 76. 

         4  Because  Amazon's  desired  testing  operations  could  not  possibly  be  conducted  using 
conventional aircraft, the level of safety required of hobbyists and manufacturers of model aircraft is the 
appropriate comparison.  
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 5 

     The sUAS will (i) have a maximum weight of less than 55  pounds; (ii)  be rotor
         powered  via  a  battery  source;  and  (iii)  be  U.S.registered  and  display  marks  in 
         accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C.5 
          

     Our sUAS R&D testing under this exemption will be conducted (i) within the visual 
         line  of  sight  of  the  operator  and/or  one  or  more  observers;  (ii)  at  less  than  400 
         feet AGL; and (iii) within Class G airspace.
          

     The operations will be conducted in a confined area over isolated Amazon private 
         property located a sufficient distance away from (i) any airport, heliport, seaplane 
         base,  spaceport  or  other  location  with  aviation  activities;  (ii)  any  densely 
         populated areas; and (iii) any military or U.S. government installations or airfields.6 
         

     All  operations  will  remain  within  the  lateral  and  vertical  boundaries  of  the 
         operating  area,  taking  into  account  all  factors,  including  wind,  gross  weight  and 
         glide  distances,  that  may  affect  the  capability  of  the  sUAS  to  remain  within  the 
         airspace  boundary;  moreover,  the  integrity  of  the  operating  area  will  be 
         reinforced by geofencing,7 including the ceiling height of no more than 400 feet 
         AGL. 
         

     Our  sUAS  R&D  testing  under  this  exemption  will  be  conducted  (i)  under  the 
         supervision of a designated pilot in command (PIC) who has final responsibility for 
         the operation in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.3 and either (A) holds a current 
         FAA private pilot certificate issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 61, Subpart E, a higher FAA 
         pilot  certification,  or  a  FAArecognized  equivalent8  or  (B)  has  completed  FAA 
         private  pilot  ground  instruction  and  passed  the  FAA  private  pilot  written 

         5 To the extent that FAA determines that the Amazon sUAS operating under this exemption must 
bear an "experimental" marking, we seek an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) to accommodate the 
required markings pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f). 

         6 We will apply separately for the necessary certificates of waiver from the requirements of 14 
C.F.R. §§ 91.113 and 91.119 and the associated airspace authorization.  Specific details of the operating 
area,  including  latitude  and  longitude,  and  aeronautical  charts  and/or  photographs,  will  be  provided  in 
conjunction with that application process.   

         7 Geofencing is a feature in a software program that uses GPS or radio frequency triangulation to 
define geographical boundaries.  A geofence is a virtual barrier ­ effectively an electronic box in which 

the sUAS will be confined. 
         8  A  private  pilot  certificate  should  be  sufficient  for  the  PIC  to  conduct  these  research  and 

development sUAS flights.  See 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(b). 
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 6 

         examination or FAArecognized equivalent; and (ii) using only operators that have 
         completed  training  on  the  normal,  abnormal,  and  emergency  procedures  in 
         specific details and demonstrated proficiency with the sUAS being operated.

     No operator or observer will engage in, nor may an operator or observer permit, 
         any activity during a critical phase of flight which could distract any operator or 
         observer from the performance of his/her duties or interfere in any way with the 
         proper conduct of his/her duties.

     Operators will maintain the sUAS system in a condition for safe operation, and  
         conduct a preflight inspection prior to each flight so as to ensure that the sUAS, 
         control  station,  data  link  equipment,  payload,  and  support  equipment  are  in  a 
         condition for safe operation and in a configuration appropriate for the purpose of 
         the intended flight. 
          

     The  operators  and  observers  will  maintain  twoway  communications  with  each 
         other during all operations; if unable to maintain twoway communications, or if 
         any  condition  occurs  that  may  otherwise  cause  the  operation  to  be  unsafe,  the 
         operator will immediately conclude the operation. 

     Each sUAS will safely stop operating and return automatically to a specific location 
         on Amazon's private property if the communications link is lost.

     For each sUAS, the observer will have the ability to press a physical button, that 
         will be within his/her reach at all times, that reduces power to the vehicle so as to 
         force a controlled landing; both the hardware and communication for this safety 
         system will be physically separate from the sUAS flight control systems.  
          

     Testing  operations  will  be  conducted  on  private  property,  and  only  Amazon 
         employees, contract personnel, and invitees will be invited to the operations area; 
         security measures will be put in place to deter unauthorized access.

     The  aircraft  documentation  required  by  14  C.F.R.  §§  91.9  and  91.203(b),  as 
         applicable, will be available to the  PIC referred to above at any time  Amazon's 
         sUAS are operating.

We will effectively operate our own private model airplane field, but with additional safeguards 
that  go  far  beyond  those  that  FAA  has  longheld  provide  a  sufficient  level  of  safety  for  public 
model airplane fields ­ and only with sUAS.  Indeed, the combination of the geofencing and lost
The Honorable Michael P. Huerta 
July 9, 2014 
Page 7 

link procedures described above will ensure the sUAS stays within the tightly defined operating 
area within our private property. 

    (f) A summary FAA can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating: (1) The rule from which you 
         seek the exemption; and (2) A brief description of the nature of the exemption you seek 

  Petitioner: Amazon.com, Inc. 

         Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected: §§ 21.191(a); 45.23(b); 91.9(b); and 91.203(a) and (b) 

         Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 
21.191(a);  45.23(b);  91.9(b);  and  91.203(a)  and  (b)  to  conduct  private,  noncommercial  small 
unmanned  aircraft  systems  (sUAS)  operations  on  its  own  property  subject  to  operating 
procedures that meet or exceed those that FAA requires for similar operations.  

    (g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your request 
          
         Please see the introduction to this exemption request.  
          

    (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside of the United States, 
         the reason why you need to do so. 

         The  research  and  development  operations  described  in  this  exemption  request  will  be 
conducted wholly within the United States. 

 

         Please do not hesitate to contact me via email at primeairexemption@amazon.com if 
you have any questions or concerns. 

                                                       
                                                      Respectfully submitted, 

                                                                                         
                                                      Paul Misener 
                                                      Vice President, Global Public Policy  
                                                      Amazon.com
