July 20, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11393A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1097

Mr. Patrick A. Smith
Associate
Surveying and Mapping, LLC
4801 Southwest Parkway, Building Two, Suite 100
Austin, TX 78735

Dear Mr. Smith:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition for an amendment. It explains
the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists any changes to the original conditions
and limitations.

By letter dated May 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Surveying and Mapping, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an amendment
to your current exemption. That exemption from §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR)
allows the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. You requested an
amendment to add the 3DRobotics Aero-M, 3D Robotics Iris+, and Trimble UX5.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight, speed
and operating capabilities to those in this petition.
                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11393
remains valid and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the authority contained
in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, the operator is
granted an amendment to add new aircraft to its UAS operations.

The operator shall add this amendment to its original exemption.

Conditions and Limitations

All conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11393 remain in effect except
as follows. Condition No. 1 has been updated to reflect the additional aircraft.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Allied Drones
    HornetCam, 3DRobotics Aero-M, 3D Robotics Iris+, and Trimble UX5 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                        Surveying And Mapping, LLC
                                    4801 Southwest Parkway, Building Two, Suite 100, Austin, TX 78735
                                        Ofc 512.447.0575 Fax 512.326.3029
                                        info@sam.biz www.sam.biz TX Firm# 10064300

May 5, 2015

U.S. Department ofTransportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Request to Amend Exemption Number 11393 (Granted 20 April 2015) issued
         pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
         Regulations in Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0353-0001

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012, Pub. L. No. 112-95,
126 Stat. 11 (amending 49 U.S.C.) (hereinafter, the "Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
Surveying And Mapping, LLC ("SAM" or "Applicant"), developer and operator of small
unmanned aircraft systems (singularly a "sUAS" or cumulatively "sUASs") equipped to conduct
professional aerial land surveying and geospatial services, hereby applies for a petition to amend
Exemption Number 11393, granted April 20, 2015 (the "Exemption"), to allow commercial
operation of three additional sUAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined by the grant of the Exemption.

As SAM is only requesting to add aircraft to the Exemption, we do not feel that this amendment
qualifies as precedent-setting, per guidance located at:
http://aes.faa.gov/Petition/faq5a.html. The Applicant respectfully submits that good cause exists
so that notice does not need to be published in the Federal Register for the requested amendment.

Currently, per paragraph 1 of the section of exemption number 11393 named "Conditions and
Limitations", SAM's exemption is limited to operations using the Allied Drones HometCam, and
proposed operations of any other aircraft require a petition to amend exemption number 11393.

The name and address of the applicant is:

         Surveying And Mapping, LLC
         Attention: Pat Smith
         4801 Southwest Parkway
         Bldg. Two, Suite 100
         Austin, TX 78735
         Telephone: (512) 685-3542
         Email: psmith@sam.biz
The Applicant hereby requests to amend the Exemption, and the issuance of an FAA Form 7711-
1 UAS COA Attachment, to allow the use of the following three sUAS:

     1. 3DRobotics Aero-M aircraft
     2. 3DRobotics Iris+ aircraft, and
     3. Trimble UX5 aircraft.

          (Aircraft numbered 1, 2 and 3 above, collective the "Amendment Aircraft")

In parallel to the Exemption, these aircraft will be used for commercial aerial data collection by
Applicant. Aircraft technical data and checklists are attached to this petition, labeled Annex A
(Aero-M Operation Manual), Annex B (Iris+ Operation Manual), and Annex C (UX5 Operation
Manual). Previously granted exemptions 11379, 11204, 11329, and 11257 allowed for the use of
the Amendment Aircraft, respectively, for commercial purposes, and we feel this petition to
amend 11393 is similar in material respects to the aforementioned granted exemptions, and
similar in all material respects to Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213, referenced
in the Exemption. In accordance with the conditions and limitations granted to SAM under
11393, the applicant requests exemption from the following while operating the Amendment
Aircraft:

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.

In accordance with the section of 11393 known as "Conditions and Limitations", SAM hereby
requests to operate the Amendment Aircraft while adhering to the conditions and limitations
listed below:

   1. Operations authorized by this amendment to the Exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics
        Aero-M, the 3DRobotics Iris+, and the Trimble UX5 Aircraft each when weighing less
        than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
        new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

   2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
        permitted.

   3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
        exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
        compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
        airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft
        manufacturer.

   4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
       (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

   5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
       requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
      lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S. driver's
     license.

 6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
     visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
     satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
     VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic messaging or
     texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the
     flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
     must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

 7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations
     in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
     hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
     accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If
     a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
     procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
     precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
     outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
     documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
     and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
     The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
     or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
     revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
     operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
     Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
     revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
     flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
     functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
     Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with aVO and must remain at least
     500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a manner
     so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
     condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is
    in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
    discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a
    condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from
    operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be
    in a condition for safe flight.
 11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
     inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

 12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
     bulletins.

 13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
     private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA
     airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
     Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC
     must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
     14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot cettificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
     safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under
     this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
     distances fi:om persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours
     and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
     14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
     (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely
     operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
     exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However, training operations
     may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency,
     and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are
     considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
     with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
    with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA- published
    aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained
    or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement
    with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
-S- IIMC"'"'t.GuRv£VIHG+AERIAL HAPPING+EtroiH!ERI:G
     ~-------·~~··--·----

            20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
                weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended
                operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
                recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

           21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
                operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption
                holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that
                cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

           22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
                number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
                large as practicable.

           23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and any
                documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
                Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
                must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

           24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
                activities at all times.

            25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

           26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
               persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                 a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
                      from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
                      nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                      nonpatiicipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA,
                      flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety of
                      nonparticipating persons; and

                 b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for
                    operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk
                    of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
                    present an undue hazard.

                    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating
                    persons under this exemption.
        27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
            permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
            Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
            obtained for each flight to be conducted.

       28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
            boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
            the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
            to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
            NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

    Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
    operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
    45, 47, 61, and 91.

                                                           Summary

    Approval of this amendment to the granted Exemption and the issuance of an FAA Form 771 I-1
    UAS COA Attachment, allowing the operation of the aircraft listed in this document, will
    provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the amendment requested herein. The
    Amendment Aircraft possess even more enhanced safety features than the Allied Drones
    HometCam which was approved for use in the Exemption, and when operated within the
    conditions and limitations outlined in the Exemption are far safer than conventional operations
    conducted with manned aircraft used for aerial data acquisition.

    Please let me know if you have any questions concerning this request for an amendment to the
    Exemption.

u~
    Patrick A. Smith, RPLS
    Associate
   Surveying and Mapping LLC (SAM)
   4801 Southwest Parkway
   Parkway Two, Suite 100
   Austin, TX 78735
   Direct 512.685.3542

   Attachments:

   Annex A (Aero-M Operation Manual)
   Annex B (Iris+ Operation Manual)
   Annex C (UX5 Operation Manual)
