July 21, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11307A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1018

Mr. Christopher Lawler
Price Aviation Group
422 Blossom Lane
Frederick, MD 21701

Dear Mr. Lawler:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition for an amendment. It explains
the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists any changes to the original conditions
and limitations.

By letter dated April 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Price Aviation Group (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an amendment to your
current exemption. That exemption from §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the
petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. You requested an amendment
to add the PAG X4.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight, speed
and operating capabilities to those in this petition.

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                                 2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11307
remains valid and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the authority contained
in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, the operator is
granted an amendment to add new aircraft to its UAS operations.

The operator shall add this amendment to its original exemption.

Conditions and Limitations

All conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11307 remain in effect except
as follows. Condition No. 1 has been updated to reflect the additional aircraft.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR X8+ and
    PAG X4 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                       Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                           Exemption #11307
                                                                                                                   Amendment

                                                                                                           1
         BASIS FOR THE AMENDMENT TO EXEMPTION #11307

         Price Aviation Group (PAG) received a 333 Exemption #11307 to operate a 3DR
X8+ for aerial data collection. The aircraft is appropriate for missions that require a
heavy payload. PAG is requesting an amendment to Exemption #11307 to operate a
smaller UAS for missions that require a smaller payload capacity.

         PAG will continue to use 3DR X8+ technology when necessary or until this
amendment is approved. PAG is requesting this amendment to operate a smaller UAS.
The small UAS is a proprietary design that utilizes the same 3DR command and control
functions as the X8+. The technology that is available from this company includes the
necessary restrictions on performance to comply with FAA requirements:

Maximum Altitude*              200ft
Range*                         984ft from launch point
GPS Lock                       GPS lock required at all times
Maximum estimated flight time  15 min
Payload capacity               300 g (.66 lbs.)

         PAG's design utilizes the same flight controller and R/C system as the X8+. The
change involves the frame and motor configuration. The frame is carbon fiber to reduce
gross weight and increase strength. The frame utilizes the same X configuration as the
3DR X8+, with the removal of the additional motor capacity to reduce payload. The
reduced payload capacity allows this vehicle to reduce its gross takeoff weight to 4.2
pounds.

         All operations manuals approved for the 3DR X8+ will continue to be followed
for the X4 including recommended safety and maintenance checks. Modified checklist
and design information is included in the Appendix.

Summary for Federal Register publication.

          The Rules From Which PAG Seeks Exemption: Conditions
          and Limitations #1 of Exemption #11307.

          A. Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Amendment PAG Seeks:

          Price Aviation Group (PAG) seeks an amendment to exemption
          #11307 to operate a small UAS with an equivalent level of safety.
          The amendment requests use of a proprietary design to perform
          aerial data collection.
                                                                                                      Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                          Exemption #11307
                                                                                                                  Amendment

                                                                                                           2

                                            CONCLUSION

         PAG is requesting an amendment to #1 of the Conditions and Limitatio ns issued
with Exemption #11307 included as an appendix to this document which states PAG will
only operate a 3DR X8+. Allowing PAG to operate a PAG X4 will allow an equivalent
level of safety by decreased the UAS gross weight, but maintaining the reliability of
proven 3DR technology.

 Submitted By:

 Christopher
 Lawler Price
 Aviation Group
 April 26, 2015
                                                                                                     Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                         Exemption #11307
                                                                                                                 Amendment

                                                                                                          3

                                             APPENDIX

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Price Aviation Group is hereafter referred to as the
operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption
will be grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR
         X8+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television
         filming are not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per
         hour). The exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated
         airspeed to determine compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case
         will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating
         airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
         ground level (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
         times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
         device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued
         airman medical certificate or U.S.driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated
         within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO
         may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always
         maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate
         verbally at all times; electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during
         flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
         transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must
         ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this
                                                                                                    Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                       Exemption #11307
                                                                                                               Amendment

                                                                                                        4
       grant of exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents.
       The operating documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made
       available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between
       the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in
       the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
       precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
       procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or
       revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
       revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator or
       any law enforcement official upon request. The

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
    extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines
    that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
    this exemption, then the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of
    exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
    questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
    must undergo a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under
    this exemption. Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO
    and must remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight
    must be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons
    and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that
    it is in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine
    the UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account
    for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If
    the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
    aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also
                                                                                                    Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                       Exemption #11307
                                                                                                               Amendment

                                                                                                        5
    hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license
    issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession,
    or the Federal government. The PIC must also meet the flight review
    requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will
    be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers
    and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
    structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a
    manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training
    the operator's PICs and VOs

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability
    to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption.
    However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training
    sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
    persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the
    PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
    accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
    All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
    (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
    (ARP) as denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for
    airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on
    the current FAA- published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with
    that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to
    the exemption holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must
    be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
    request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
    PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre- determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
              Price Aviation Group
                 Exemption #11307
                         Amendment

                                   6

emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to
    conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or
    with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA).
    All operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA.
    The exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to
    conduct operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached
    COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45,
    Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

  23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the
      UAS and any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be
      available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
      aircraft is operating. These documents must be made available to the
      Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
    nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
          persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
          must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If
          a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and
          are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a
          manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
          permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a
          safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and
          determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.
                                                                                                 Price Aviation Group
                                                                                                     Exemption #11307
                                                                                                             Amendment

                                                                                                      7
27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access

    property with permission from the property owner/controller or authorized
    representative. Permission from property owner/controller or authorized
    representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
    vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA
    must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
    hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
    (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                             Price Aviation Group
                                                                Exemption #11307
                                                                        Amendment

                                                                                  8

PAG X4 Checklist
         After completion of exemption #11307 requirements.

T/O Checklist

1. Propellers are attached tightly to the motors in the correct order and the GPS mast is
     oriented vertically.

2. The X4 is powered with the battery secured.
3. The controller is set to CH 7 OFF, standard (STD) mode, and RTL OFF.
4. The status LED displays blinking green, indicating that the X4 has acquired GPS

     lock.
5. The X4 is situated at a safe, unobstructed launch point, facing away from you.

    Flight Checklist

1. Continuously monitor GPS system integrity.
2. Battery monitoring for voltage and capacity.
3. Traffic monitoring through use of visual observer
4. Mission monitoring.

    Landing/Post flight

1. Secure area.
2. Return to launch point.
3. Ensure proper disarm of system.
4. Post flight maintenance.
           Price Aviation Group
              Exemption #11307
                      Amendment

                                9

Failsafes

The PAG X4 is programmed with a set of failsafe behaviors to prevent a crash in
    the event of a loss of one of the data or communication channels required for
    flight. Although certain failsafes have assigned LED indicators and tones, it is
    unlikely that you will be able to see these at a distance. Monitor the ground
    station for failsafe indications. If a failsafe is triggered, the assigned behavior
    will activate. To override the failsafe behavior, use the controller to switch to
    standard mode and regain manual control.

RC Controller Signal Failsafe
Physical obstructions and interference from nearby wireless signals can affect the

    X8's connection with the controller.

If the X4 loses contact with the controller, it will return to the launch point auto-
    matically and land, indicated by a blinking yellow status LED.

    Low Battery Failsafe
Environmental conditions, payload, and flying style can affect power

    consumption. Use the controller's flight data display to monitor the
    voltage of the battery during flight.

If the battery reaches 14 V, the X4 will land automatically at the current
    position, indicated by a blinking yellow status LED and a quick repeating
    tone.

GPS Failsafe
The X4requires GPS lock before takeoff. Enclosed areas, physical

    obstructions, and lack of available satellites can affect GPS strength. If
    the X8 loses GPS lock in flight, it will trigger a GPS failsafe, indicated
    by a blinking blue and yellow LED with a high-high-high-low tone,
    and automatically switch to manual control (standard - altitude hold
    mode).
Always be prepared to regain manual control at any time while flying and
    choose an unobstructed flying area to improve GPS signal strength. When
    flying a mission, we recommended changing the GPS failsafe behavior to
    land. (Visit 3DR.com/X8/info for more information about configuring the
    GPS failsafe.)
                                                                                    Price Aviation Group
                                                                                       Exemption #11307
                                                                                               Amendment

                                                                                                         10

         Altitude Failsafe
         The X4 has a 100 m (328 ft) altitude geofence enabled by default. If the

             geofence is breached, the X4 will automatically RTL.

 400 ft  100
(120 m)

         Range Failsafe
         The X4 has a 300 m (984 ft) horizontal geofence enabled by default. If

             the X8 travels farther than 300 m from the launch point, it will
             automatically return to the launch point and land. If you plan to fly
             a mission that exceeds this range, you will need to disable the
             horizontal geofence. The range failsafe will be disabled in the event
             of a GPS failsafe.
                                                          Price Aviation Group
                                                             Exemption #11307
                                                                     Amendment

                                                                               11

PAG X4
550mm Carbon Fiber Frame using aircraft grade materials.
Weight at max payload 4.2 lbs.

Electronics
         3DR-Pixhawk Flight Controller/GPS
                  3DR Failsafes enabled
         T-Motor-Motors and ESCs
         Spektrum R/C Equipment

Proprietary Landing gear design-available upon request

Bare Frame
