May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11567
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0388

Mr. Beau Dealy
Managing Partner
Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC
1702 Agnes Drive
Hays, KS 67601

Dear Mr. Dealy:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision agriculture, market research, surveying, mapping and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an AgEagle.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AgEagle when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Page 1 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

 
U.S. Department of Transportation / 
Federal Aviation Administration 
Docket Management System  
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  
Washington, DC 20590  
 
For: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the 
Federal Aviation Regulations Concerning Operation of an Unmanned Aerial System 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. 
 
 
Submitted: February 16, 2015 
 
Beau Dealy 
Managing Partner 
Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC 
1702 Agnes Dr 
Hays, Kansas 67601 
7852619591 
beau@apisremote.com 
  

          
Page 2 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Contents

    1. Overview of Exemption
    2. Applicable Legal Standard under Section 333
    3. Summary Background of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System
    4. Scope of Mission Operations
    5. Evidence of Airworthiness
    6. Safety Features
    7. Mandatory Operating Conditions
    8. Operator Requirements
    9. Appendices, Attachments, and Confidentiality of Proprietary

        Documents
    10. Summary & Conclusion
 

Appendix A

Overview of Regulations from which Exemption is Requested; Including
Explanation in the Context of Appropriateness, Safety, and Benefit to the
Public Interest.

Appendix B

Company Profile

Appendix C

Technical Specifications of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System

             1. Physical Characteristics of the AgEagle
             2. Performance Characteristics of the AgEagle
             3. Maintenance
             4. Reliability
             5. Fault Tolerance
             6. Emergency Procedures and System Failures
             7. Command and Control Systems
 
  

          
Page 3 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

 
February 16, 2015 
 
U.S. Department of Transportation  
Docket Management System  
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  
Washington, DC 20590  
 
Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the 
Federal Aviation Regulations 
 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform 
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC (Apis), seeks an 
exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed in Part 1. "Overview of 
Exemption" listed below and further detailed in Appendix A.  
 
The requested exemption would permit market research and commercial operations for 
the 2015 release of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System ("AgEagle") manufactured by 
AgEagle, LLC Neodesha, Kansas, USA for which Apis is a technology advisor, 
authorized training partner, and reseller. 

1. Overview of Exemption
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows: 

         14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H 
         14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b) 
         14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) 
         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b) 
         14 C.F.R. 61.133(a) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.119(c) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1) 
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2) 

          
Page 4 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) 
          
 While a collective case for exemption is made within this letter, Appendix A takes care 
 to discuss each rule listed prior in relevant context to the request showing why 
 exemption from the FARs of concern are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of 
 safety, and are in the public interest. 

2. Applicable Legal Standard under Section 333
Apis submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the AgEagle in precision 
agriculture, market research, surveying, mapping and inspection operations will 
advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the 
introduction of small Unmanned Aerial Systems ("sUAS") into the National Airspace 
system ("NAS") if it can be accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of 
Transportation to consider whether certain sUASs may operate safely in the NAS before 
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making 
this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of sUAS do not 
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in 
light of the following:  
  

     The size, weight, speed, and operational capability of the sUAS.  
     Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas.  
     Operation of the sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.  
  
Reform Act  333(b)(1) states that if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may 
operate safely in the national airspace system", the Secretary shall establish 
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. 
333(c)1. 
 
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. 
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is 
defined under 40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a 
current airworthiness certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to 
operate aircraft in commercial service:  
 
The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 
prescribed under  

1 http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CRPT112hrpt381/pdf/CRPT112hrpt381.pdf 

          
Page 5 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 4470244716 of this title if the  
Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.  
  
49 U.S.C. 44701(f). See also 49 USC 44711(a) 49 USC 44704 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1).  
  
The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear 
direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act the additional authority in the Federal 
Aviation Act, as amended the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the 
proposed operations and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and 
cost savings associated with transitioning to sUASs for aerial surveying, mapping and 
inspection applications. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA 
grant the requested exemption without delay.  
 

3. Summary Background of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System
The AgEagle is a batterypowered electric fixed wing aircraft with a wingspan of 
approximately 56 inches and a take off weight of approximately 7.5 pounds including 
payload. The AgEagle is programmed and operated primarily using cellular data 
network services, with the Pilot In Command ("PIC") overseeing operations using a 
laptop, tablet computer or smartphone connected to the Internet (usually over the same 
cellular data network). The AgEagle can also be piloted over a 900 MHz radio using a 
laptop, tablet, or smartphone. Failsafe controls for emergency landings are also 
available via a 900 MHz industrystandard transmitter / receiver. 

4. Scope of Mission Operations
The primary role of the AgEagle is aerialbased land survey in sparselypopulated rural 
areas including the acquisition of aerial photography for photogrammetric and 
preliminary "scouting" purposes primarily in the precision agriculture market space. The 
AgEagle is equipped to carry either stillshot or video cameras, as well as stillshot 
cameras that have been modified to detect nearinfrared spectra in wavelengths attuned 
to plant health. Ultimately, the AgEagle system enables land stakeholders to make 
informed decisions in the context of acreage. In the case of industries such as 
agriculture, the goal is enhanced land management and resource conservation that 
saves the land operator input costs while maximizing yield. 
 
As described in detail following, the scope of this exemption would permit the AgEagle 
to operate commercially in controlled conditions on private ground with the permission 
of the landowner and/or operator at low altitudes in a limited flight duration over an 

          
Page 6 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

airspace that is inherently limited in range. Furthermore, the relatively small size, low 
weight, and lack of hazardous payload (fuel) when compared to conventional manned 
aircraft make the AgEagle a lowerrisk alternative to conventional manned aircraft 
designed to perform similar missions. 
 

5. Evidence of Airworthiness
Critical to our exemption application is evidence of the airworthiness of the AgEagle 
robotic aircraft solution. Since inception of its proprietary airframe design, AgEagle, LLC 
believes that it has shown compliance through a history of flight operations totaling 
approximately 19,080 operational hours2. Furthermore, the AgEagle solution is a 
product that is delivered to the customer fully rigged and fight tested. The AgEagle is 
sold as a complete product solution. Should the AgEagle not be airworthy, then a lack of 
sales would justify this conclusion and consumers would not continue to purchase the 
AgEagle. 
 
The confidence of foreign regulatory bodies with respect to regular commercial use of 
the AgEagle has been already been proven specifically in Australia. Falcon UAV, the 
AgEagle retailer for Australia (http://www.falconuav.com.au), has applied for and 
received a UAV Operator's Certificate from the Australian Civil Aviation Safety Authority 
("CASA"). Falcon UAV is currently operating the AgEagle commercially under this 
certificate. Falcon UAV has graciously made this certificate available to Apis who can in 
turn confidentially provide this document to the FAA for review upon request. 

6. Safety Features
The criteria set forth in current regulation specify the substantive showings of the safety 
and fitness of a device for operation to ensure that the FAA has sufficient basis to 
evaluate the aircraft's safety. The AgEagle has a significant set of automated features 
provided by DroneDeploy, a San Francisco, Californiabased UAV solutions company 
that provides a hardware / software solution that ensures safe takeoff, flight and landing 
in all but extreme conditions. Further details of operation can be found in Appendix C.  
 

2 As of Dec 2014, AgEagle staff and customers have performed over 6,360 flights, logging 19,080 hours of 
flight time with the first generation AgEagle regarding both development and release versions. The current 
generation product, has achieved over 480 flights and 1,440 hours of flight time globally by AgEagle and its 
customers. This is a significant amount of flight time collected to understand and refine the AgEagle sUAS 
as a product. AgEagle, LLC has gone on public record in the form of their own exemption request 
(FAA201411040001) dated December 29, 2014 stating these flight hours as justification of airworthiness. 

          
Page 7 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Facilitated by the DroneDeploy solution, automated safety functions and 
safetyenhancing features of the AgEagle include:  

     Automated preflight system performance checks and calibrations 
     A preflight checklist for the sUAS operator 
     A onebutton "hit the deck" collision avoidance command which causes the 

         aircraft to drop from its cruising altitude and loiter at 50 feet AGL. 
     Automated condition and fault detection, warnings, and predefined responses to 

         a number of flight and system conditions including:  
              High winds with system and user defined safety thresholds  
              Low battery with system and user defined safety thresholds  
              High temperature and other hardware safety threshold monitors  
              An automated return protocol for a lost communication link 

     Predefined responses to flight parameters exceeding the aforementioned safety 
         thresholds include behavior such as: 
              Attempting to reestablish radio communication 
              Returning to the home position to loiter 
              Returning to the home position to land 
              Landing at the current position  

     In the case of a lost GPS fix, a nonautomated flight mode is enabled which 
         allows the operator to provide manual navigation inputs to assist in landing the 
         vehicle.  

 
7. Mandatory Operating Conditions
The requested exemption would permit the commercial operation of the AgEagle under 
the following restrictions: 

     Operations will be performed in Class G Airspace. 
     Operations will be conducted 5 nautical miles outside of medium to large airports

         3. 
     Operations will be conducted outside of U.S. Military Bases, U.S. National Parks4 

         and posted Temporary Flight Restrictions ("TFRs")5. 
     Operations will be performed at an altitude of no more than 400 foot above 

         ground level ("AGL") at a target speed of 40 knots. 
     Operations will be performed on private property with documented permission of 

         the landowner and / or land operator. 

3 As illustrated on the World VFR map on http://skyvector.com  
4 As illustrated on https://www.mapbox.com/drone/nofly/# 
5 As Illustrated on the FAA TFR Map http://tfr.faa.gov/tfr_map_ims/html/index.html 

          
Page 8 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

     The aircraft will be operated in the field with both a Pilot In Command ("PIC") and 
         a Visual Observer ("VO"). 

     The PIC will file a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM") prior to each flight. 
     The aircraft will remain within the visual lineofsight of the PIC for the duration of 

         the mission. 
     For the duration of the mission, the VO will maintain direct voice contact with the 

         PIC. 
     Operations will occur during daytime hours under visual meteorological 

         conditions. 
     The aircraft will be operated in sparsely populated areas away from large 

         assemblies of people and heavily trafficked roads. 
     Any additional State and / or Local permits will be obtained prior to operation. 
 

8. Operator Requirements
Given the comprehensive set of safety features builtin to the AgEagle, Apis proposes 
the following operator requirements in good faith with the safety of the National Airspace 
being paramount:  
  

     The operator must have successfully completed and passed the FAA private pilot 
         written examination or an FAA recognized equivalent. 

     The operator must have completed a training program authorized by AgEagle, 
         LLC for operation and maintenance of the AgEagle robotic aircraft system. 

 
Apis notes that the FAA has found that the aforementioned safety factors have been 
sufficient to allow operation of sUASs by operators in the context of operations pursuant 
to public COAs6. The FAA has the statutory authority to grant exemptions to the 
requirements for and privileges associated with the grant of airmen's certificates per 49 
USC 44701 (f).  
 

     In addition, the operator will submit to a security background check equivalent to 
         that currently required to obtain a private pilot's license. The FAA has made it 
         clear in preceding exemptions7 approved for operations in the same context that 
         this type of security screening is critical to safety of the National Airspace but as 
         no official security screening procedures currently exist in the context of sUAS 

6 See Federal Aviation Administration, Notice N8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational 
Approval, July 30, 2013. 
7 See exemption approvals 11110, and 11136 

          
Page 9 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

         operation, Apis is willing to work with a representative from the FAA and / or the 
         Department of Homeland Security directly to ensure this qualification is met. 
 
 

9. Appendices, Attachments, and Confidentiality of Proprietary Documents
Pursuant to this exemption from the FARs set forth above, Appendix A outlines the 
specifics of this request in detail so as to illustrate the applicant's understanding of their 
impact with regards to the safety of the National Airspace. As a steward of such, Apis 
has provided contextual detail pertaining to the operation of Apis Remote Sensing 
Systems as a company in Appendix B as well as the technical specifications of our 
preferred sUAS platform, the AgEagle in Appendix C. 
 
Additional documents pertaining to the specific maintenance and operation of the 
AgEagle are proprietary to Apis and AgEagle LLC. As such, Apis requests that such 
documents be held as confidential by the FAA as such time as said documents are 
provided to the FAA for review. Apis can and will provide these documents on request, 
but asks for a direct communication with an FAA liaison to provide the materials as 
such.   

10. Summary & Conclusion
To summarize, we the applicant seek an exemption outlined in specific detail in 
Appendix A for the allowance of market research and commercial operations of a small 
unmanned vehicle in surveying, mapping and inspection operations.  Approval of the 
exemption allowing market research and commercial operations of the AgEagle for 
surveying, mapping and inspection operations will enhance safety by reducing risk. 
Conventional aerial survey and inspection operations using manned aircraft involve 
significantly larger aerial vehicles compared to the AgEagle, carry a significant quantity 
of combustible fuels, and require an onboard multiperson crew in piloting, observation, 
and survey roles. These operations require air transit to and from the location of the 
activity, and said operations have the propensity to include congested environments in 
close proximity to physical obstacles and / or presence of the general public. By 
contrast, the AgEagle weighs 7.5 lbs including payloads, uses a battery for power, does 
not require use of the National Airspace in transit to and from the area of activity, 
removes the need for airborne pilot and crew, and poses less risk to people and 
infrastructure on the ground.  
  

          
Page 10 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

In the context of air safety and national security, the AgEagle possesses the following 
attributes: 

     A small to modest overall size consisting of a 56 inch wingspan and a weight of 
         7.5 lbs. 

     A limited range governed by an approximate 40 minute operational time with 
         flyaway failsafes. 

     Load carrying capacity limited to a single sensor approximate to the size of a 
         consumer pointandshoot camera. 

     A cruising speed of approximately 35 knots governed by software failsafes. 
     Multiple failsafe measures inherent to the design of the system implemented to 

         ensure safe flight, recovery and incident mitigation. 
     No payload of explosives, combustibles, or other dangerous materials, such as 

         fuel. 
Given the aforementioned attributes in comparison to existing aircraft currently in 
operation in the national airspace, the AgEagle poses little if any threat to national 
security by the grant of the requested exemptions. 
  
The operation of the AgEagle for market research, surveying, mapping and inspection 
operations in accordance with the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an 
equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein, 
including exempting AgEagle from the airworthiness requirements in Part 21 of 14 CFR.  
  
The satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act (i.e. size, 
weight, speed, operating capabilities, operation within Visual LineOfSight ("VLOS") 
and lack of proximity to airports, populated or areas national security) and demonstrated 
equivalent level of safety as it relates to the requirement for FAA pilot certification, 
provide adequate if not significant justification for the grant of the requested exemptions 
allowing Apis commercial operation of the AgEagle in agricultural market research, 
surveying, mapping and inspection operations.  
 
In conclusion, the safe operation of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System is of utmost 
concern, and safety remains paramount. Apis intends to operate within the spirit of all 
applicable FAA regulations and will adhere to any further refinements. The operation of 
sUAS for precision agriculture in remote rural areas can and will be beneficial to the 
farmers, ranchers and landowners of this nation as Apis operators and observers 
intend to perpetuate the "safety first" mindset upheld by the FAA, while mitigating all risk 
to personnel and property both in the air and on the ground.  

          
Page 11 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

 
Apis understands that the FAA is working diligently to safely integrate small Unmanned 
Aerial Systems into the National Airspace and as such, requirements for safe 
operations could be subject to change. That said, Apis is prepared to amend or append 
this request in order to satisfy the requirements of safe operation as the requirements 
continue to evolve. Please do not hesitate to contact us concerning any additional 
requirements or clarification. 
 
With sincere regards, 
 
 

                            
 
Beau Dealy 
Managing Partner 
Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC 
 

          
Page 12 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Appendix A

Overview of Regulations from which Exemption is Requested; Including
Explanation in the Context of Appropriateness, Safety, and Benefit to the
Public Interest.

 
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows: 

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H & 91.203(a)(1):Airworthiness Certificates
As the FAA continues the work of developing airworthiness standards for unmanned 
aerial systems, Apis seeks an exemption from the requirements for a certificate of 
airworthiness as set forth in 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a)(1) and in turn 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Apis 
asks for consideration of these exemptions in the context of the size, weight, speed, 
operational capability and the use of said system outside of the operational range of 
airports and away from populated areas. The AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System weighs 
approximately 7.5 lbs fully loaded with a wingspan of 56 inches. The AgEagle carries no 
pilot or passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and 
operates at a relatively low altitude and slow speed exclusively within confines of private 
property. Given the small size and weight of the aircraft and the limited operating area 
associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of 
airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety 
levels. Furthermore, these criteria demonstrate that the AgEagle operating under the 
conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft 
(fixed wing or rotorcraft) which has been issued an airworthiness certificate.  

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b), 91.9(c) & 91.203(b): Marking of the Aircraft
Regulation 45.23(b) provides that the registration number of the aircraft must be on 
display prefixed by the Roman capital letter "N". The regulation also states that lettering 
identifying the aircraft as in the "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or 
"provisional" category must be displayed near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or 
pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high. In 
conjunction, regulation 91.9(c) provides that no person may operate a U.S.registered 
civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in accordance with part 45.  
 
Given that the AgEagle has no cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, attempting to mark such 
areas would be futile. Furthermore, it is unclear at the time of writing this request as to 
whether or not the AgEagle would actually fit into one of the aforementioned categories 
as official marking systems for sUAS have not yet been established for operations 

          
Page 13 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

inside the NAS. That said, Apis is prepared to register and display said registration 
number for any AgEagle flying under exemption if the decision regarding this exemption 
requires it. Should display of a registration number be required on the aircraft, Apis will 
make every effort to display the lettering in a high visibility format on the aircraft in lieu 
of specific guidelines governing registration numbers in the context of sUAS.  
As pursuant to regulation 91.9(c), Apis believes that our cooperation with marking 
regulations that can reasonably be complied with in the context of the exemption should 
fulfill this requirement.  
As pursuant to regulation 91.203(b), the relative size size and therefore lack of any 
cabin or cockpit to hold personnel or passengers is nonexistent. As such, it would be 
impossible to display any airworthiness certificate for concerned passengers and crew 
even if the certificate was indeed required. Apis recognizes that the FAA has 
determined in prior exemptions that relief from 91.203(b) is not necessary allowing 
relevant materials to be kept accessible to the operator in compliance with the 
regulations. However, Apis respectfully requests that that the record pertinent to this 
exemption state as much in the order of due process so as to ensure a meaningful level 
of compliance. As such, Apis will require for operation of the AgEagle that all relevant 
materials for operation be kept in a location accessible to the operator in a manner 
befitting current and future regulations. 
 
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b) & 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and
Limitations Pilot in Command Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.
Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Unlike a 
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the AgEagle in this 
case is remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 
61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command 
of an aircraft for compensation or hire. AgEagle respectfully proposes that operator 
requirements should take into account the characteristics of the particular sUAS. The 
AgEagle has a high degree of preprogrammed control and various builtin technical 
capabilities through the DroneDeploy solution that strictly limit the potential for operation 
outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application.  
  
The AgEagle operates by way of an alldigital software platform powered by 
DroneDeploy with advanced features previously available only to larger and more 
complex unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced failsafe controls enable 
safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced networking capabilities and system 
extensibility.  As such, nearly all operations in the context of what is traditionally handled 

          
Page 14 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

and/or monitored by a pilot, either private or commercial, are handled by the autopilot 
under the auspice of the DroneDeploy system. Such features include: 
 

     Intelligent fault handling The system automatically detects potential issues with 
         configurable automated response behavior such as a "return home" and landing 
         routines. 

     Automatic preflight checks The system selfcalibrates all of its sensors and 
         performs diagnostics prior to takeoff to check for errors and nofly situations.  

     Nofly zones: The system has the ability to set up nofly zones visually and using 
         existing flight charts. 

     Selfmonitoring Battery levels, GPS fix, radio connection(s), inflight wind speeds, 
         and numerous other system and environmental conditions are continuously 
         monitored, logged, and automatically handled by the system. In the event of a 
         fault, the aircraft will perform the appropriate predefined fatal or nonfatal 
         condition response.  

     Battery communication: Flight time and battery minutes are available at all times 
         to the operator. The aircraft will return to the mission point of origin and land 
         automatically if the operational limits are reached.  

  
As a matter of principle as well as a matter of good business, flight safety is of utmost 
priority. The AgEagle achieves this via the DroneDeploy system presented to the 
operator in a means that limits the operators' ability to operate outside of acceptable 
safety parameters regardless of operating environment or project. The AgEagle offers 
superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the operator from presence onboard 
the aircraft and those potentially dangerous situations subsequently associated therein.  
 
Given the aforementioned operational and safety features, Apis proposes that operators 
of the AgEagle should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. 
In lieu, operators will: 

     Successfully complete and pass the FAA private pilot written examination or an 
         FAA recognized equivalent. 

     Complete a training program authorized by AgEagle, LLC for operation and 
         maintenance of the AgEagle robotic aircraft system. 

     Submit to a security background check equivalent to that currently required to 
         obtain a private pilot's license.  

          
Page 15 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Apis notes that the FAA has found that equivalent safety factors have permitted 
operation of sUAS by operators with similar qualifications in the case of operations 
pursuant to public COAs where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are 
present. See Federal Aviation Administration, Notice N8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft 
Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at p. 2021 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the 
statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.44701(f) to waive the pilot requirements for 
commercial operations.  
  
Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety can and will be 
provided by those in operation of the AgEagle without a private pilot's certificate or a 
commercial pilot's certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.  
  
The risks associated with the operation of the AgEagle (given its size, speed, 
operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of 
risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by 
Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of 
the sUAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided 
under 14 C.F.R.  61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial 
pilot to operate the aircraft under  61.133(a).  

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.
This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in 
airworthy condition. Should the exemption be granted to allow commercial operation of 
the AgEagle without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness 
of the AgEagle. Given the precedence for exemption issuances of sUAS lacking a 
proper airworthiness certificate8, Apis respectfully requests that the AgEagle be 
considered in a similar context as an equivalent (if not higher level) of safety will be 
achieved by a combination of the fault monitoring of the DroneDeploy system, as well 
as compliance with all flight protocols contained within the AgEagle operational 
instructions before, during, and after each flight. 

14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
The regulation provides that no person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft,  

         "For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by 21.5 of this 
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or 

8 See Exemption Approvals 11066, 11136, 11166 et. al. 

          
Page 16 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or 
         any combination thereof." 
           
Given the size and configuration of the AgEagle, it has no ability or place to carry such a 
flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because 
there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.  
  
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the operational instructions at 
the ground control point where the operator in control of the AgEagle will have 
immediate access to it. Apis recognizes that the FAA has determined that relief from 
this sections is not necessary allowing relevant materials to be kept accessible to the 
operator in compliance with the regulations. As in the context of 14 CFR 91.203(b), Apis 
prefers to have this matter documented in the order of due process so as to ensure a 
meaningful level of compliance. As mentioned prior, Apis will require for operation of the 
AgEagle that all relevant materials for operation be kept in a location accessible to the 
operator in compliance with current and future regulations. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 
500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In 
those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, 
vessel, vehicle, or structure.  
  
As established in this request for exemption, Apis will never operate the AgEagle higher 
than 400 feet AGL. It will not be operated in congested or populated areas. Flights 
conducted with the AgEagle will only take place on property with authorization of the the 
landowner and / or operator. Because sUAS aerial survey, mapping and inspection 
work can be, and is most often the case, accomplished at relatively low altitudes 
including altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is 
needed.  
  
Despite flying at lower altitudes than more conventional manned aircraft, an equivalent 
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with which 
the AgEagle is built.  The AgEagle is not an aircraft built for transit rather it is a survey 
tool that is transported via other means to its intended area of operation. Because of the 
inherent "fenced in" nature of its missions, that is, over land where affected individuals 

          
Page 17 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

will be aware of the flights, Apis feels that a lower altitude operation actually provides a 
higher level of safety. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted with aircraft or 
rotorcraft weighing far more than 7.5 lbs and carrying flammable fuel, any risk 
associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with a 
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Moreover, the low altitude 
operations of the AgEagle will maintain a separation between such sUAS operations 
and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.  
 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR 
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough 
fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ 
(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or (2) At night, to fly after that 
for at least 45 minutes." The AgEagle batteries provide approximately 40 minutes of 
powered flight. Apis would only conduct flight during the day and without an exemption 
from 14 CFR 91.151, daytime flights would be limited to approximately 10 minutes in 
length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those 
proposed operations, a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is 
reasonable.  
 
Operating the AgEagle without 30 minutes of reserve power does not beget the type of 
risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size and speed at which the 
UAS operates, as well as given the fact that Apis intends to maintain a VLOS with the 
AgEagle at all times. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also enhances 
its safety. Additionally, limiting AgEagle flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the 
utility of the aircraft. In the unlikely event that the AgEagle should run out of power, it 
would simply land on ground on which Apis had already been granted flight over by the 
landowner and / or operator. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are 
less than contemplated by the current regulation. 
 
Apis believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10 
minutes of reserve power, which, allowing 30 minutes of flight time, would be more than 
adequate to return the AgEagle to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its VLOS 
operating area. Similar exemptions have been granted to others in similar situations, 
including Exemptions 2689, 5745, 10650, and 11110.  

          
Page 18 of 26 

                                                              

                7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2) & 14 C.F.R.
91.417(a): Maintenance and Inspections Relating Thereto
Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft 
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, 
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as 
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to 
requirements in Part 43 Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the 
issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or 
operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been 
accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of 
approval of the aircraft for return to service. 
 
Maintenance of the AgEagle is performed by the operator in accordance with the 
instruction materials provided with the AgEagle per the guidance given during training 
from AgEagle LLC and / or one of its authorized training affiliates. When instruction and 
training is followed by the aircraft operator, an equivalent level of safety can be 
achieved in lieu of the aforementioned maintenance and inspection criteria set forth in 
the C.F.R. because  the inherent properties of the AgEagle itself including: 

     The relatively small size and mechanical simplicity of the AgEagle 
     Its lack of cargo, crew, or passengers 
     Any AgEagle mission will not extend past a predetermined area for which the 

         operator has permission to conduct flight operations. 
     The operator is trained to inspect all maintenance points on the aircraft prior to 

         flight. 
 
As a trained operator is an individual with a greater level of familiarity and 
understanding with the AgEagle platform, it follows that this person is also best suited to 
maintain the airworthiness of the aircraft in a context of a level of safety equivalent to 
that presently mandated. 
 
All criteria pertinent to flight operations are logged by the DroneDeploy system and are 
available for immediate review by the operator. The DroneDeploy system also conducts 
a diagnostic inspection of hardware and software systems prior to launch, with any 
inspection failure being sufficient to suspend flight operations until the problem is 
resolved. 
 

          
Page 19 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

The AgEagle airframe is unique among its peers in that the manufacturer reinforces an 
otherwise standard foam airframe with sturdy and lightweight composite materials thus 
significantly reducing overall wearandtear to the airframe. If such an event occurs 
during operation that the airframe is rendered unsuitable for flight, the aircraft with take 
appropriate action to compensate to keep the aircraft airborne or terminate the mission 
in the context of either a Fatal or NonFatal Conditioned response (see Appendix C 
"Reliability", "Fault Tolerance" and "Emergency Procedures and System Failures").   
  

          
Page 20 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Appendix B

Company Profile
Apis Remote Sensing Systems, LLC ("Apis") is a United States company located in 
Hays, Kansas. Apis was founded on a mission to provide secondtonone small 
Unmanned Aerial Systems ("sUAS") sales, support, and service enriched by scientific 
insight to its customers in and around Western Kansas. The founding partners have 
over twentyfive years combined experience in Geographic Information Systems (GIS) 
and remote sensing and our staff has a strong background in providing technology 
solutions to industries that insist on abovethebar customer service, such as local 
government and public safety. Our knowledge of the acquisition methods, sensors, and 
deliverables associated with GIS, paired with a drive to provide insightful customer 
service puts Apis in a unique industry position to facilitate the adoption of sUAS within 
agriculture and the rural business market as a whole. Apis continues to work with the 
agribusiness industry, cooperatives, local universities and the rural public at large to 
promote a positive "people first" view of unmanned systems. 
 
Apis is the exclusive Western Kansas dealer for the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System 
engineered and manufactured by AgEagle, LLC a United States Company located in 
Neodesha, Kansas. Apis is an authorized training center for AgEagle and licenses 
documentation and training materials to AgEagle for their customers internationally. 
According to the manufacturer, AgEagle systems have a demonstrated track record with 
respect to safety, logging over 19,080 operational hours while surveying approximately 
1,272,000 acres to date without incident to property or person. 
 

          
Page 21 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

Appendix C

Technical Specifications of the AgEagle Robotic Aircraft System9

The AgEagle can carry payloads up to 2.5 lbs and flies at a maximum wind threshold of 
43 mph for sustained winds and wind gusts up to 55 mph. To this point, the AgEagle 
employs a system that automatically compensates for wind rather than relying on the 
operator to determine the impact of the wind with respect to the mission dynamic at the 
altitude the system is flying. The end result is a system capable of gathering high quality 
aerial survey data at higher wind thresholds a trait that is imperative for many aerial 
inspection operations.  
  
The AgEagle has an operational range of up to 20 Statute miles (17.38 Nautical Miles) 
however, software failsafes actively restrict the functional range to safe and appropriate 
distances inline with Visual LineOfSight ("VLOS") operation.  
  
All flight operations are GPS controlled, making the system stable, steady, and easy to 
navigate. At any point that the operator is not explicitly in command of the system, the 
AgEagle automatically holds its position via GPS navigation (i.e. GPS hold for reliable 
location loiter). Image acquisition is also GPS controlled allowing for a sophisticated 
level of camera control that is also straightforward to operate. The flight control system 
employs GPS positioning and navigation as well as a variety of sensors including 
rangefinding, barometric pressure, temperature, and wind speed to ensure a higher 
level of reliability with respect to other sUAS in its class.  
  
Powered by the DroneDeploy autopilot enhancement solution, the AgEagle can be 
operated in both semi and fully autonomous flight modes. In semiautonomous mode, 
the operator controls flight operations in realtime via a map interface. For fully 
autonomous flights, preplanned flight paths are programmed via the same map 
interface before the mission. All waypoints, landing zone points and flight area 
dimensions are all entered before the mission and stored completely in nonvolatile 
aircraft memory, ensuring the AgEagle operates only within specified preprogrammed 
parameters.  
  
The AgEagle includes many advanced safety features that make it a practical choice in 
the context of rural operation. Builtin intelligent fault handling allows the AgEagle to 

9 Technical Specifications of the AgEagle have been provided to Apis by the manufacturer upon their 
request. 

          
Page 22 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

detect a system fault while in the air, and to automatically fly back to its takeoff location 
and land. Faults that can be detected include: 

     Loss of radio communication 
     Exceeded preset wind thresholds 
     Low battery levels 
     Operatordefined "no fly zones" as well as maximum flight ranges and altitudes 
In addition, the AgEagle must pass a series of automated flight checks initiated by the 
DroneDeploy system prior to launch to ensure the system is flightready.  
  
The AgEagle can be operated entirely by a touchscreen or pointandclick mapbased 
interface. Beyond safety, the responsibility of the operator is to program the aircraft with 
the proper navigation parameters, and allow the the autopilot system to control the 
operational minutiae. Data used for mission planning can be saved and flight plans can 
be reused where appropriate.  
  
The body of documentation provided for instruction and operation of the AgEagle can 
be made available upon request10.  
 

1. Physical Characteristics of the AgEagle
     Dimensions: 
              56 inch wingspan 
              26 inch length 
              6.5 inch height 
     Weight (without payload, including batteries): 7 pounds 
     Weight with sensor payload (takeoff weight): 7.5 pounds 
     Fuel: Not Applicable 
     Propulsion System  
              Engine: One electric brushless DC motor.  
              Power: Selfcontained, highduration Lithium Polymer ("LiPo") batteries 
                  monitored by the onboard autopilot via realtime data feeds to ensure 
                  maximum flight duration and subsystem safety processes.  
              Charging: Battery charger included with the system monitors and balances 
                  current loads. Can be performed via standard wall outlet (AC), or using 
                  DC power.  
     Landing: "Belly landing" utilizing a polycarbonate protective "skid" plate.  

10 See Application Section 9: "Appendices, Attachments, and Confidentiality of Proprietary Documents" 

          
Page 23 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

  

2. Performance Characteristics of the AgEagle
     Maximum Altitude: 400 ft AGL 
     Maximum Endurance: 40 minutes 
     Maximum Range: Visual Line Of Sight ("VLOS") 
     Weather Minimums: Not Applicable 
     Winds Maximum: 40 mph (sustained) 
     Minimum ceiling: VLOS 
     Minimum visibility: VLOS 
     Icing conditions: None (Nofly) 
     Precipitation: None (Nofly) 

 
3. Maintenance
The AgEagle performs automatic preflight checks utilizing the DroneDeploy system. The 
failure of any preflight check will prevent takeoff. As an added measure of safety per 
instruction materials and training provided by AgEagle or one of its adjuncts, a qualified 
operator is to perform a visual inspection of the AgEagle prior to each flight.  
The preflight checklist includes (but is certainly not limited to):  

      Visual inspection of the airframe, servos, and control surfaces  
      Visual inspection of motor mount and propeller integrity  
      Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater 

         station)  
Besides the tasks associated directly with the aforementioned preflight checks, the 
AgEagle is nearly maintenance free.  

4. Reliability
The system is designed for maximum reliability to maintain consistent performance over 
the product lifespan. Components experiencing routine wear include motors, batteries, 
and servos. Battery and motor conditions are monitored by the DroneDeploy system 
with deviations reported instantaneously to the operator.  
  
Contact with other objects sometimes during takeoff, but usually during landing may 
cause servos, pushrods, or controlling surfaces to become damaged. Damaged 
components are likely to be detected during the full visual inspection of the airframe 
performed before each flight. Likewise, structural damage affecting flight characteristics 
will be detected not only visually, but by onboard sensors via the DroneDeploy system 
as well. 

          
Page 24 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

  
The AgEagle detects numerous conditions which may make flying unsafe, including (but 
not limited to) reduced GPS accuracy, magnetic anomalies, low battery charge, battery 
cell imbalances, and temperature fluctuations. Automatic preflight checks prevent the 
AgEagle from taking off if such conditions are present or, if the condition is detected 
during flight, the system will trigger a Fatal Conditioned Response ("FCR") with respect 
to aforementioned fault detection system.  

5. Fault Tolerance
The key feature of the AgEagle fault tolerance is its mechanical simplicity. The AgEagle 
airframe is of a flying wing configuration with one electric motor and two elevon 
controlling surfaces. Failure of the motor or any component failure detectable by the 
system will be reported to the operator and will cause the AgEagle to perform an FCR 
or NonFatal Conditioned Response ("NFCR"), depending on the type of failure.  

6. Emergency Procedures and System Failures
The AgEagle has extensive failure detection and handling capabilities. All failures are 
deeded to be either FCR or NFCR. 
  

     Sensor Failure: Failure of onboard flight instruments/sensors will degrade 
         performance and will result in either a FCR or a NFCR, depending on their 
         severity. If the AgEagle becomes unstable due to sensor failure, the autopilot 
         system will trigger an appropriate landing response to prevent a flyaway 
         condition.  

     Motor Failure: Given the inherent fixedwing airframe design, the AgEagle can be 
         safely landed in the event of motor failure. Such an event would be handled as 
         an FCR or NFCR depending on severity and the autopilot system will trigger an 
         appropriate landing response. 

     Power Failure: A complete battery failure causing power loss to the sUAS will 
         result in significantly degraded flight performance. However, given the minimal 
         power consumption necessary to maintain radio link, autopilot, and control 
         surface operation, a motor failure is more likely to occur before a complete power 
         failure. 

     Airframe Failure: If airframe is damaged in ways that impacts flight 
         characteristics, the AgEagle will behave similar to as if an onboard flight 
         instrument failed.  

     Navigation System Failure: In a navigation system failure, degraded GPS will 
         result in an FCR or NFCR depending on the severity of the failure(s).  

          
Page 25 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

     Low Battery Condition: Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and the 
         aircraft will initiate landing procedures as soon as able.  

     VLOS Loss: All flight operations will be conducted with the AgEagle within visual 
         sight of the Pilot in Command ("PIC"). If the PIC's view becomes obstructed and 
         VLOS is lost, the PIC may instruct the AgEagle to loiter in its current position until 
         VLOS is reestablished, or to return to the predetermined landing site, or to land 
         at the current position.  

     Security: The system and communication links are encrypted by proprietary 
         software provided by the DroneDeploy system.  

7. Command and Control Systems
The AgEagle Ground Control Station ("GCS") powered by DroneDeploy allows the 
operator simultaneous control over aircraft and sensor payload. Interface control allows 
for quick navigation and data entry while the display screen provides all essential flight 
data to the operator. Telemetry data is transmitted to the command station at least once 
per second.  

Displayed on GCS:
     Position  
     Navigation Route  
     Aircraft Identifier 
     Position  
     Altitude  
     Heading  
     North Seeking Arrow  
     Range to Target  
     Calculated target position  
     Date / time  
     Sensor heading and orientation relative to aircraft  

Onboard Flight Instruments
     The AgEagle is equipped with an Inertial Navigation System including: 
              3axis gyroscope 
              3axis magnetometer 
              GPS receiver 
              Static pressure sensor 
              Rangefinding sensor for precision AGL altitude measurement 

          
Page 26 of 26 

                                                                                                                               

                                                                                            7852619591 | www.apisremote.com 

     The AgEagle is equipped onboard computer systems to monitor (sensors, 
         battery, etc.), control (speeds, altitude, position, etc.), and communicate (control, 
         telemetry, etc.).  

     The AgEagle can operate autonomously it does not require any input from 
         groundbased equipment, or from the operator to remain airborne.  

     Frequency Allocations: 900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz, 1,700 ­ 2,100 Mhz, custom  
     A flight termination link to prevent a "fly away" or other potentially dangerous 

         situations is available to the operator at the GCS.  
     The AgEagle is launched autonomously via catapult. A Landing Zone ("LZ") is 

         designated by the operator prior to takeoff and identified in the GCS software. 
         Landing is handled autonomously at the cue of the operator after the completion 
         of the survey mission. Between instruction sets from the operator, the AgEagle is 
         programmed to autonomously loiter over the LZ until further operator instruction 
         is provided.  
     Maps specific to navigation and mission planning are provided via the Drone 
         Deploy system, which are overlaid with GPS positional data from the AgEagle.  
     Navigation waypoints can be created before and during flight operation. Over the 
         course of normal operation, waypoints are combined to create a scan 
         patterntype flight pattern conducive to collecting nominal aerial survey data.  
     The AgEagle combines the input from a multitude of sensors to create 
         redundancies in the system. Even though the data from all sensors is required for 
         optimal system performance, a single sensor malfunction is likely to result in 
         degraded performance and possibly an FCR or NFCR, rather than leading to a 
         catastrophic failure.  

          
