August 5, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 12338
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1172

Ms. Mina Ghabriall
Archangel Drone Services, LLC
11649 Hemlock Street
El Monte, CA 91732

Dear Ms. Ghabriall:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated April 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Archangel Drone Services, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct sUAS flight training1, education, real estate photography, and videography,
and demonstration flights.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom, DJI Flamewheel F550, DJI Inspire
1, 3D Robotics Solo, and DJI S1000.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                           3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Archangel Drone Services, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Archangel Drone Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom, DJI
    Flamewheel F550, DJI Inspire 1, 3D Robotics Solo, and DJI S1000 when weighing
    less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
    require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
                                                                                                            4

    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a

    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
April 16, 2015

Mina Ghabriall
Archangel Drone Services, LLC
11649 Hemlock Street
El Monte, CA 91732
(323) 844-2278
info@archangeldronevideography.com

                              Petition of Archangel Drone Videography, LLC
                                  For Exemption Pursuant to Section 333

                           Of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom It May Concern:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR
Part 11, Archangel Drone Videography, LLC (ADV), hereby applies for an exemption from
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small
unmanned aerial system (i.e., sUAS).

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption, and any
other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

This exemption would permit commercial operation by ADV, which uses DJI Phantoms,
550S Flame Wheels, Inspire 1, 3DR Solos, and S1000 to conduct sUAS flight training, education,
real estate photography, and videography, film and movie production, and demonstration
flights. ADV's operation under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements
and conditions to ensure an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using
manned aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section
333.

ADV will be operated under controlled VFR conditions at low altitude in airspace that is
permitted in accordance with ADV's approved Certificate of Authorization (COA). They will
operate the sUAS's with pilots who have comprehensive UAV / UAS / Drone flight training for
competency and new FAA 333 and Part 107 commercial compliance requirements. Finally, the
FAA ATC will approve the airspace in which the sUAS will operate in advance.

Archangel Drone Videography respectfully submits this request for an exemption because it
operates sUAS's. The FAA can have confidence that the operations will be conducted at an
equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities

                                          1 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

For your convenience, ADV has organized this Exemption request as follows:
   I. Petitioner's Description
  II. Relevant Statutory Authority

 III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
 IV. Description of Proposed Operations
  V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
 VI. Public Interest
VII. Privacy
VIII. Federal Registry Summary
 IX. Conclusion

   I. Petitioner's Description:
Archangel Drone Videography, LLC, headquartered in El Monte, California, is a company that
provides sUAS support to news services, real estate photography, film and movie production,
education, and demonstration flights in a compliant and safe environment. ADV plans on
providing a wide range of services as the sUAS market expands.

ADV's goal is to operate in an accident-free environment by:
    · Demonstrating a commitment by management and all employee's to operator in a
         compliant manner.
    · Identify hazard and risk while eliminating or controlling all these risk.
    · They will use steps to intervene and report when unsafe work practices appear to exist.
    · Train all employees involved in flight operations to operate at the highest standard
         level.

The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

Archangel Drone Videography, LLC
11649 Hemlock Street
El Monte, CA 91732

Member Managers:
Mina Ghabriall
Office: (323) 844-2278
Email: info@archangeldronevideography.com

  II. Relevant Statutory Authority:
This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) of the Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to consider whether certain unmanned

                                          2 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace ("NAS") before completion of the
formal UAS rulemaking, based on the following considerations:

    · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.1

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National Airspace
System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
National Airspace System".

Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety
regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is
in the public interest. A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety
(or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

                  The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement
                  of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this
                  section or any of sections.

 III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under
Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors are
satisfied.

The proposed operations would permit ADV the use of small UAS under controlled conditions in
airspace that is: (1) predetermined; (2) controlled as to access; and that (3) provides an
increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing aircraft are used to
accomplish the same purpose.

ADV uses UASs that are multirotor, weighing less than 25 pounds including payload. They
operate, under normal conditions, at speeds not to exceed 45 mph and have the capability to
hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane. ADV's UASs will operate in line of sight,
during daylight hours, and will only operate within a sterile area. ADV will operate at or below
400 feet AGL and will file a NOTAM for each flight operated in controlled airspace. All required

1 ADV's submission places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions under Section 333, but
for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein require modification in order to allow approval, to supply
conditions for the safe operation of the sUAS. ADV welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any
issues or concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require modification.

                                          3 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions,
including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies prior to
operating a sUAS.

Given the small size of the sUAS's involved and the restricted sterile environment within which
they will operate, this ADV's exemption falls within the zone of safety and demonstrate an
equivalent level of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to permit commercial UAS
operations by exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking. Also, due to the size of the
sUAS's and the confined area in which the sUAS's will operate, approval of the application
presents no hazard in the NAS.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of the requested exemptions is also in
the public interest.

 IV. Description of Proposed Operations
To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of ADV's proposed sUAS operations, below is a
summary of operational limitations and conditions that will ensure an equivalent or higher level
of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

    1. The sUAS will weigh less than 25 pounds.
    2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and observer.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the amount of

         time the sUAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power of no less than
         25%.
    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
    5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of least 100 feet from any inhabited
         structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, people not associated with the operation or who
         have not signed a waiver in advance of the operation.
    6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot in Command and a
         Visual Observer. Additional crewmembers consist of a Pilot and a Camera Operator.
    7. The sUAS Pilot in Command will have undergone comprehensive UAV / UAS / Drone
         flight training for competency and new FAA 333 and Part 107 commercial compliance
         requirements.
    8. ADV will designate a Pilot in Command ("PIC") for each mission.
    9. The sUAS will operate only within a confined "Sterile Area".
    10. Prior to the operations at a particular location, a site inspection will have been
         conducted. On the day of the mission the management person with operational control
         and the PIC will concur on dispatching of the mission.
    11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each
         day's missions. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
         within the boundaries of the sterile area be present for this briefing.
    12. ADV crew will use the checklist and callouts required in the Operations Manual.

                                          4 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
    13. All sUAS's will be maintained in accordance with inspection program specified in the
         manufacturer's guidelines.

    14. In the event of an accident involving an ADV sUAS, they will cease operations and report
         the accident to the NTSB and AFS-80.

    15. Pilot in Command and Visual Observer will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
    16. Pilot in Command, Pilot, Camera Operator, Visual Observer, and Operational Personnel

         will have been trained and tested in accordance to FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best
         practices.
    17. All required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county
         or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
         governmental agencies.
    18. ADV management will submit a written "Plan of Activities" to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) having jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming three days in
         advanced of operations during film or movie productions.
    19. If the sUAS loses communications signal, the sUAS will have the capability to return to a
         pre-determined location within the Sterile Area and land.
    20. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
         communication between the pilot and the observer.
    21. The sUAS has the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.
    22. ADV, by following FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices, will assure no individuals'
         privacy is violated.
    23. Procedures have been established in ADV's Operations Manual to contact ATC prior to
         operating in airspace other than G.

 V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
                  A. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight Action
                  B. 14 CFR § 91.113: Right-of-Way Rules
                  C. 14 CFR § 91.119 (c): Minimum Safe Altitudes
                  D. 14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
                  E. 14 CFR § 91.151(b): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
                  F. 14 CFR § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                           Maintenance Inspections

    A. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight Action
ADV requests an exemption from the preflight actions requirements of 14 CFR 91.113 that
prescribes the preflight actions under which aircraft may operate:

Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available
information concerning that flight.

                  a. Flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather
                           reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the

                                          5 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
                           planned flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic delays of
                           which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;
                  b. For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the
                           following takeoff and landing distance information:
                         i. For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft

                                    Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is
                                    required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein;
                                    and
                         ii. For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of
                                    this section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft,
                                    relating to aircraft performance under expected values of airport
                                    elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and
                                    temperature.

ADV will not operate sUAS's under IFR conditions or when the ceilings are below 1000 feet and
the visibility is below 3 statute miles. DJI's sUAS's do not have published approved Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data.

Equivalent Level of Safety
In adherence to FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices, the PIC along with the person having
operational control must follow to assure that the weather will be adequate to complete the
mission in VFR condition. Since ADV operates in California where the density altitude is never
usually above 2000 feet, UAS performance is not affected. When ADV is allowed to operate in
other parts of the United States the UAS used in those locations will be test flown at gross
weight to test performance limitations prior to conducting commercial operations.

    B. 14 CFR 91.113: Right-of-Way Rules
ADV request an exemption from 14 CFR 91.113 Right-of-way rules, requiring vigilance by each
person operating an aircraft so as to see and avoid other aircraft. When a rule of this section
gives another aircraft the right-of-way, the pilot shall give way to that aircraft and may not pass
over, under, or ahead of it unless well clear.

Archangel Drone Videography operates small pilotless UAS's and cannot comply with these
rules as they have been written.

Equivalent Level of Safety
ADV operates sUAS's at or below an altitude of 400 feet AGL, well below the normal operating
altitude of other aircraft. ADV management require that a Pilot in Command with experience
will oversee each mission and has knowledge of the avoid rules. A Visual Observer will assist the
PIC in looking for aircraft entering the operations area. It's the responsibility of the PIC to cease
operations and land the UAS immediately whenever and aircraft comes into the vicinity
creating a potential threat. Operations cannot recommence until the threat is clear.

                                          6 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
    C. 14 CFR. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
ADV requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 CFR 91.119
that prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may operate:

    · Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of
         persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius
         of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

    · Over other than congested areas at an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Section 91.119 (d) allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when
it can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each
person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA."

To provide the intended operations, the sUAS is normally operated below 400 feet AGL.
Additionally, due to the nature of the proposed operations, the sUAS will maintain a lateral
distance of at least 100 feet from inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, and vessels, and
from people not associated with the operation.

Equivalent Level of Safety
Compared to flight normal aircraft, ADV's multi-rotor aircraft weigh a maximum of 25 pounds,
and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than
those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the location where it is
operated. As set forth in the FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices, the sUAS will be operated in
a sterile area, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-
obtained consent. Because of the advance notice to the property owners and participants, all
affected individuals will be well aware of the planned flight operations prior to commencement
of operations.

Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the sUAS will not interfere with aircraft that
are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. Finally, the successful safety record of the
DJI sUAS's demonstrates that the sUAS can be safely used at these lower altitudes and closer
operating environments.

    D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
ADV seeks an exemption from 14 CFR 91.121, which requires a person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation
of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required because the sUAS
does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.

                                          7 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
Equivalent Level of Safety
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth in the FAA,
NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices. ADV will confirm the altitude of the launch site shown on the
GPS altitude indicator before flight. Moreover, the PIC will use the GPS altitude indicator to
constantly monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe altitudes.

    E. 14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
ADV requests an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions. Section 91.151 states:

             a. No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                  (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
                  the first point of intended landing, and assuming normal cruising speed ­
                       i. During the day, to fly after that for at least 25 minutes; or
                      ii. At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The batteries powering ADV's UAS's provide approximately 10-25 minutes of powered flight. To
meet the 30 minutes reserve requirement in 14 CFR 91.151, sUAS flights could not be
conducted. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its
proposed operations within a predetermined area, a safety margin based on a reserve amount
of battery life is needed. ADV will not be conducting any sUAS flights at night.

Equivalent Level of Safety
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the operations will be conducted on-site
without significant transit time by the sUAS. All flights will be planned to terminate with no less
than 25% reserve battery power still available. This restriction would be more than adequate to
return the sUAS safely to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its confined area of
operation even in the event of an unexpected occurrence. Operation of the sUAS with less than
30 minutes of reserve fuel does not include the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was
intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS, and the proximity of the flight
operation to the landing zone. Moreover, operation will be limited to controlled areas where
only people and property owners, or official representatives who have signed waivers will be
allowed.

    F. 14 CFR § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
         Inspections

ADV also seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in 14
CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (2), 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 CFR Part 43. 14 CFR 91.405(a) (stating
that each owner or operator of an aircraft "shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in
subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed because
Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the
sUAS will not have.

                                          8 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
Equivalent Level of Safety
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be
performed in accordance with FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices. The operator will ensure
that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and
keep a log of any maintenance performed. The operator is the person most familiar with the
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS's size and carrying capacity, and the fact that flight
operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time during daylight
hours, creates less risk than that associated with conventional rotorcraft performing the same
operation.

 VI. PUBLIC INTEREST
Granting Archangel Drone Videography, LLC an exemption furthers the public interest. National
policy set by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the national airspace in controlled,
safe working environments such as those propose in this petition. The one vision of ADV is to
help facilitate safe integration of sUAS's into mainstream USA in the following areas:

    · Movies and Videography
             o Whether the shot requires unique views and expansive panning or extreme
                  altitude with radical views, the UAS is designed to hold up under demanding
                  conditions. Because of the autopilot feature with pre-designed mission
                  management and R/C control interrupt, the pilot and camera operator can easily
                  create the ultimate shot with HD video or HD still photos. When working close in
                  on a closed set the hazards to the actors are greatly reduced due to the size of
                  the sUAS.

    · News Gathering
             o Similar to movies and videography, each news assignment may require a
                  completely different shot or view of a scene. With budgets for traditional
                  helicopter use being greatly reduced, the UAS is the perfect solution to allow for
                  easy news gathering for a fraction of the cost. The sUAS can and will be operated
                  in a sterile area away from the public, while the traditional helicopter must
                  hover over persons and property increasing the danger to individuals.

    · Real Estate
             o The sUAS can be used in all areas of real estate, including commercial, residential
                  and industrial properties. Using a sUAS, real estate professionals can create
                  promotional videos, photos and unique shots that normal camera aspects
                  cannot capture. ADV's easy-to-use video and photo platform enables properties
                  to stand out, providing dazzling views that are typically shown via expensive
                  computer animation or costly helicopter rentals. Imagine shooting a view from a
                  high-rise condo in stunning high definition that shows your potential customer
                  the actual view from the residence. The remote platform is great for new
                  planning, zoning and large developments. Simple and easy-to-use video and
                  photos allow for multiple height pictures and elevation views.

                                          9 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
VII. Privacy
Archangel Drone Videography is deeply committed to protecting public privacy. ADV knows
that many individual have concerns about privacy from the operations of sUAS's. ADV has
created a privacy notice that informs residents, commercial property owners, churches,
schools, and governmental organizations of our intent to conduct commercial drone operations
in proximity to their property.

VIII. Federal Registry Summary
Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Archangel Drone Videography, LLC seeks an exemption from the following rules:
14 CFR § 91.103; 14 CFR § 91.113; 14 CFR § 91.119 (c); 14 CFR § 91.121; 14 CFR § 91.151(b); 14
CFR § 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a) and (b).

Approval of this exemption request allows ADV to conduct commercial operations with small
and lightweight unmanned aerial systems. ADV's singular vision is to enhance safety of sUAS
operations in the NAS while reducing risk to the general public and property owners.

The DJI sUAS, weighing less than 25 pounds and powered by batteries, eliminates virtually all of
that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on bard. The sUAS is
transported to the designated mission area and set up there. The sUAS will carry no passengers
or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft
flights.

The operation of this small UAS will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant
of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements
of several regulations and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight sUAS's operate at
slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment. As a result, they are far safer
than conventional aerial survey and inspection operations conducted with fixed wing aircraft or
helicopters.

If additional information is required, or if you have any questions regarding this Petition for
Exemption, please contact the undersigned at:

With Best Regards,

Mina Ghabriall, Director
Archangel Drone Videography, LLC
Office: (323) 844-2278
Email: info@archangeldronevideography.com

                                          10 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                        April 16, 2015
 IX. Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, it is requested that the regulatory exemptions requested herein be
respectfully granted, and the Petitioner be permitted to conduct small UAS operations
aforementioned purposes.

                                         11 | Page ­ ADV Exemption Request
                                                       April 16, 2015
