August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12322
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2042

Mr. Gregory S. Walden
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer and Feld LLP
Counsel for Ascend Aerials LLC
RobertS. Strauss Building
11333 New Hampshire Avenue NW.
Washington, DC 20036

Dear Mr. Walden:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Ascend Aerials LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
cinematography, sensor data collection, survey, inspection, photogrammetry, aerial
communication services, news gathering services, and airborne emergency services support.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 3,
DJI Inspire 1, DJI S900, DJI S 1000, and 3DR Solo.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Ascend Aerials LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Ascend Aerials LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 1,
         DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 3, DJI Inspire 1, DJI S900, DJI S 1000, and 3DR Solo
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                AkinGump

                                                                                             STRAUSS HAUER & FELD LLP

                                                                                                                            GREGORY S. WALDEN
                                                                                                                                            +1 202.887.4213/fax: +1 202.887.4288
                                                                                                                                            gswalden@akingump.com

May 18,2015

United States Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, NE
Washington, DC 20590

Filed in www.regulations.gov

         Re: Petition for Exemption of Ascend Aerials LLC under Section 333 of the FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act, 49 U.S.C. 44701(£), and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

On behalf of Ascend Aerials LLC ("Ascend Aerials"), we hereby seek an exemption from certain
Federal Aviation Regulations enumerated below, as authorized by Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act ("Section 333"), Subsection 44701(f) of the Federal Aviation
Act, and pursuant to the procedures set forth in Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations, to
allow Ascend Aerials to operate the DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 3, DJI Inspire
One, DJI S900, DJI S1000, and 3DR Solo, to provide:

              · Aerial cinematography services
              · Aerial sensor data collection
              · Aerial survey, inspection, and photogrammetry
              · Aerial communication services (Wi-fi hotspots, FM radio transmission, VHF

                   repeater, cellular)
              · News gathering services
              · Airborne emergency services support (reconnaissance and communications

Except in three respects, as explained below, Ascend Aerials will comply with the same
conditions and limitations as provided in numerous Section 333 exemptions granted recently.
Accordingly, we respectfully ask the FAA to grant this petition in summary fashion, and obviate
Federal Register publication and public comment.

Ascend Aerials is an Atlanta based, full service, aerial video production house that provides a
comprehensive offering of marketing, documentation, and exploratory services. Specializing in
the utilization of Unmanned Aircraft Systems for capturing aerial photography and
video, Ascend Aerials delivers a diverse product offering which provides its clients with the very
best in creative aerial and multimedia marketing tools by leveraging state-of-the-art technologies

  RobertS . Strauss Building 11333 New Hampshire Avenue. N.W. Washington , D.C . 20036-1564 202.887.4000 fax 202.887.4288 a~1ngump com
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
May 18,20 15
Page2of7

in order to provide the aforementioned services at a fraction of traditional operating costs. This
savings is at the heart of Ascend Aerials' mission focus, and the operation of UAS is integral to
its relevance in the space described above.

The name of the applicant is Ascend Aerials LLC. The primary contact is Mr. Louie Northern,
1630 W. Peachtree Street NE #6, Atlanta, Georgia 30309. Telephone is 706-246-1958. His
email is louie@ascendaerials.com and Ascend Aerial ' s web address is www.AscendAerials.com.

Exemptions requested

14 C.P.R. Part 21 (airworthiness certification)
14 C.P.R. Part 27 (normal category rotorcraft)
14 C.P.R. 61.113 (a) and (b) (pilot certification and qualification)
14 C.P.R. 91 .7(a) (airworthiness)
14 C.P.R. 91.1 19(b) and (c) (minimum safe altitudes)
14 C.P.R. 91.151(a) and (b) (fuel requirements in VPR conditions)
14 C.P.R. 91.405 (a) and (b) (maintenance)
14 C.P.R. 91.407(a)(1) (approval for return to service)
14 C.P.R. 91.409(a) (annual and airworthiness certification inspection)
14 C.P.R. 91.417(a) and (b) (maintenance records)

Safety equivalence or no adverse effect on safety

Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and Systems

The DJI flight controller, the common control platform in the listed devices, in addition to the
3DR Solo, has a number of teclmological capabilities to demonstrate its airworthiness. In the
event of a loss of GPS signal, the UAS will lock in its position and automatically go to ATTI
mode and remain stable. Loss of connection to the remote control transmitter (or software
navigation controller) causes the vehicle to immediately achieve a preset altitude, and then return
to its home point and land in a controlled way.

All of the UASs intended for use contain a power storage monitoring system and fail-safe modes
to force controlled landing before the power supply drops below operational levels. Should there
be a loss of power, the UAVs are designed to perf01m a vertical hard landing with propellers
providing stabilizing resistance during descent.

If the UAV encounters an unexpected obstacle, the pilot will either divert the flight or maintain
the UAV in a safe hover position away from the obstacle.

Given its small size, operational capabilities, and restricted area in which the UAS will operate,
an exemption from Part 21 , Subpart H, Airworthiness Certificates, and 14 C.P.R. 91.7(a), is
warranted, as Ascend Aerials' UAS satisfies the equivalent level of safety as compared with
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
May 18, 2015
Page 3 of7

manned aircraft and meets the criteria in section 333. Operating the UAS without an
airworthiness certificate in the restricted environment over vacant private property under the
conditions proposed will be safer than operating a manned helicopter operating with an
airworthiness certificate and not subject to such conditions.

Each UAV (with payload) is less than 55 pounds, carry no explosive materials or flammable
liquid fuels, and would operate outside controlled airspace, with no passengers or crew on board.
As the FAA has found in granting an exemption to Clayco, Exemption No. 11109, at page 10:

         The limited weight significantly reduces the potential for harm to participating and
         nonparticipating individuals or property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk
         to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a
         UAS for the aerial operations.

For the reasons outlined above, Ascend Aerials also seeks an exemption from the certification
requirements for normal category rotorcraft in Part 27.

In support of Ascend Aerials' request for an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
91.409(a)(l) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), Ascend Aerials will adhere to the following
inspection and maintenance program: Ascend Aerials will inspect the UAS before and after each
operation, as well as perform daily, weekly, monthly, and annual inspections, as set forth in its
operations manual. Before each flight, the pilot in command will inspect the UAS to ensure it is
in a safe condition for flight. The preflight inspection will account for any discrepancy, such as
an inoperable component, item, or equipment. Ascend Aerials will not initiate a flight if the
inspection reveals a condition that adversely affects the safety of operations, and will not operate
that UAS until it is found to be in a safe condition. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or
an alteration that affects the UAS ' s operation or flight characteristics will undergo a functional
flight test before return to service.

Ascend Aerials will follow the manufacturer's UAS requirements relating to components,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limits. Ascend Aerials will record all
maintenance, alterations, and the functional flight test in the UAS logbook, including total flight
hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the UAS technician who returned
the UAS to service. 1

Ascend Aerials ' UASs are equipped with an altimeter that provides the pilot with real-time
telemetry data in addition to a constant digital display of altitude, speed, and UAS proximity.
Moreover, the UASs will be operated within the visual line of sight of the pilot in command and
observer and below 400 feet AGL. In addition, the flight controllers are programmed not to
allow the aircraft to exceed the 400 feet ceiling, even if the pilot command input is in-conflict, or

 1 Manufacturer and operating manuals will be provided separately.
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
Mayl8,2015
Page 4 of7

if communication with the remote control transmitter fails. Accordingly, Ascend Aerials does
not believe an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121 is required.

In support of Ascend Aerials' request for an exemption from fuel requirements in 14 C.F.R.
91.15l(a) and (b), we note that its UAS is battery-powered and is operated for brief periods of
time, within the battery capacity of the UAS.

The remote control transmitter/receiver combinations will work within the 2.4 GHz and 5.8 Ghz
FCC-approved ranges.

UAV and UAS Operator Qualifications and Training

In support of Ascend Aerials' request for an exemption from the pilot certification and
qualifications requirements in 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (a), Ascend Aerials asserts that an
equivalent level of safety is achieved by the UAS-specific experience of its Pilots. Each Ascend
Aerials pilot, before conducting a commercial operation under the requested exemption, will
have successfully completed an aeronautical knowledge test, performed at least 20 takeoffs and
landings of the particular UAV, and flown the particular UAV for at least 10 hours.

Ascend Aerials recognizes the FAA 's position that section 333 does not allow the FAA to waive
the requirement of a UAS operator to hold an airman certificate, relying on section 44711.
Section 333 is a more recent enactment and provides explicit authority to the FAA to exempt a
UAS operator from any certification requirement. Section 333 instructs the FAA to consider
whether to require airworthiness certificates, certificates of waiver, and certificates of
authorization, "at a minimum." Thus, Congress vested FAA with discretion to waive certificate
requirements other than an airworthiness certificate, including an airman and medical
certificates.

Even if the pilot certification requirement is not waived, FAA has exemption authority under
section 4470l(f) to exempt UAS operators from the particular requirements of Parts 61 and 67 -
such as the requirement to conduct flight training on board an aircraft - and develop airman
certification requirements specifically designed for small UAS operations. Applying manned
aircraft pilot certification requirements to small UASs is not necessary as a matter of safety, and
does not make sense as a matter of public policy.

Ascend Aerials believes that FAA' s determination in the Astraeus Aerial and other exemptions
that a commercial pilot certificate is not required for the operators of UASs for closed set
filming, set forth below (emphasis added), applies equally to the nature of its UAS operations :

          [T]he experience obtained beyond a private pilot certificate in pursuit of a commercial
          pilot certificate in manned flight does not necessarily aid a pilot in the operational
          environment proposed by the petitioner; the FAA considers the overriding safety factor
         for the limited operations proposed by the petitioner to be the airmanship skills acquired
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
May 18,2015
Page 5 of7

         through VAS-specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make and model experience,
         culminating in verification through testing.

Ascend Aerials believes this reasoning supports a UAV/UAS-focused training and experience
regimen that should obviate not only a commercial pilot certificate but also a private pilot
cetiificate because any training will be focused on the particular skills of operating the particular
small UAS and the particular nature ofUAS operations.

Ascend Aerials notes that the FAA has proposed in its recent sUAS Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking that a small UAS operator would be required to successfully complete an
aeronautical knowledge test, but would not be required to obtain a commercial or private pilot
certificate. Also, medical cetiification would be obviated by a pilot's self-certification before
flight that the pilot is physically and mentally fit to operate the UAS.

Accordingly, the FAA should grant appropriate exemption relief and revise the standard term on
PJC certification to permit Ascend Aerials to use pilots who have successfully completed
commercial UAS training and have also gained flying experience using the aforementioned
UAS's. In the event the FAA does not grant such relief, however, Ascend Aerials will employ a
suitably certificated private pilot.

UAV and UAS Operating Parameters

Ascend Aerials will operate its UASs in full compliance with the applicable manufacturer
manual. Ascend Aerials' typical flight will be operated under 400 feet AGL and within 2 km of
the operator.

All flights will be conducted within the visual line of sight of the pilot in command, within non-
controlled airspace, with the consent of any property owner and/or developer. Although the
UAS may be operated in a metropolitan area, it will be controlled and monitored only by
authorized personnel, and be flown below 400 feet AGL, except in rare occasions where a
sponsoring agency or organization requires data from higher altitudes, or where the terrain below
would require extreme maneuvers to comply with the altitude restriction. However, in such rare
cases, appropriate pre-flight site surveys would be undetiaken (where possible) to minimize any
risk of collision or any negative impact with any aircraft operations in that airspace, and in any
event all such operations would be within the visual line of sight of the operator. For any
operations over 400 feet AGL, Ascend Aerials will coordinate with Air Traffic Control and
obtain a Cetiificate of Authorization if required . Thus, these rare and brief operations at an
altitude over 400 feet AGL will pose no risk to manned aircraft. Accordingly, Ascend Aerials
requests that the standard term on altitude be revised to permit Ascend Aerials to operate its
 UASs higher than 400.feet AGL when authorized by Air Traffic Control.

Ascend Aerials will also notify the appropriate Flight Standards District Office "("FSDO") and
Air Traffic Control for any operation within five miles of an airport.
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
May 18, 2015
Page 6 of7

Ascend Aerials will conduct a briefing before each day's operations, which all personnel
participating in the operations must attend. Ascend Aerials will obtain written consent of any
person who will be participating in the operations or otherwise be on the private property where
operations are to take place. Ascend Aerials will provide notice to any adjacent buildings or
structures. Ascend Aerials will limit its operations to daytime Visual Flight Rules ("VFR").

Ascend Aerials seeks an exemption from the requirement in 14 C.F.R. 91.119, subsection (b),
that an aircraft must remain at least 1,000 feet above any congested area or open air assembly of
persons, and subsection (c), that an aircraft must remain at least 500 feet above any person or
structure in an area other than populated or congested, and not closer than 500 feet to any person,
vehicle, or structure. These requirements were adopted with fixed-wing, manned aircraft
operations in mind. While Ascend Aerials may operate its UASs in a metropolitan area, the
operations will be carefully pre-planned to minimize risk to persons or property, avoid intrusion
into unauthorized airspace, and avoid a public annoyance. Its UASs will not be operated over a
highly-congested area or open air assembly of persons.

Ascend Aerials will make every reasonable effort to ensure that no unauthorized person will be
on the land over which the UASs will be operated, and will provide notice to adjacent buildings
and furnish proctors as may be necessary to ensure that unauthorized persons do not come within
the narrow paran1eters in which the UASs will be operated. Combined with the technological
capabilities of the UASs and that the UASs will be operated within the visual line of sight of the
pilot and an observer, Ascend Aerials submits that its operational limitations provides an
equivalent level of safety to that provided in section 91.119.

For news gathering operations as well as for emergency services support, Ascend Aerials seeks a
revision to standard term and condition 27, which provides that "All operations shall be
conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from the property
owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property owner/controller or
authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted." For news gathering
and emergency services support operations, it would be impractical to require advance notice and
approval from private property owners. Precautions outline above will be taken by Ascend
Aerials to minimize any risk to persons on the ground.

Public interest

Ascend Aerials' UAS operations will substantially benefit public and private organizations which
 have an interest in gathering critical information - atmospheric, situational, etc. - to support their
 operations. Depending on the use-case, these scenarios may include:

     · aerial cinematography or photography (in support of government, commercial, or non-
          profit organizations),

     · the gathering of sensor data to document to provide real-time awareness of potential
          radiological or biohazards present in an operational area,
Ascend Aerials Petition for Exemption
May 18, 2015
Page 7 of7

    · traffic or construction monitoring,
    · ecological, agricultural, or land management surveying,
    · infrastructure surveying, inspection, and improvement
    · area-specific communications (specifically FM radio, Wi-Fi, and cellular - in accordance

         with existing FCC guidance).

Additionally, news-gathering organizations that would normally utilize fixed cameras, mobile
ground camera crews, or manned aircraft in support of their news operations, would be able to
receive transmitted video via Ascend Aerials' UAS's without risking aircrews during potentially
hazardous situations, while also minimizing intrusion into the airspace above the situation of
interest.

Operating UASs under the limitations proposed by Ascend Aerials will avoid any risk of harm to
pilots as well as persons and people on the ground that would be present during the operation of
manned helicopters. UAS operations will also require a much smaller energy footprint than with
manned helicopters.

Operations limited to the United States

Under the requested exemption, Ascend Aerials will operate its UASs within the United States,
including over the territorial waters of the United States, and over the high seas provided it will
remain within the U.S.-controlled Flight Information Region.

Summary for Federal Register

Should the FAA determine that publication of a summary is required, Ascend Aerials submits
the following summary to be included in the Federal Register:

         Ascend Aerials seeks an exemption to operate the DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI
         Phantom 3, DJI Inspire One, DJI S900, DJI SlOOO, and 3DR Solo unmanned aircraft
         systems to perform commercial and emergency services.

Sincerely,

Copy to: Louie Northern
