May 13, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11576
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0362

Mr. Kurt von Strasser III
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
10300 West Charleston Boulevard, Suite 13-175
Las Vegas, NV 89135

Dear Mr. von Strasser:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Ascent Aerial Video Productions (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photos, videography, and cinematography for academic community awareness,
to augment real estate property listing videos, and video production to small businesses.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and Yuneec Typhoon Q500.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Ascent Aerial Video Productions is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Ascent Aerial Video Productions is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
    Yuneec Typhoon Q500 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                   Kurt von Strasser III
                                            Ascent Aerial Video Productions
                                  10300 West Charleston Boulevard, Suite 13-175

                                               Las Vegas, NV 89135 USA
                             email: kvonstrasser@gmail.com | Phone: 702.907.7515

UAS Integration office ­ Special Rules Coordinator
Federal Aviation Administration
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Re: Introduction, Exemption for Use of UAS For Real Estate, Public Interest, Business Applications
February 9, 2015
To Whom It May Concern,
I, Kurt von Strasser, am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Kurt von Strasser, an owner and operator of small
unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed below so that I, Kurt von
Strasser, may operate my small ultra light weight unmanned aircraft system (UAS) commercially in airspace
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
As described herein I, Kurt von Strasser, am a licensed Realtor within the State of Nevada and obtaining
licensing in the State of California. I am a licensed private pilot, certificate number: 561510978, having
obtained my license in 1980. I am experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes and have
been flying RC fixed wing and rotor aircraft since 1975. I have added two state-of-the-art professional grade
quad-copter UAS vehicles from well-known manufacturers (DJI & Yuneec) ) to my inventory equipped with
factory installed high resolution gimbaled camera systems with intent for aerial photos, videography /
cinematography. The purpose of this will be to enhance academic community awareness for those
individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the areas I serve, to augment real
estate real property listing videos and to provide video production services to small businesses, following the
exemption and approval for my operations by the FAA. My goal is to enhance academic research experience
for the areas I serve as well as to provide a valuable and needed service for all levels of real estate operations
while also reducing risk and liability from manned aircraft alternatives.
I am also a member of the AMA, Academy of Model Aeronautics and have flown small RC electric helicopters
for over six (6) years without incident. I have been flying RC (radio controlled) fixed wing aircraft since 1976,
also without incident, including electric fixed wing aircraft since 2005. Committed to safety with each flight.
my exemption request would permit operation of ultra light weight, unmanned (piloted by remote control)
and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular
traffic. My general purpose for the use of the UAS will be to produce community videos, videos of

                                                         Page 1 of 4
commercial and residential properties for sale or rental, and within property boundaries for individual
homeowner real estate listing videos/photos and small business videos. Currently, similar lightweight,
remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or
controls in place to prevent catastrophe. I have personally designed and implemented safety protocols and
controls to prevent public hazard and mitigate risk significantly over the alternative manned aircraft
hazards/catastrophe. In addition, services performed by the UAS will allow for video which cannot be safely
shot from conventional manned aircraft alternatives.
Additionally, I will notify any persons present in the operational area by posting temporary safety signs
notifying all persons that aerial drone videography operations are taking place and to be alert to the
presence of the UAS aircraft. Signs will be posted up to 30 minutes before flight operations and continue
until all UAS operations are concluded at each site. This will act to further safety protocols exclusive to
lightweight UAS's specific to real estate video and photography usage as I, Kurt von Strasser, record flight
data and other information gained through permitted flight operations to share with the FAA through any
required FAA reports to assist with future protocol and safety regulation.
Granting my, Kurt von Strasser's request comports with the Secretary of Transportations (FAA
Administrators) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system,
but to also establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national
airspace system under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real estate/Realtor
purposes and other small business applications. Further I will conduct my operations in compliance with the
protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.
For the reasons stated below I, Kurt von Strasser, respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing me
to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UASs for academic community awareness to
benefit/stimulate attraction to the areas of operation in Las Vegas and its surrounding communities to
enhance real estate listing videos for businesses and homeowners who cannot afford expensive, high-risk
manned aircraft for the same purpose. My activities will promote local economic growth through increased
employment and increased tax base, the provision of new services and enhancement of the real estate listing
process while also producing a more efficient and more comprehensive real estate listing system, allowing
consumers to better determine the value of the specific properties using enhanced online video capabilities.
Furthermore, by using my UAS system as an alternative to heavier manned aircraft containing combustible
fuel that poses potential public hazard, I will also be contributing to the safety of the local communities
served.
I have attached detailed information on the two UAS proposed. The following is a short summary of each
system:
UAS #1 DJI Inspire 1 Quad
Manufacturer: DJI
Model: Inspire 1 T600
Weight: 2935 g / 6.47 Pounds
Passenger Capacity: 0 (unmanned)
Size (dimensions): 438x451x301 mm (17.24x17.76x11.85 inches)
Max Speed: 22 mps (72.18 fps / 49.21 mph)
Max Flight Time: 18-25 mins
Max Ceiling (software limited): 400 ft AGL
Operations: Line of Sight
Controller: Dedicated Commercial Controller with 2 km maximum rated operating distance

                                                         Page 2 of 4
UAS #2 Yuneec Typhoon Q500
Manufacturer: Yuneec Electric Aircraft
Model: Typhoon Q500
Weight: 1700 g / 3.75 Pounds
Passenger Capacity: 0 (unmanned)
Size (dimensions): 420x420x240 mm (16.53x16.53x9.45 inches)
Max Speed: 22 mps (72.18 fps / 49.21 mph)
Max Flight Time: 25 minutes
Max Ceiling (software limited): 400 ft AGL
Operations: Line of Sight
Controller: Dedicated Commercial Controller with 2 km maximum rated operating distance

Specifically, each UAS is:

A lightweight (< 7.0 lb gross weight with all on-board equipment), battery operated 4- motor rotorcraft
in the form of a quadcopter that takes off and lands vertically, manufactured by DJI, Model Inspire 1 , or
manufactured by Yuneec, Model Typhoon Q500, each with the following equipment:

- An on-board flight computer with GPS navigation and location ability that receives signals for flight
controls from a ground-based transmitter/controller;
- An on-board camera capable of capturing imagery in the form of full color, high definition still photos
and video;
- An on-board telemetry system that delivers flight data from the on-board flight computer to the on-
board radio transmitter including altitude AGL, horizontal and vertical speed, compass direction of flight
and direction back to its launch site;
- A 600mW, 5.8GHz on-board radio transmitter that transmits live video from the on-board camera plus
all the flight data from the telemetry system described above;

The Ground Station Includes:
- A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from beginning to end and who
controls the UAS while in the air;
- A 100mW, 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control the UAS while in flight;
- A radio receiver receiving live video and flight data from the on-board camera and computer projects
it all together onto a screen for the PIC to view during flight;
- A Visual Observer (VO) is a person who provides a

Thank you for reviewing my request.

Respectfully Submitted,

Kurt von Strasser

Kurt von Strasser III
REALTOR® Urban Nest Real Estate

                                     Page 3 of 4
Private Pilot, Single Engine Land VFR
Drone Pilot

                                                         Page 4 of 4
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                                Kurt von Strasser
                                       Ascent Aerial Video Productions
                             10300 West Charleston Boulevard, Suite 13-175

                                          Las Vegas, NV 89135 USA
                        email: kvonstrasser@gmail.com | Phone: 702.907.7515

UAS Integration Office ­ Special Rules Coordinator
Federal Aviation Administration
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

February 10, 2015

Re: Petition for Exemption for Use of UAS for Real Estate, Public Interest, Small
Business Applications Under Section 333, Title 14

Pursuant to Section 333 off the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, and
14C.P.R. Part 11, I Kurt von Strasser and my Company, Ascent Aerial Video
Productions, hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
identified below and to permit the commercial use of use of ultra-light unmanned
aerial systems for photography and videography.

This exemption is made based on information outlined in this petition, as well as the
accompanying DJI Inspire 1 Operators Manual (Appendix D), the Yuneec Typhoon
Q500 Operators Manual (Appendix E) and my own Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Operational Manual (Appendix C). The UA aircraft were selected specifically because
of their proven capability for stable, reliable controlled flight as well as a gyro
stabilized flight mode, GPS aided navigation, an on-board compass, blinking LED's
on the bottom, a failsafe mode for returning home, and ground station based
telemetry of flight operations. These devices are offered for general sale around the
world and have often been used as Model Aircraft in the USA. Each has extensive
manufacturers support including operating manuals, video training, software
updates and customer support.

                                                               Page 1 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

I. Petitioner's Contact Information:

Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
10300 West Charleston Blvd., Suite 13-175
Las Vegas, NV 89135
Phone: 702.907.7515
Email: kbs@parkavenueventures.net

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From
Which Kurt von Strasser III Requests Exemption are:

14 CFR 21;14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;14
CFR 407 (a) (1);14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and, 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

III. The Extent of relief Kurt von Strasser III seeks and the Reason He Seeks
Such Relief:

I, Kurt von Strasser III, am a licensed Private Pilot, certificate number 561510978,
having obtained my license in 1980.

I, Kurt von Strasser III, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act,
112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating
to prevent me, Kurt von Strasser III, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic
and other flight operations within the national airspace system.

The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned
aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to
do so. My, Kurt von Strasser III's, ultra-light weight UAS meets the definition of
"small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of
my ultra-light weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like
to operate my ultra-light weight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform
Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing
direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be
administered uniformly to all real estate related UAS aerial video and photography.

The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's that may
operate safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The weight,
size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's; whether the UAS will be operated
near airports or heavily populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by
line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an
exemption for me. My UAS aircraft utilize four (4) counter-rotating propellers for
balance, control and stability. My UA's are equipped with GPS and auto return safety
technology. My UA Maximum Takeoff Weight is less than seven (7) pounds and four
(4) pounds each, respectively, (far below the maximum 55 pound limit); including

                                                               Page 2 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

camera with gimbal and any other payload. Each would be classified as an ultra-
light UAS aircraft.

I consider safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned aircraft are
designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15 mph) wind.
For safety, stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding 16 kph
(10 mph). Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to hover in
place when radio controls are released. With three modes to choose from, I utilize
the Smart Mode* (see Manufacturer's Operating Manual) for aerial videography /
photography. This is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accident
and hazard. When pilot communication is lost the UA is designed slowly return and
descend to point of takeoff. I do not operate my UAS near airports, Hospitals nor
Police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general public is within fifty
to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions and weather.

Horizontal Ground Speed for most drone videography requirements are typically
less than 7-10 miles per hour which further adds to safety. Maneuvers are limited in
scope and gently performed (as opposed to more radical recreational use) due to
the need to keep the camera steady for video purposes. Flight paths are planned out
in advance, as opposed to recreational flight and therefore safer than many
recreational flights since speed, maneuvers and flight paths are very conservative
and preplanned.

During any planned operation of the my UAS, I first scout the area and flight path,
determine what obstacles, if any, are present, where to post warning signs notifying
persons that aerial drone photography is taking place and any other conditions from
lighting, line of sight issues and power lines that I should be aware of to conduct safe
operations. I clearly mark the area of the flight path with warning signs indicating
that the UAS will in operating for 30 minutes prior to the flight and until all flight
operations have ceased.

I maintain a second observer at all times who remains within 10 yards of the PIC
position and who is responsible for assigning in spotting for obstacles, people,
vehicles and manned aircraft as well as keeping track of the UAS position.

I am constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters, private
and commercial aircraft of any type, model aircraft, etc.) and prepared to land/abort
immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned aircraft
approach my location or I suspect manned aircraft may approach near my location.
My UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only within
my line of sight of me, as the remote control pilot (PIC).

Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between
three (3) to eight (8) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty (150) feet. I
utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full flight

                                                               Page 3 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

time limit for each battery is eighteen (18) minutes to twenty five (25) as specified
by the manufacturers and consistently twenty one (21) to twenty five (25) minutes
as tested.

My flight equipment provides for the monitoring of battery levels during flight. I do
not operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels
for operation; preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure
adequate communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for
crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each event to
insure replacement for a sufficient safe level of operation. I do not believe in taking
risk that may cause a crash, that could create hazard to the public, public or private
property or manned aircraft and have no desire to lose my very substantial
investment in my UAS equipment.

As of this time I have completed over 200 practice flights with over 40 hours of UAS
airborne operations as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to
gain familiarization with the characteristics of my specific UAS models' operations
and performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I also
practice regular weekly computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate skills
and response reflex time, all this for the sake of safety. I have no less than 5 hours of
flight time logged in each model proposed herein within the past 90 day period.

I, Kurt von Strasser III, am extremely cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light
weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight
of my UAS it falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it
promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into
the national airspace system. Kurt von Strasser III's UAS, used in hobby flight, has a
demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the general public or
national security. The UAS aircraft used are late model units manufactured by
leading manufacturers (brand names) in the industry, DJI and Yuneec. Each has
extensive experience in Unmanned Aerial Video Flight Systems and provides
extensive software, flight manuals, operational information, specifications and
customer support on their products.

IV. How Kurt von Strasser III's Request Will Benefit the Public as a Whole:

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has
been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For
small budget real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of such
aerial videography is cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors
or luxury homeowners can afford to absorb such expense. Depriving non-luxury
homeowners and lower budget Realtors from a valuable marketing tool. Manned
aircraft pose a threat to the public through potential catastrophic crash, each having

                                                               Page 4 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

the potential result of loss of life, damage to property and substantial cost involved
in responding to, handling the emergency and the subsequent investigation and
clean up. Each such manned aircraft event also involves combustible fuel that in the
past has exploded and burned on impact. Police helicopters have made emergency
hard landings within city limits. My, Kurt von Strasser III's, UAS pose no such threat
since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates almost all potential threat to the
public.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of
the Reform Act. Granting my, Kurt von Strasser III's, exemption request furthers the
public interest through academic/visual awareness of the geographical benefits in
and around the Las Vegas area. My ultra-light weight UAS is battery powered and
creates no emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of my ultra-
light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft;
which are manned, heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
devastation to the public.

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by
permitting aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra-light
weight UAS's. Permitting me, Kurt von Strasser III, to immediately fly within
national air space furthers economic growth. Granting my exemption request
substantially furthers the economic impact for the Las Vegas and surrounding
communities and cities for companies looking to relocate or build in the areas as
well as individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic
and geographical awareness. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the communities
involved.

V. Reasons Why Kurt von Strasser III's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect
Safety or How the Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal to
Existing Rule:

My, Kurt von Strasser III's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the
contrary, for the reasons stated permitting me, Kurt von Strasser III, to log more
flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow
me to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new and novel, as of yet
undiscovered safety protocols for Realtors that can be embraced by the NAR, AAR,
and TAR for development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition I, Kurt von
Strasser III, submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography for real estate:

My UAS aircraft weigh less than 5 pounds complete with a small ultra-light weight
high quality factory installed gimbaled high definition camera;I only operate my
UAS below 300 feet9 (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set by the FAA

                                                               Page 5 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012); my UAS only operates for 3-8 minutes
average per flight;I land my UAS significantly prior to manufacturer recommended
minimum level of battery power which my flight systems monitor throughout the
flight;I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight;My UAS has GPS
a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then returns to the point of takeoff,
then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;I actively
analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and
enhance safety protocols;I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are
strictly controlled, are away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively
populated areas;I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol according
to all manufacturers recommendations as well as that of the AMA (Academy of
Model Aeronautics) , during which safety carries primary importance;I always
obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,I have procedures in
place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or any potential danger.

My, Kurt von Strasser III's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or
exceeding existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of
commercial UAS into our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary
means of aerial video and photography for community awareness and real estate.
While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, there have
been incidents involving loss of life as well as extensive property damage; it is far
safer to operate a battery powered ultra-light weight UAS.

First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on board
and I only operate my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations. Second,
there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly
diminished.

Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allows me to remotely
pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.Lastly, given its small size
and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images, my UAS need not
be so close to the objects they are focused on through the technology and use of post
editing software allowing pan, tilt and zoom.

Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for
familiarization/competency and will continue to operate at and above current safety
levels.

VI. A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and Similar.

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements
for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §

                                                               Page 6 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my UAS aircraft
permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS aircraft meet (and exceeds) an
equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under
both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and
proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My current and projected
UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are
no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS
utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications
and registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required
certifications and registrations by me and any proposed PIC's of the UAS proposed.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of the Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not
have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases.
Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with
dimensions smaller that minimal lettering requirement.

Regardless, I propose that each UA will carry its appropriate "N" number if one is
issued by the FAA, in such size as can reasonably fit upon the sides of the aircraft in
at least two locations on the booms or fuselage. If an N number is not obtained from
the FAA, I will mark the related UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I
the pilot, or anyone assisting me as a spotter with the UA will see the markings. The
FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos.
8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

                                                               Page 7 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-
commercial operations. The FAA has previously ruled in its exemption that a Private
Pilot's Certificate is required for flight of the UAS for commercial purposes. I, Kurt
von Strasser III, am a licensed private pilot and will assure that all PIC's proposed to
operate any of the UAS aircraft also have at minimum a Private Pilot's certificate and
current Class Three medical.

My UAS's do not carry any pilots or passengers. The risks attended to the operation
of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities
outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me and any other Private Pilot
Certified PIC to operate the proposed UAS's to meet and exceed current safety levels
in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It
allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS
will never operate at an altitude greater than 300 AGL; safely below the standard of
400 AGL. I will however operate my UAS in safe areas away from public and traffic,
providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to
minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my
UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will
not, therefore, apply to my proposed UAS's. However, as a safety precaution I
require the PIC to perform a comprehensive pre-flight and post-flight inspection of
the UAS, adhering to the manufacturers' recommendations and checking all flight
systems, power system, rotors and electronics including battery levels. The UAS has
significant self-diagnostic software and systems checks built into its operations.
Any system not reporting correctly and fully functional shall result in an aborted
flight until the problem is identified and solved and the systems once again report
100% green and good to go.

A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14
C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and similar. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of

                                                               Page 8 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size,
weight and enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21
because my proposed UAS's meet an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section
333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the
airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt
UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight,
size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. My UAS's both meet or exceeds each of the elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft
flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size
of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to
this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B,
10167, maintenance program that involves regular software updates and curative
measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved.

In summary, Kurt von Strasser III seeks an exemption from the following
Regulations:

14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §
91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §
91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my two
small ultra-light weight unmanned aircraft vehicles (UA's) in community awareness,
for the public good and for real estate operations and small business operations, to
develop economic platforms for real estate to enhance the experience of those
seeking to relocate to any such area served.

Currently, area awareness and real estate aerial videography/photography relies
primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel, posing potential
risk to the public. Granting my request for exemption will reduce current risk levels
and thereby enhance safety.

My UAS aircraft do not contain potentially explosive fuel, they are far smaller, lighter
and more maneuverable than conventional real estate video and photographic
aircraft with much less flight time and do not require transit to and from the
"shoot" location to an Airport, resulting in far less required time airborne and
therefore exposure & liability. Further, I operate at lower altitudes and in controlled
airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established airports and

                                                               Page 9 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

operations take place well below pattern altitude. All of my operations are
conducted with a pre-flight aircraft inspection, flight path inspection, and actual
flights are normally conducted at very low altitudes and speed with conservative
maneuvers necessary for video cinematography.
I, Kurt von Strasser III, have been informally analyzing flight information and will
compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for
real estate and similar small business usage that exceeds currently accepted means
and methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information shared with the FAA
will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
There are no personnel on board my, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. My operation of UAS's, weighing
less than seven (7) pounds and travelling at far lower speeds within limited areas
will provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs.
Accordingly I respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am
willing to cooperate in sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned
aircraft, and the general public at large.
Respectfully Submitted,

Kurt von Strasser III (ES)

Kurt von Strasser III
REALTOR® Urban Nest Real Estate
Private Pilot, Single Engine Land VFR
Quad Drone Pilot & Cinematographer

                                                              Page 10 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                              APPENDIX A

                                Sample Flight Screen with Live Data (Inspire 1UAS)
                                                 Specifications Overview

UAS #1 DJI Inspire 1 Quad
Manufacturer: DJI
Model: Inspire 1 T600
Weight: 2935 g / 6.47 Pounds
Passenger Capacity: 0 (unmanned)
Size (dimensions): 438x451x301 mm (17.24x17.76x11.85 inches)
Max Speed: 22 mps (72.18 fps / 49.21 mph)
Max Flight Time: 18-25 mins
Max Ceiling (software limited): 400 ft AGL
Operations: Line of Sight
Controller: Dedicated 2.4 GHz, Commercial Controller with 2 km maximum rated operating distance

                                                              Page 11 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                              APPENDIX B

                      Sample Flight Screen with Live Data (Yuneec Typhoon Q500 1UAS)
                                                 Specifications Overview

UAS #2 Yuneec Typhoon Q500
Manufacturer: Yuneec Electric Aircraft
Model: Typhoon Q500
Weight: 1700 g / 3.75 Pounds
Passenger Capacity: 0 (unmanned)
Size (dimensions): 420x420x240 mm (16.53x16.53x9.45 inches)
Max Speed: 22 mps (72.18 fps / 49.21 mph)
Max Flight Time: 25 minutes
Max Ceiling (software limited): 400 ft AGL
Operations: Line of Sight
Controller: Dedicated 10ch, 2.4GHz Commercial Controller with 2 km maximum rated operating distance

                                                              Page 12 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                              APPENDIX E

                          Operational Policies for all Unmanned Aircraft Systems
                             Real Estate and Small Business Video Operations
                                       Ascent Aerial Video Productions
                                                Kurt von Strasser

1. The unmanned aircraft system (UAS) will weigh less than 7 pounds, including energy source(s)
and equipment and shall not be loaded with any unauthorized payloads.

2. The UAS will not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 35 MPH.

3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level (AGL), as
indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes reported to ATC
must be in feet AGL.

4. The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires
the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses.

5. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to
communicate verbally at all times.

6. Prior to each flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the
inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited
from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be
in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, will be included in the
preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft
records.

Pre-Flight Protocol:

    1. Check batteries with voltage meter to insure fully charged and
         ready for use. Inspect batteries for damage or leakage that may
         affect proper operation.

    2. Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of
         propulsion or unmanageable/uncontrolled flight.

    3. Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that may
         impact flight. Consult five (5) mile radius map for airport vicinity.

    4. Contact respective airport to advise of estimated flight time, estimated flight duration,
         estimated elevation of flight, and any other pertinent information as may be required by
         distance.

                                                              Page 13 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

              a. Inspect flight area for:
                         i. vicinity of public safety helipads/heliports
                         ii. vicinity of medical helipads/heliports
                        iii. vicinity of light poles
                        iv. vicinity of utility wires
                         v. vicinity of trees or any other obstacles
                        vi. flocks of birds that may cause interference and potential flight impact

                       vii. vicinity of any elevated obstructions that may pose
                             potential flight hazard

                       viii. vicinity of roadways with moderate to heavy traffic that
                             can be distracted

                        ix. public gatherings that may attract viewers
                         x. optional point of control for best visual site of

                             UAS while in flight Takeoff and landing
              b. inspect area for best and safest point of takeoff and landing
    5. if in a subdivision or area that is within 150 feet of a residential street, post
         warning sign(s)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Photography In Progress ­ Stay Back 150 Feet
         "

Flight Protocol:
Takeoff and land from same location whenever possible.

    1. remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching
         vehicles

    2. do not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract the remote
         control pilot (PIC) restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire
         desired results

    3. remained prepared for emergency landing at all times pay attention to flight
         time

    4. if possible set a timer as a safety alert
    5. land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing

Post flight:
     1. disconnect battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system
     2. secure UAS in a safe location
     3. remove all warning signs from public access areas

Emergency or Suspected Hazard:

      Immediate land UAS at safest and closet ground location in the event
              · manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
              · there is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to observe
                   flight

                                                              Page 14 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

              · pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
              · sudden change in weather (wind bursts)
              · sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
              · birds enter into proximity of flight

7. If the UAS has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a functional test
flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight
will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for
a functional test flight and aircraft record entry will be added to the operator's manual.

8. The operator will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
maintenance/component
/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements will be established and
identified in the operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements for the following will be
included in the operator's manual:

a. Actuators / Servos;
b. Transmission (single rotor);
c. Power plant (motors);
d. Propellers;
e. Electronic speed controller;
f. Batteries;
g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
h. Remote command and control;
i. Ground control station (if used); and
j. Any other components as determined by the operator;

9. The Pilot In Command (PIC) will possess at least a private pilot certificate and current third
class medical certificate and at least a valid driver's license.

10. Prior to operations the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
CFR § 61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot
and at least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor).
Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
conducted to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time.

11. Prior to operations the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
CFR § 61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model of UAS to be
utilized for operations and three take-offs and three landings in the preceding 90 days. Training,
proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted to
accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time.

                                                              Page 15 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

12. The UAS may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting
personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the surface in the event
of a UAS failure or emergency.
13 The operator will request all non-authorized and consenting persons to remain clear of the
operational area by not less than 100 feet.
14. The UAS will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operator's manual.
15. Each UAS operation will be completed within 15 minutes maximum flight time or with 25%
battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.
16. If the operational area is within 5 miles of any airport, the PIC will obtain an Air Traffic
Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any
operations. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not
more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.
17. All aircraft operated in accordance will be identified by serial number, registered in
accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N- Number) markings in accordance
with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable. If this registration is not
available from the FAA, then each such aircraft shall be marked "Experimental."
18. Each UAS operated will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
19. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA will comply with the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
requirements.
20. If operating within five (5) miles of the center of any airport, at least three days before
scheduled flight, the PIC or operator will submit a written Plan of Activities to the local FSDO with
jurisdiction over the area of proposed flight area. The 3-day notification may be waived with the
concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities must include at least the following:

         a. Dates and times for all flights;
         b. Name and phone number of the operator
         c. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS to be used;
         d. Name and certificate number of UAS PIC involved
         e. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or
         local officials to conduct the flight operations; the list of those who gave permission must
         be made available to the inspector upon request;

                                                              Page 16 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

         f. Signature of exemption-holder or representative; and
         g. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
         county, and/or state over which flights will be conducted and the altitudes essential to
         accomplish the operation.
22. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at the
Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. 23. The UA will remain clear
and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and activities at all times (including, but
not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).
24. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations
will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight
rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
25. The UAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
26. The UAS will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the FAA.
The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non- towered
airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.
27. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to the FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.

                                                        END

                                                              Page 17 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                              APPENDIX D

                                             DJI Inspire 1 Operators Manual
                                               (See Separate Attachment)

                                          File: DJI Inspire Operations Manual

                                                              Page 18 of 19
Kurt von Strasser
Ascent Aerial Video Productions
Request for Exemption for Use of UAS
Under Section 333, Title 14

                                              APPENDIX E

                                      Yuneec Typhoon Q500 Operators Manual
                                               (See Separate Attachment)

                                  File: Yuneec Yyphoon Q500 Operations Manual

                                                              Page 19 of 19
