June 9, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11794
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-0305

Mr. Tony Portelli
ATAC Global LLC
8352 W. Warm Springs Road
Las Vegas, NV 89113

Dear Mr. Portelli:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on February 9, 2015,1 you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of ATAC Global LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S900.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in

1 On May 20, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ATAC Global LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ATAC Global LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S900 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
                                                                                                            5

    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                 ATAC  Global,  LLC  FAA  Exemption  Request  

                                                        
                                                        
                                                        

Letter dated February 4, 2015, ATAC Global LLC(POC Tony Portelli) 8352 W. Warm
Springs Rd, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89113, petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) for an exemption from part 21 and §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a),
91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of the Federal
Regulations (14 CFR). The proposed exemption would allow ATAC Global to operate its
unmanned aerial system (UAS) for aerial photography and inspection, including but not
limited to operations: (1) over land, waterways, and oceans; (2) operation over and/or in
nonrestricted National Parks, National Forests, and non-navigable airspace using
nonintrusive recording devices; and (3) operation in otherwise unrestricted U.S. States
and Territories. All proposed operations would be conducted under controlled conditions
in airspace that is: (1) limited, (2) predetermined, and (3) access controlled

  
                                                        

ATAC Global requests relief from the following regulations:

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

AFS-14-373-E

Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter
"N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport
category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator
must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words
"limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as
applicable.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

ATAC Global UAS will have no airworthiness certificate; an exemption may be needed
from 14 CFR § 45.23 as the UA will not have a cockpit or cabin. Given the size of the
UAS, the 2-inch lettering will be impossible. The petitioner asserts that an equivalent
level of safety will be provided by having the UA marked with the word "experimental"
on the fuselage in compliance with 14 CFR § 45.29(f), in a location where the pilot,
observer, and others working with the UA will see the identification.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of
an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor
may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

Given the size, weight, and speed of the UA, as well as the location where it is operated
and the fact that the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers on board, as a result the
proposed operations can achieve a very high level of safety, also, additional safety
measures are in place by requiring PIC to complete 50 hours of onsite with an additional
10 hours of online instruction before becoming operational. Also, UAS flights will be
limited to below 500feet AGL.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of
an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor
may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
an airworthy condition.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

Currently, no such certificate exists in the applicable in the form contemplated by FAA
regulations. As a result, this regulation is inapplicable

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is
available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

The UAS carries no pilot and given the size of the UA, carrying these documents aboard
the UAS is not possible. However, these documents will remain at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.103(b) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with
runway lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance
information.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

UAS operator will thoroughly cover all preflight actions including reviewing weather,
battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data
before initiation of flight using appropriate checklists.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

Flight control is accomplished through the use of a radio transmitter that communicates
with the aircraft via a receiver in the UA Therefore, there are no dual flight controls.
Additionally, there is no pilot or passengers in the UAS and the small size and safe
speeds are added safety measures

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:
Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

    1. (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
         landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

    2. (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
         settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet
         above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the
         aircraft.

    3. (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
         surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases,
         the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
         vehicle, or structure.

    4. (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
         operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the
         surface--
             1. (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums
                  prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each
                  person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes
                  specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
             2. (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be
                  operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of
                  this section.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

91.119 allows safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but that it allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. ATAC Global will not
operates UAS above the altitude of 500 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only
operate in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing a level of safety at
least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes." Because of the
size, weight, maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or higher level of
safety will be achieved. Also, No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation
of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure."

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

Altimeter settings is inapplicable since the UAS utilizes electronic GPS with a barometric
sensor.
                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis
added].

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

The limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed
operations within a predetermined area, a longer timeframe for flight in daylight or night
VFR conditions is reasonable. We believe an equivalent level of safety can be achieved
by limiting flights to 45 minutes or not less than 15 percent of battery power, whichever
occurs first. Also, ATAC Global UAS has preprogrammed setting that enables the UAS to
return to original take off location when signal is lost and or battery becomes too low
adding an additional safety measure

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil
aircraft unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness
certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for
operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration
Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

The UAS carries no pilot and given the size of the UA, carrying these documents aboard
the UAS is not possible. However, these documents will remain at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued
under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
passengers or crew.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

The UAS carries no pilot and given the size of the UA, carrying these documents aboard
the UAS is not possible. However, these documents will remain at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:
Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner
shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and
shall, between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

This is only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. ATAC Global will
keep routine and preflight maintenance records, which will be accomplished by the
operator, who will keep a log of any performed maintenance. The operator is most
familiar with the UAS and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy condition to provide
an equivalent level of safety and will do so prior to each flight. Should a mechanical
issue arises, the UAS can land immediately, and given its small size, it poses minimal risk
to persons or property.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an
aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

This is only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. ATAC Global will
keep routine and preflight maintenance records, which will be accomplished by the
operator, who will keep a log of any performed maintenance. The operator is most
familiar with the UAS and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy condition to provide
an equivalent level of safety and will do so prior to each flight. Should a mechanical
issue arises, the UAS can land immediately, and given its small size, it poses minimal risk
to persons or property.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection
for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
chapter.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

This is only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. ATAC Global will
keep routine and preflight maintenance records, which will be accomplished by the
operator, who will keep a log of any performed maintenance. The operator is most
familiar with the UAS and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy condition to provide
an equivalent level of safety and will do so prior to each flight. Should a mechanical
issue arises, the UAS can land immediately, and given its small size, it poses minimal risk
to persons or property.

                      FAA rule which we seek exemption below in bold:

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records
of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
rotor.

(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor,
and appliance.

(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
appliances are maintained.

(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive
number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action,
the time and date when the next action is required.

(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
prescribed:

(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
performed.

(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
§ 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
aircraft is approved for return to service.

                   ATAC Global description of the exemption we seek below:

The above is only applicable to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Prior to each
flight, the UAS will undergo a routine preflight maintenance, which will be carried out by
the pilot in command, who will keep a log of any performed maintenance to be certain
that the UAV is airworthy. The operator is most familiar with the UAS and best suited to
maintain it in an airworthy condition to provide an equivalent level of safety.
Additionally, if a mechanical issue arises, the UA can land immediately, and given its
small size, it poses minimal risk to persons or property.

                                     ATAC Global Conclusion

Public Interest

Given the small size of the UAS involved and the limited environment within which it
will operate, its proposed operation falls squarely within that zone of safety. Also,
because of the size of the UAS and the restricted areas in which the UAS will operate, the
fact that there are no passengers, no fuel, as well as the extensive training and continuing
education (annual) that the operator goes through prior to operations serves as additional
safety, which will benefit the public.

Granting the requested exemptions is in the public interest because of (1) the strong
equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and (2) the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and reduction in environmental impacts (such
as reduced emissions associated with allowing UAS for photography and inspection
operations).

ATAC Global has trained many law enforcement personal and also first responders for
over two decades. Our willingness and ability to carry out these same standards, which
have proven tremendous success into the UAS industry can have a safe and meaningful
initiative.

  
