April 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11304
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1014

Mr. Mark E. McKinnon
Counsel for Auburn University Aviation Center
McKenna Long & Aldridge, LLP
1676 International Drive Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. McKinnon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 3, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Auburn University Aviation Center (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct training courses to instruct students in the operation of unmanned aircraft
and their associated systems.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Auburn University Aviation Center is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Auburn University Aviation Center is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
Albany            ,QWHUQDWLRQDO'ULYH3HQWKRXVH                                 Northern  Virginia  
                             McLean,  VA  22102                                  Orange  County  
Atlanta                       Tel:  703.336.8800  
                              mckennalong.com                                 Rancho  Santa  Fe  
Brussels                                                                               San  Diego  
                       December 3, 2014
Denver                                                                            San  Francisco  
                                                                                             Seoul  
Los  Angeles  
                                                                               Washington,  DC  
Miami  
                                                                      EMAIL ADDRESS
New  York                                           mmckinnon@mckennalong.com

Mark E. McKinnon                                          mclark@mckennalong.com
703.336.8708
Matthew J. Clark
703.336.8714

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Petition of Auburn University Aviation Center, for an Exemption Pursuant to
                 Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Dear Gentlemen:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Auburn University Aviation Center ("Auburn University") hereby
applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to
allow commercial operation of small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small unmanned aircraft"
or "UAS") as part of Auburn University's Flight Instruction Program.

         This exemption is made based on information outlined in this Petition for Exemption, as
well as the accompanying Auburn DJI Phantom 2 UAS Flight Operations Manual, Auburn DJI
Phantom 2 UAS Aircraft Flight Manual (sometimes referred to collectively as "Auburn's
Ops/Flight Manuals"), DJI Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual, Smart Flight Battery Safety
Guidelines, Quick Start Guide, and Pilot Training Guide (collectively referred to as
"Manufacturer's Manuals"). Auburn University submits these supporting materials as
confidential documents pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as the materials contain confidential
commercial and proprietary information that Auburn University has not and will not share with
others. Additionally, these documents contain operating conditions and procedures that are not
generally available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements established by the FAA
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 2

       For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:

I.     Description of Petitioner
II.    Description of Proposed Operation
III.   Relevant Statutory Authority
IV.    Auburn University's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333
       of the Reform Act
V.     A . Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and

VI.             Operational Capability
VII.   B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
VIII.
IV.             the Auburn's Ops/Flight Manual
       Regulations From Which Exemption is Sought
       A . 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ± Airworthiness Certificates and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203
       B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category

                Rotorcraft
       C . 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
       D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                Registration
       E . 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                Identification Requirements
       F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
       G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
       H . 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
       I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
       J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                Conditions
       K . 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                Maintenance Inspections
       L . 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. § 61.3, 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges
                and Limitations
       Public Interest
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       Conclusion
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 3

I.   DESCRIPTION  OF  PETITIONER  

         Auburn University has a rich aviation history and heritage. Auburn University Flight
Education was established in 1941 as the Auburn School of Aviation. During World War II, the
school trained civilian pilots for service in the Army Air Corps. Now, the primary Flight
Education mission is to provide the Professional Flight Management degree students with a
quality education in required ground and flight courses. Auburn students in other majors,
Auburn faculty and staff and local citizens also earn their "wings" at Auburn. After decades of
successful hires and graduates, Auburn and Flight Education have developed a solid reputation
for excellence across the aviation industry.

         Auburn University is dedicated to continuing to build a robust, visionary aviation and
aerospace program that fosters economic development, discovers new products and processes,
and creates opportunities for students. As part of this vision, Auburn University seeks an
exemption for commercial operations of small UAS to conduct training courses to instruct
students in the operation of unmanned aircraft and their associated systems.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a), Auburn University provides the following
information in support of its Petition for Exemption.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

Bill Hutto
Director
Auburn University Aviation Center
2150 Mike Hubbard Boulevard
Phone: (334) 844-1942
Fax: (334) 844-4272
Web: www.auburn.edu/aviationcenter
Email: huttowt@auburn.edu

II.   DESCRIPTION  PROPOSED  OPERATION  

         Auburn University intends to establish a UAS Flight Instruction Program. This program
will introduce students to the elements of UAS operation from a commercial and non-
commercial perspective and how these operations must fit into the National Air Space System
("NAS"). All UAS training and instruction activities will occur under tightly controlled
conditions on property that is more than five miles from any airport and is owned and controlled
by Auburn University. Upon completion of Auburn University's Program, students will be
provided with a Certificate of Completion. This "Certificate of Completion" does not permit the
student to engage in commercial UAS activities that are not in accordance with the FARs, but
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 4

rather, is intended to be an acknowledgement that the student has successfully demonstrated a
complete understanding of UAS operations from a NAS perspective.

         Auburn University will serve students, federal, state, and local governments, and the
aviation industry as a whole by pioneering UAS academic programs, enhancing relationships
with government and industry, strengthening UAS flight operations and training, and
collaborating with other academic institutions. This exemption request is an opportunity to not
only prepare students for aviation and aerospace careers in the UAS industry, but also to
collaborate with the FAA to study and address training and qualification needs specific to the
UAS industry. Furthermore, Auburn University will coordinate and continuously update its
curriculum to take advantage of new guidance and regulations proposed and implemented by the
FAA. Auburn University is committed to ensuring that its instruction program not only is
compliant, but always reflects best practices as UAS integration into the NAS proceeds.

I I I. RELEVANT  STATUTORY  AUTHORITY

         This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA
"to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit
unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the NAS where it is safe to do so based on the following
considerations:

              x The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

              x Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

              x Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§ 44701(a), (b) and §§ 44702 ±
44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1)
would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or how it would
provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (petitions for
exemption).

IV. AUBURN   UNIVERSITY'S   PROPOSED   UAS   OPERATIONS   MEET   THE   REQUIREMENTS   OF  
   SECTION  333  OF  THE  REFORM  ACT
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 5

         Auburn University's proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited
approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria and relevant
factors are satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the U AS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         Auburn University will employ the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus quadcopter for the operations
described in this Petition for Exemption. This UAS has a maximum take-off weight of less than 3
pounds. The flight speed is limited to a maximum of 33.5 miles per hour, and it will not be flown at
an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL. All flights will be flown in such a way that they can be safely
terminated with a reserve battery power of 25% of the battery's maximum charge. The DJI Phantom
Vision II Plus does not carry any flammable propellant or fuel. The UAS also has an integrated GPS
system that calculates the UAS's position and height and relays that information via a secure
connection to the operator. Additionally, the UAS contains a failsafe mode if its connection to the
remote control is lost, and this system permits the UAS to return to a predetermined location and
land without injury or damage.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
                  A uburn's O ps/F light M anuals

         Together, Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals and the Manufacturer's Manuals contain all of the
procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the operations specified in this Petition
for Exemption. To assist the FAA in making a safety assessment of Auburn University's proposed
operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions which will ensure an
equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

         1. The UAS weighs 3 pounds or less.

         2. Flights will be operated within the visual-line-of sight of a pilot and an observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to 25% reserve
                  battery power remaining.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will not be
                  conducted within navigable controlled airspace without prior written authorization
                  from the FAA.

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any persons,
                  inhabited structures, vehicles or vessels that are not involved in the inspection unless
                  permission has been received and appropriate waivers have been signed by the
                  persons or property owners in advance.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 6

         6. Flights will be limited to a speed of 35 mph and vertical ascent will be limited to 15
                  mph.

         7. The UAS will be operated and maintained in accordance with the requirements of
                  the Manufacturer's Manuals and any manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

         8. Prior to the operation, the flights will be fully preplanned and briefed, including
                  possible contingencies and emergency procedures.

         9. Auburn University will file a Notice to Airman ("NOTAM") with an appropriate air
                  traffic control ("ATC") facility between 72 and 48 hours before the flight.

         10. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
                  city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
                  governmental agencies.

         11. If the UAS loses communication with the pilot, it will have the capability to return to
                  the sterile area home launch location or a pre-determined safe abort location.

         12. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                  communication between the pilot and the observer.

         13. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in the case of unpredicted obstacles
                  or emergencies.

         14. All UAS operators and observers will have a Class III Medical Certificate.

         15. All UAS operations will occur in daylight, Visual Flight Recognition ("VFR")
                  conditions. IFR flights are prohibited and no flights will occur at night, or in adverse
                  weather conditions.

         16. The UAS will be controlled by the Phantom 2 2.4GHz Remote Control System and
                  the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall comply
                  with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate
                  government oversight agency requirements.

V.   REGULATIONS  FROM  WHICH  EXEMPTION  IS  SOUGHT  

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 7

under § 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.1

         Auburn University seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R.
Parts 21, 45, 61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using UAS. Listed
below are: (1) the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and; (2) the
operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of
safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.2

         A . 14 C . F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ± A irworthiness C ertificates and 14 C . F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made
under the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when
compared to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and
therefore no exemption is needed. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-
2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics of
the chosen UAS that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UASs selected by Auburn University are safe when taking into account their size,
weight, speed, and operational capability. As set forth in Section IV(B), supra, the UAS weighs
less than 3 pounds and will be flown at less than 33.5 mph and completely outside controlled
airspace. Additionally, the UASs carry neither pilots nor passengers, carry no explosive
materials and or flammable liquid fuels, and operate exclusively within the parameters stated in
Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals.

         Operations conducted under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by
the operator and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to
provide security for the area of operation. Auburn University will also provide the FAA with
advance notice of all operations via NOTAMS. In all cases, the UAS operated under the

1 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
2 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
         the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the
         rule from which you seek exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 8

proposed conditions, will be at least as safe as, or safer than conventional rotorcraft operating
with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS
operations.

         Further, the UAS does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC,
because those capabilities will be possessed by the PIC and Observer, who are not onboard the
UAS. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, the UAS will be
operated at all times in visual line-of-sight and in VFR conditions. Id.

         B. 14 C . F.R. Part 27 A irworthiness Standards: Normal C ategory
                  Rotorcraft

         Title 14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS would otherwise
require certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness
standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, supra.

         C . 14 C . F.R. § 91.7(a): C ivil A ircraft A irworthiness

         Inasmuch as there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS Petitioner
intends to use, Auburn University seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires
that a civil aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no
exemption is required for 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are
waived or found inapplicable. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-
2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. Accordingly, Petitioner requests that the requirements for § 91.7(a) be
treated in accordance with Section V(A), supra.

         D. 14 C . F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): C ivil A ircraft Flight M anual in the A ircraft and 14
                  C . F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): C ar rying C ivil A ircraft Certification and
                  Registration

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ±
                  «

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of
         this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
         or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
         or any combination thereof.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 9

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

         $QDSSURSULDWHDQGFXUUHQWDLUZRUWKLQHVVFHUWLILFDWH«

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

         Given the small size and configuration of the UAS, it would be impossible to keep
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is simply no
room. Also the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by
Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight
manual, registration certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station
from which he or she is operating the aircraft. As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion
clarifies, the intent of the rule is to ensure the pilot has access to these key documents during
flight. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved be ensuring that the pilot has
access to the documents at the ground control station from which he or she is piloting the UAS.

         E . 14 C . F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): A ircraft M ar king and
                  Identification Requirements

         Auburn University seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

         x 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
             provides that:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                  identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

         x 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                  number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                  experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
                  display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 10

                  station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
                  words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional,"
                  as applicable.

         x 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

                  Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on
                  both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by
                  § 45.23.

         In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings
in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as practicable."
FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         Auburn University will mark all UASs with their N-Number on the fuselage. The
markings will be made as large as practicable.

         F. 14 C . F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Auburn University seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to
become familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in
the FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight Manual is required.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals
and the Manufacturer's Manuals. The PIC will perform a series of checklists in accordance with
the Petitioner's Aircraft Flight Manual, including checklists covering Pre-Flight, Launch,
Landing, After Landing, and Shut Down/Secure procedures.3 The PIC will also be required to
review weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft
performance data, and contingency landing areas - before initiation of flight. Auburn's
Ops/Flight Manuals and the Manufacturer's Manuals will be kept at the ground control station
and will be accessible to the PIC at all times while operating the UAS.

3 See pages 11-12 of the Auburn DJI Phantom 2 sUAS Aircraft Flight Manual.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 11

         G. 14 C . F.R. § 91.109(a): F light Instruction

         Auburn University seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that
"[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely
piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. Accordingly, an exemption will be required for the flight instruction
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a).

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         Given the size and speed of the UAS that Auburn University intends to use, an equivalent
level of safe training can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers
are aboard the UAS, and as required by Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, all persons will be a safe
distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction.
Moreover, Petitioner will conduct training in a controlled and sterile environment. As required
by Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, training and instruction will be conducted in a sterile area on
property that is owned and controlled by Auburn University. These facilities will not be open to
the public during UAS operations, and access will be restricted to authorized Auburn University
personnel and students enrolled in the UAS course.

         As required by Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, the Flight Training Team will be composed
of a PIC, Visual Observer, Student, Instructor, and Flight Examiner.5 Designated Instructors and
Examiners are required to be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and
have a Class III Medical Certificate. Further, all Instructors and Examiners must have
successfully passed a written and/or oral exam covering Auburn University's UAS operations per
Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals. Instructors and Examiners are also required to pass a practical
exam covering operations of the aircraft being used to perform the proposed operations in this
Petition for Exemption. As a whole, the safety procedures provided for in Auburn's Ops/Flight
Manuals ensure that the proposed UAS operations provide an equivalent or higher level of safety
than the flight instruction regulations.

         H . 14 C . F.R. § 91.119: M inimum Safe A ltitudes

         Auburn University requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements
of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which
aircraft may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel,
vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d)

5 See pages 33-34 of the Auburn DJI Phantom 2 sUAS Flight Operations Manual.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 12

allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated
"without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the
helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the
FAA."

         An exemption is required because the proposed UAS operations will need to occur below
400 feet AGL. Further, due to the nature of the proposed operations, the PIC, Observer(s),
Instructor and/or Student may at times be less than 500 feet away from the UAS.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
weights proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel with the UASs, any risk
associated with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional
aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UASs, as well the controlled and sterile location where the operations will occur. In order to
avoid any risk to manned aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below.
As set forth in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, the UASs will be operated in a restricted area that
is owned or controlled by Auburn University. These restrictions will ensure that the proposed
UAS operations are performed in a manner that protects the safety of participants, non-
participants, the UAS and other property.

         I. 14 C . F.R. § 91.121: A ltimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
to the extent that the UASs do not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read
out.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 can be achieved in circumstances where: (1) the UASs will be operated at 400 feet AGL
or below, (2) within visual line-of-sight, (3) where GPS based altitude information is relayed in
real time to the operator at a ground-based on-screen display and, (4) where prior to each flight, a
zero altitude initiation point is established for the PIC to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS.
See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 21.

         As the attached Auburn Ops/Flight Manuals and Manufacturer's Manuals demonstrate,
the UASs Auburn University intends to use meet these requirements. Moreover, Auburn
University's Aircraft Flight Manual includes GPS compass calibration procedures that must be
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 13

performed prior to each flight. Like Astraeus Aerial's petition for exemption, the UASs Auburn
University intends to use, and the safety procedures contained in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals,
both ensure that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved, and a grant of exemption to the
requirements of § 191.121 is therefore appropriate.

         J. 14 C . F.R. § 91.151(a): F uel Requirements for F light in V F R
                  Conditions

         Auburn University requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements
for flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
         first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ±

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute battery reserve. An
exemption from the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is therefore required.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by requiring that
each UAS operation be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25% battery power
remaining, whichever occurs first. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352. Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals include a similar restriction which requires UAS
flight operations to be terminated once 25% battery power reserve is reached.

         The UAS that Auburn University intends to use has a low battery capacity warning
system. Telemetry data is downlinked from the UA to the ground control station which will alert
the PIC when remaining battery power drops below 30%. Consistent with the procedures in
Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, the PIC will promptly fly the UA back to the home launch
location or pre-determined abort location where the UA may safely land. Together, the safety
procedures required in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, and the design features of the selected
UAS, ensure that the proposed operation will provide an equivalent level of safety to that
provided by the regulations.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 14

         K . 14 C . F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a) (1) and (2) ; 91.417(a) and (b):
                  Maintenance & Inspections

         Auburn University seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a) (1) & (2); 91.417(a) and (b). These
regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See,
e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections
«KDYHGLVFUHSDQFLHVUHSDLUHGDVSUHVFULEHGLQSDUWRIWKLVFKDSWHU$QH[HPSWLRQIURP
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS Auburn University intends to use will not have.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the Manufacturer's Manuals and any applicable manufacturer
Safety Bulletins. Further, as required by Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, flights will not be
conducted unless a pre-flight checklist covering all flight critical components of the UAS has
been completed. Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals also contains recordkeeping requirements for
routine, interval and post-flight maintenance. As a whole, the maintenance and inspection
procedures required in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals ensure that an equivalent or higher level of
safety will be achieved.

         L . 14 C . F.R. Part 61, 14 C . F.R. § 61.3, 14 C . F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot
                  Privileges And Limitations

         Auburn University will require its flight instructors to have a private SLORW¶VOLFHQVH.
However, as set forth in the accompanying Manuals, flight instruction will also be provided to
VWXGHQWVZKRZLOOQRWKDYHDSULYDWHSLORW¶s license. Accordingly, Auburn University seeks
exemption from 14 CFR Part 61, including 14 CFR § 61.3 to the extent that these regulations are
interpreted as requiring a student receiving UAS pilot instruction to have a private pilot's
certificate. All student instruction flights will be conducted under closely controlled
circumstances, outside of navigable airspace and away from persons or property not involved in
the instruction. In addition, the student instruction flights will be conducted under the close
supervision of a flight instructorZKRZLOOKDYHDSULYDWHSLORW¶VOLFHQVH

         In addition, to the extent that Auburn University will be employing persons with a private
SLORW¶VOLFHQVHWRRSHUDWHLWV8$6DQH[HPSWLRQLVDOVRVRXJKWfrom 14 C.F.R § 61.113, which
restricts private pilot certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and which
would also require a second class medical certificate. The purpose of this section is to ensure the
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 15

skill and competency of any PIC where the aircraft is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In
this case, while Instructors6 or Flight Examiners acting as PIC of the Flight Training Team will
be operating UASs for a commercial purpose as part of Auburn University's Flight Instruction
Program, the UASs carry neither passengers nor cargo.7 Moreover, in the Astraeus Aerial Grant
of Exemption (FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), the FAA determined that the unique
characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the additional
cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC to have a Commercial Pilot Certificate and
Class II Medical Certificate.

                 Equivalent Level of Safety

         Auburn University will ensure and equivalent level of safety to the regulatory
requirements of 14 C.F.R. Part 61, including 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.3 and 61.113 by following the
safety procedures provided in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals. Specifically, the sUAS Flight
Instruction procedures and Flight Training Team protocols contained in Paragraphs 7 and 16 of
Auburn's sUAS Flight Operations Manual include numerous conditions and limitations which
ensure the proposed UAS operations can be conducted safely. These include a minimum of a
Class III Medical Certificate for all flight personnel, including students, a demonstration of
proficiency through written/oral examination covering all flight operations.

         In addition to these training and experience requirements, Auburn University has placed
additional restrictions on its proposed UAS operations to ensure an extra margin of safety. The
UAS will only operate in a controlled and sterile area away from persons and property not
involved in the operation. As required in Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, the PIC will maintain a
500 foot buffer from non-participating personnel, as well as buildings, vessels and vehicles that
are not part of the UAS operation being conducted. It will be flown based on VLOS at 400 feet
AGL or below. Auburn University will also file a NOTAM with the appropriate ATC facility
between 48 and 72 hours before the flight is to occur. Auburn's Ops/Flight Manuals, including
its qualification, currency and training requirements for members of Auburn's Flight Instruction
Program, ensure that UAS operators are competent and proficient in the UAS they are operating.
Collectively, these procedures ensure that the proposed UAS operations can be conducted safely

V I. PUBLIC  INTEREST

6 Instructors are defined as: "The individual receiving instruction covering sUAS operation as
provided by Auburn University." Auburn DJI Phantom 2 sUAS Aircraft Flight Manual at
¶16.2.1.4.1.1.
7 Student operators participating in Auburn University's Flight Instruction Program will not
operate UAS for compensation or hire.
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 16

         The public interest will be served by granting Auburn University's Petition for
Exemption. Congress has established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS into
the National Airspace System ("NAS") in controlled, safe working environments such as those
proposed in this Petition. Granting this Petition for Exemption helps fulfill Congress' goal in
passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act, namely; the FAA Administrator's
assessment of whether certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

         The proposed UAS operations in this Petition for Exemption will benefit students,
federal, state, and local governments, and the aviation industry as a whole by pioneering UAS
academic programs that focus on the safe integration of UAS into the NAS. This Petition for
Exemption offers the FAA and opportunity to collaborate with an academic institution that has
decades of experience and a solid reputation for excellence throughout all facets of the aviation
industry. The public as a whole will benefit from a collaborative relationship between the FAA
and Auburn University that focuses on the safe promotion of best practices for training and
qualification needs specific to the UAS industry.

         The proposed UAS operations in this Petition for Exemption will also improve safety and
reduce risk by alleviating the public's exposure to danger associated with student flight training
utilizing full size fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft. The UASs Petitioner intends to use are
battery powered and create no emissions. Moreover, in the unlikely event that one of Petitioner's
UASs crash, there is no fuel to ignite and explode. Any accident involving Petitioner's
lightweight UASs will present significantly less danger to the pilot and other individuals on the
ground than one involving a full size helicopter.

VII.   PRIVACY  

         All Auburn University UAS operations shall be conducted in accordance with applicable
federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy. Auburn University will not conduct flight
operations over property that it does not own or control without the prior consent and knowledge
of the property owner. Moreover, Auburn University will not capture or use images from
neighboring properties within the vicinity of UAS flight operations.

VIII.   FEDERAL  REGISTER  SUMMARY  

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following sections in Title 14 of the Code of
Federal Regulations:
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 17

         Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; 45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.3; 61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c);
91.103; 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent flight training with
conventional fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, or other methods.

IV.   CONCLUSION  

         Auburn University's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section
333 of the Reform Act of 2012 including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to
airports and populated areas, operation within visual line-of-sight and national security. The
proposed UAS operations will benefit the public as a whole by fostering a collaborative
relationship between the FAA and Auburn University which focuses on UAS training,
qualifications, and processes involving the safe and efficient operation of UAS in the NAS.

         In consideration of the foregoing, Auburn University's Petition for Exemption provides
the FAA with more than adequate justification for granting of the requested exemptions allowing
Auburn University to perform commercial operations as part of Auburn University's Flight
Instruction Program.

         Should you have any questions, or if you need additional information to support the
requested exemptions, please contact the undersigned or John McGraw at:

         John McGraw Aerospace Consulting, LLC
         Phone: 540-219-1638
         Email: john@jmacaerospace.aero

                                                               Very truly yours,

                                                               /s/ Mark E. McKinnon_____
                                                               Mark E. McKinnon
                                                               Matthew J. Clark
                                                             Counsel for Petitioner

Attachments
U.S. Department of Transportation
December 3, 2014
Page 18

(The following attached items contain proprietary and commercial information exempt from
disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 522 et seq., and should be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)).

A ttachment A: Auburn DJI Phantom 2 sUAS Flight Operations Manual
A ttachment B: Auburn DJI Phantom 2 sUAS Aircraft Flight Manual
A ttachment C: DJI Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual
A ttachment D: DJI Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
A ttachment E : Phantom 2 Vision + Quick Start Guide
A ttachment F : Phantom 2 Vision + Pilot Training Guide
