May 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11640
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0595

Mr. Jeffrey Robinson
August Aerial Imagery
N2291 Birchwood Dr.
Waupaca, WI 54981

Dear Mr. Robinson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of August Aerial Imagery (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct advertising and real estate videography and photography, precision farming,
inspections, and search and rescue operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, August Aerial Imagery is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, August Aerial Imagery is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
AUGUST AERIAL IMAGERY

920-562-9529           March 3, 2015
jeffrobinson13@me.com
N2291 Birchwood Dr.    Jeffrey Robinson
Waupaca, WI 54981      August Aerial Imagery
                       N2291 Birchwood Dr.
                       Waupaca, WI 54981

                       Dear Sir or Madam,

                       Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
                       2012 (the"Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, operators at August Aerial
                       Imagery seek an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations detailed
                       herein for the operation of lightweight aerial imaging equipment, also
                       referred to throughout as Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS), as well as
                       their ground based operation equipment described within.

                       Our Aircraft:

                       Our operation will include a single UAS, manufacturer DJI, referred to
                       hereinafter as the Inspire 1. (UAS manuals attached). The DJI Inspire 1
                       has the following flight and safety relatable features:

                       · Inspire 1 is a UAS Quadcopter made by DJI that has a fixed gimbal and
                          camera attached to the bottom. Inspire 1 has a maximum weight of 6.47
                          lb. (2965 grams), and a maximum range of 2000m.

                       · Inspire 1 has built in telemetry to allow the operator to see all onboard
                          information relating to the safety of flight including but not limited to
                          battery percentage remaining, overall health of the operating system,
                          built-in GPS for position hold and automatic return-to-home, and
                          multiple fail-safes for maximum safety.

                       · The onboard camera allows the operator to record High Definition
                          video, as well as take camera stills. The video is transmitted real-time to
                          the control and operator allowing the operator to see images to all sides
                          of the UAS utilizing an Apple iPad Air.
· DJI Inspire 1 is limited to a maximum assent rate of 5 m/s and has a
   maximum decent rate of 4 m/s. It also has a limitation of maximum
   speed of 22 m/s or 49 mph.

· The Inspire 1 will be operated with a 5700maH lithium polymer battery
   allowing for flight times not to exceed 22 minutes.

Our Ground Based Guidance and Control System:
· DJI Inspire 1 is controlled using a DJI transmitter, operating on a

   2.4GHz frequency to a maximum range of 2km. (Specific operating
   range of 2.400-2.483GHz.) (See Manual Appendix page 57 for all
   specifications.) These specifications fall within FCC guidelines for
   operators. Powered by a lithium polymer battery it has a 4 hour time
   between charges.
· The DJI Inspire 1 transmitter has a built in GPS allowing the Inspire 1
   to always know where to return to in the event of a failure.
· The Inspire 1 transmitter will be controlled by a single operator, but will
   utilize a Visual Observer when necessary.

Our Operator:
· August Aerial Imagery will use a single operator for each flight, and

   when able/necessary use a Visual Observer to assist in keeping sight of
   the Inspire 1 at all times. At no time will the UAS be flown outside of
   visual line-of-sight and visual range.

· Our operator/owner holds a current Airline Transport Pilot rating with
   10 years experience as an Airline Pilot. 8 years as an Airline Captain.
   (Certificate #2733774) He also has 2 years experience and over 800
   hours as a flight instructor. (Certificate 2733774CFII)

· Our Operator/Pilot has a total of 7,450 hours of flight time at the time of
   filing. Including 6,800 hours of Pilot in Command. He also has over 4
   years experience as FAR part 121 Line Check Airman, and is a qualified
   simulator and ground-school instructor at his current airline.

· Our Operator/Pilot currently holds and will maintain a 1st Class medical
   certificate.

· Our Operator/Pilot has approximately 18 years of aircraft flight
   experience.

· Our Operator/Pilot has approximately 20 years of Radio Control aircraft
   operational experience in RC airplanes, helicopters, boats, and cars.

· The only pilot allowed to operate the UAS under this exemption will be
   the Owner/Operator of August Aerial Imagery, ATP certificate
   2733774.

Our Business Intent:

August Aerial Imagery will be utilizing the UAS for multiple projects for
time to time. These include:

· Precision Farming

         Based in Central Wisconsin, we have a large amount of interest in
         using our UAS to inspect and photograph corn fields for precision
         farming. Utilizing a UAS to inspect fields instead of a costly
         traditional helicopter or airplane will not only save a significant
         amount of money, but also increase safety over traditional methods
         that utilize gas/turbine helicopters.

· Microwave Tower Inspection

         Inspecting microwave towers (including cellular telephone towers)
         traditionally requires a human inspection. Utilizing a UAS to
         inspect these towers greatly improves safety and will prevent
         deaths of tower Inspectors. We have a significant amount of
         interest from companies doing business in Central and Northeast
         Wisconsin to conduct such inspections.

· Bridge Inspections

         Similar to inspecting towers with the use of UAS, the required
         inspections of local bridges and overpasses will see a significant
         amount of increased safety. We have interest from local city
         officials to conduct such inspections in Central and Northeast
         Wisconsin.

· Livestock Search and Inspection

         Searching for cattle and other livestock utilizing traditional means
         is both time consuming and ineffective. We plan to utilize the UAS
         to aid farmers and ranchers in making this process much faster,
         saving time and money.

· Insurance Inspections of Home and Property

         August Aerial Imagery has a significant amount of interest from
         local and regional Insurance companies and adjusters to utilize the
         UAS to conduct inspections of property and structures. By utilizing
         the Inspire 1 to conduct inspections of rooftops, farm fields, and
         other property, the insurance company stands to save a significant
         amount of time inspecting such property after storms. Also,
         utilizing the Inspire 1 will increase safety by preventing adjusters
         from having to climb tall ladders and roofs to make such
         inspections.

· Factory Inspections (both internal and external)

         Similar to tower and bridge inspections, we plan to use the Inspire
         1 to conduct inspections within and outside of manufacturing
         facilities. These dangerous and costly inspections will be made
         more safe and less expensive with use of our UAS.

· Commercial Advertising Video and Photography

         August Aerial Imagery has a significant amount of interest in
         taking video and photos for advertising in our local area. Utilizing
         the UAS will offer a significant improvement to the agency with
         regards to both safety and cost. Using a 6 lb. UAS compared to a
         gas turbine helicopter or aircraft will offer a considerable safety
         margin as well as cost savings advantage.

· Real Estate Photography and Videography

         Real Estate photography will see a significant impact with our
         services, allowing real estate agents a much more competitive
         product at a much lower price. Safety will also be increased as
         well as productivity by utilizing out services.
· Yacht Sales Photography and Videography

         August Aerial Imagery has seen a significant interest in utilizing
         out UAS to capture video and photos for Yacht sales near the Bay
         of Green Bay and Sturgeon Bay Wisconsin. We will utilize the
         UAS to increase scope of sales to the yacht brokers. We can offer
         again a more cost competitive product and a much more safe
         development method over the current use of airplanes and
         gas/turbine helicopters.

· Police/Fire/Search and Rescue

         August Aerial Imagery intends to offer our services on a voluntary
         and pro bono basis for multiple local services including but not
         limited to Police services, fire fighting services, and search and
         rescue. These services will increase safety associated with law
         enforcement and search and rescue. The services will be offered
         free of charge to the community.

Our Safety and Operating Plan:

Utilizing our UAS in a safe manner is of upmost importance. Safety will
be the guiding principle of our operation, both with respect to the National
Airspace System, as well as those on the ground. including persons and
property.

Our Safety plan will start with complying with all Federal Aviation
Regulations, as well as conducting audits of safety procedures set forth
within August Aerial Imagery to keep up to date with the safest practices.

Our initial safety philosophy will be based on the premise of "Be Safe
Before Takeoff". We will complete preflight checklists set forth by DJI,
the UAS manufacturer, as well as do thorough post-flight inspections. (see
attached for the complete checklist) We will also complete post-flight
checklist and debriefs to constantly monitor our procedures and identify
any changes that can be made, similar to those set forth on airline flight
decks.

Maintenance and repair of our UAS will be conducted solely by the
manufacturer, DJI, by its employees or designated technicians. With
respect to safety, August Aerial Imagery believes the manufacturer holds
higher maintenance abilities.

August Aerial Imagery will comply with the following at all times when
conducting commercial operations:

    1. All operations will remain outside Class A,B,C,D airspace.

    2. Our operating system will be programmed before all flights to
          avoid airports such not to accidentally fly too close to one. The
          onboard system will not allow the Inspire 1 to fly into such
          airspace. This is an automatic safety feature within the Inspire 1.

    3. Operations conducted by August Aerial Imagery will always
          remain within visual line-of-sight of the UAS. Never to exceed
          the limitations of our operator's eye sight. We will limit the
          maximum range of the UAS to not exceed a single persons visual
          eye-sight range. Utilizing the software within the UAS will help to
          maintain this limit, not to exceed 300m. (.186 miles)

    4. Our UAS will never carry an implement not approved by the
          manufacturer and will never exceed a weight of 55 lb. as stated
          within this exemption.

    5. All operations conducted by August Aerial Imagery will be at an
          altitude of less than 400ft AGL, while the majority of our
          operations will be at an altitude less than 200ft AGL. The Inspire
          1 has an automatic altitude limit built in and will be set and
          checked by our operator prior to every flight operation as part of
          the pre-flight inspection.
6. August Aerial Imagery will not conduct operations with a speed in
     excess of 27 knots. The Inspire 1 UAS has an automatic speed
     limiter that will be set and checked prior to every flight by the
     operator as part of the pre-flight inspection checklist.

7. All operations will be conducted in Day VFR conditions.
     Minimum flight visibility for all operation will be 5 miles.
     Minimum cloud ceilings will be 2000ft OVC (overcast) or BKN
     (broken).

8. All operations will be conducted away from densely populated
     areas. August Aerial Imagery will work with local officials to
     make sure any required local documents or permits are attained
     prior to each flight.

9. Prior to each flight our operator will conduct a safety audit of the
     area to be flown. An assessment will be made with regards to
     persons, property, and weather. This assessment will allow our
     operator to determine whether a safe operation and outcome will
     be expected.

10. Our operation will utilize a single, dual-band transceiver and will
     maintain a "listening watch"of airspace surrounding the
     operations. (example, we will monitor both local frequency 122.8
     as well as maintain watch of emergency frequency 121.5.) Our
     operator will also make traffic advisories of our operation location
     and maximum altitudes prior to all flights utilizing the UAS.

11. Prior to operating under this exemption, our operator will obtain a
     Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA Air
     Traffic Organization.

12. Areas of operation are attached at the bottom of this document.
     Part of the addendum section.
The current regulations that we seek exemption from are:

   A. 14 CFR Part 21 (h) Airworthiness Certification

  · Under this part we seek exemption to apply for and maintain

       airworthiness certification for our UAS. Model and serial number of
       our UAS will be provided within.

   B. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart A: Airworthiness 91.7 (a) Civil Aircraft

           Airworthiness

· Under this part, "no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in

    airworthy condition."

· We seek exemption from this part, as we will keep our UAS in a safe,

    reliable, and airworthy condition, it may not meet all standards as set
    for by this part of the FAR's. Our operator will assume all
    responsibility for determining that the UAS is in a condition safe for
    flight, as well as a condition that will not harm other people or
    property. This will be accomplished using specific guidelines from the
    manufacture, DJI, as well as following any guidance set for for routine
    maintenance.

   C. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart C: 91.203: Certifications Required

· Under this part, (a) no person may operate an aircraft unless it has

    within it the following; An appropriate and current airworthiness
    certificate. This part also includes regulations regarding the use of fuel
    tanks, which do not apply.
· We seek exemption from this part as an airworthiness certificate does

    not apply to our specific UAS.

   D. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitude

· Under this part, (a) no person may operate an aircraft below an altitude

    allowing, if power fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard.
    (c) over other than congested areas an altitude below 500ft AGL.

· We seek exemption from this part due to the nature of the operation, as

    well as the safety procedures set forth will have little to no risk of
    damaging any person or structure.

   E. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.121 (a)(1) Altimeter Setting

· This section pertains to setting an altimeter setting below 18000ft to a

    reported altimeter reporting station setting.

· We seek expedition from this part as our UAS has no way of setting an

    alternate altimeter setting. With a built-in barometer, the Inspire 1 uses
    real-time data to determine altitude each flight. Operating less than
    400ft AGL, we feel our UAS will have little to no impact on other
    participating aircraft. Also, with flights not to exceed 16 minutes (22
    minute battery, and landing at 30% battery remaining) our UAS will
    not need to recalibrate its altimeter while in flight.

   F. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.151 Fuel Required for VFR flight

· This section contains requirements for fuel in VFR flight for

    combustion engines.

· We seek exemption from this part as our UAS operates off of battery

    power only. We feel our operations will not compromise safety to
    either the operator or property as we have set forth a procedure to land
    our UAS when the battery level reaches 30%, or approximately 6
    minutes flight time remaining. The Inspire 1 has built in battery
    telemetry that feeds information real time to the operator and an alarm
    notifies the operator of minimum battery level remaining. (See attached
    manual for more information)

   G. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart E; 91.405 Maintenance Required

· This section contains requirements for the operator to maintain and

    have inspected the aircraft in accordance with Part 43 of the CFR.
    Under this section it is required to keep maintenance logbooks with the
    aircraft. It also requires the aircraft to contain placards of the
    inoperative equipment.

· We seek exemption from this part as our UAS will not be operating

    with inoperative equipment and is too small to carry logbooks. We
    also seek exemption due to no certified maintenance technicians will
    work on the UAS. Under this exemption August Aerial will be
    completing pre-flight and post-flight inspections, and any required
    maintenance or repairs will be completed by the manufacturer, DJI, or
    one of its certified technicians.

   H. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart E; 91.407 Operation After Maintenance

· This part requires an aircraft that has undergone repair, rebuilding,

    alterations, or general maintenance to be approved by an authorized
    person required by CFR 43.9 and CFR 43.11.

· We seek exemption from this part as these inspections do not pertain to

    our operation of the UAS. The operator will be responsible for
    determining the airworthiness of the UAS prior to each flight. After
    maintenance provided by the manufacturer, the operator will complete
    test flights before any operation in the vicinity of persons or property to
    assure all systems are functioning normally.

   I. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart E; 91.409 Inspections

· This section provides details of the required inspection on an aircraft.

    No person will operate an aircraft unless in the preceding 12 months
    has had (1) an annual inspection (2) an issuance of an airworthiness
    certificate.

· We seek exemption from this part as the inspection and airworthiness

    certificate to not apply to our UAS. Our operator will be responsible
    for the inspection and airworthiness determination prior to each flight
    and will have the UAS repaired by the manufacturer or one of its
    certified technicians, if the UAS is found to be in a state other than
    intended but the manufacturer.

   J. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart E; 91.417 Maintenance Records

· This section requires the owner/operator to complete and retain a list of

    all records pertaining to the work preformed, the date of completion,
    the signature of the inspector, and all work preformed on the aircraft.

· We seek exemption from this part as the inspections and technician

    work will not apply. Our operator will be responsible for determining
    the airworthiness of the UAS prior to each flight and will not operate
    the UAS in any condition other than intended by the manufacturer.
    The operator will keep records of all work completed by the
    maintenance facility.

   K. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.103 Preflight Action

· This section requires each pilot prior to flight will become familiar will

    all available information pertaining to that flight including runway
    lengths, flight information, weather, etc. For any flight, runway lengths
    at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing
    distance information include; all applicable information relating to
    aircraft performance, airport elevation, runway slope, aircraft gross
    weight, wind and temperature.

· We seek exemption from this part as our operator, while utilizing all

    available information for the safe operation of the UAS, will not have
    the above information available for most flights. The operator will use
    good judgement and all resources available to ascertain the information
    necessary for the safe operation of the UAS. A preflight inspection will
    be accomplished according to the manufactures instructions prior to
    each flight.

   L. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.105 Flight Crew members Stations

· This section pertains to the required crew members being at their

    stations during all phases of flight, and requires the use of seat belts
    and shoulder harnesses.

· We seek exemption from this section as it pertains to aircraft with

    flight crew member stations. Our UAS does not have such stations.

   M. 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart B; 91.9 Placement of Manual

· This part states no aircraft may operate without a manual onboard the

    aircraft.

· Our UAS is not large enough to carry such operating manual. We will

    however carry a current manufacturer manual in the UAS carrying case
    along with the operator on all flights.

   N. 14 CFR Part 45.23

· Under this part, it is required that each operator must display on that

    aircraft marks consisting of the Roman capital N followed by the
    registration number of the aircraft.

· Our UAS is too small to attach the "N" number. We seek exemption

    from this part as we will be attaching the registration or serial number
    as required on the UAS.
August Aerial Imagery and its owners are committed to a "Safety
First"atmosphere. We are committed to conducting our operation in
accordance with all Federal Aviation Regulations and maintaining a safety
margin of at least those regulations while striving to exceed expectations
set forth by the FAA. We are confident we can approach our operations
with safety while adding a significant advantage to our community both
through private and civil services.

August Aerial Imagery is prepared to respond to any concerns and look
forward to working with you on this important exemption. Please contact
us with any other questions or concerns.

Sincerely yours,
Jeffrey Robinson
August Aerial Imagery

Addendums:
Specifications

Features
    Advanced Ready-to-Fly Design
    Powerful Propulsion System
    Aerodynamic Transforming Design
    Modular, Upgradeable System
    New Camera and Gimbal System
    Live HD View
    Create Together
    Fly Indoors and Without GPS using Vision Positioning System
    Intelligent Power
    Management System
    Full-Featured App
    Dedicated Controls
    A Complete Ready-To-Fly System

Remote Controller
    Operating Frequency

922.7 ~ 927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
5.725 ~ 5.825 GHz
2.400 ~ 2.483 GHz

    Transmitting Distance (outdoor and unobstructed: 2 km
EIRP
10dBm@900M
13dBm@5.8G
20dBm@2.4G

    Output Power:9W
    Battery: 6000 mAh LiPo 2S
    Max Mobile Device Width:170mm

Camera
    Total Pixels:12.76M
    Effective Pixels:12.4M
    ISO Range:100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
    Image Max Size:4000×3000
    Lens9 Elements in 9 groups ,Anti-distortion
Gimbal
    Model:ZENMUSE X3
    Output Power (with camera):Static9 WIn Motion11 W
    Angular Vibration Range:±0.03°
    Controllable Range:Pitch-90° ~ +30°Pan±320°
    Mechanical Range:Pitch-125° ~ +45°Pan ±330°
    Max Controllable SpeedPitch120°/SPan: 180°/s

Weight
2935g (Battery Included)
Takeoff Weight
3400g
Hovering Accuracy
(GPS mode)
Vertical0.5mHorizontal2.5m
Max Angular Velocity
Pitch300°/sYaw150°/s
Max Tilt Angle
35°
Max Ascent/Descent Speed
5/4 m/s
Max Speed
22m/sATTI modeno wind
Max Flight Altitude
4500m
Max Wind Speed Resistance
10m/s
Operating Temperature Range
-10°~40°C
Max Flight Time
Approximately 18 minutes
Indoor Hovering
Enabled by default

Checklists:

Preflight Checklist
1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
6. DJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.
Operating Manual
INSPIRE 1

User Manual 2014.12

V1.0

Using this manual

Legends

Warning Important Hints and Tips Reference

Before Flight

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make
full use of your Inspire 1.

1.Disclaimer
2.In the Box
3.Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide
4.Safety Guidelines
5.Inspire 1 User Manual
6.Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is
recommended. Afterwards, prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1
Quick Start Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information.

Watch the video tutorials

Please watch the tutorial video below to learn how to use Inspire 1 correctly and
safely: www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/video

Download the DJI Pilot app

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before use. Scan the QR code or visit
"http://m.dji.net/djipilot" to download the app.
For the best experience, use mobile device with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above.
Requires iOS 8.0 or later.

2 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Contents

Using this manual
Legends 2 Before Flight 2 Watch the video tutorials 2 Download the DJI
Pilot app 2
Product Profile
Introduction 6 Feature Highlights 6 Assemble the Aircraft 7 Aircraft
Diagram 9 Remote Controller Diagram 9
Aircraft
Flight Controller 12 Flight Mode 12 Flight Status Indicator 12 Return to
Home (RTH) 13 Dynamic Home Point 15 Vision Positioning System 16
Flight Recorder 17 Attaching and Detaching the Propellers 17 DJI
Intelligent Flight Battery 18
Remote Controllers
Remote Controller Profile 24 Remote Controller Operations 24 Dual
Remote Controllers Mode 29 Remote Controller Status LED 31 Linking
the Remote Controller 32 Remote Controller Compliance Version 33
Gimbal and Camera
Camera Profile 35 Gimbal 36

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 3

DJI Pilot App

Camera 40 Map 43 Academy 43 User Center 43

Flight

Flight Environment Requirements 45 Flight Limits and Flight Restriction
Area 45 Preflight Checklist 49 Calibrating the Compass 49 Auto Take-off
and Auto Landing 50 Starting/Stopping the Motors 51 Flight Test 51

FAQ

Appendix

Specifications 57 Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) 60 How to Update
Firmware 61 FCC Compliance 62

4 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Product Profile

This chapter describes the features of Inspire 1, instructs you to assemble
the aircraft and explains the components on the aircraft and remote
controllers.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 5

Product Profile

Introduction

The Inspire 1 is brand new quadcopter capable of capturing 4K video and
transmitting an HD video signal (up to 2km) to multiple devices straight out of
the box. Equipped with retractable landing gear, it can capture an unobstructed
360 degree view from its camera. The built-in camera has an integrated gimbal to
maximize stability and weight efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS
signal is available, Vision Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

Feature Highlights

Camera and Gimbal: Up to 4K video recording and 12 megapixel photo
capture. Reserved mounting space for ND filters for better exposure control. New
quick-release mount allows you to remove the camera with ease.

HD Video Downlink: Low latency, HD downlink powered by an enhanced
version of the DJI Lightbridge system. It also provides dual controllers mode.

Landing gear: Retractable landing gear that enables an unobstructed panoramic
view from the camera. DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: 4500 mAh DJI Intelligent
Flight Battery employs new battery cells and a battery management system.

Flight Controller: The next generation flight controller system provides a more
reliable flight experience. A new flight recorder stores the flight data from each
flight, and Vision Positioning enhances hovering precision when no GPS is
available.

Product Profile

6 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Assemble the Aircraft Unlocking Travel Mode

The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it to
Landing Mode before your first flight:
1. Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.
2. Power on the Remote Controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.

3. Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times. 4. Power
off the aircraft.

Travel Mode Toggle×4 Landing Mode

Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging
the Intelligent Flight Battery" (P21) for more information .
If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the
Master remote controller to deactivate Travel Mode. Refer to "Setting Up Dual
Remote Controllers Mode" (P30) section for more infromation about Master
remote controller.

Be sure to remove the gimbal from the aircraft before switch from Landing Mode
to Travel Mode. Place the aircraft on the smooth and reflective surface (e.g. table
or tile) before switching between the travel modes to the landing mode. Do not
place the aircraft on the rough and sound-absorbing surface (e.g. carpet) before
switching between the travel modes and landing mode.

Installing Gimbal and Camera

1. Remove Gimbal Cover.
2. Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when facing the
nose of the aircraft). 3. Insert the gimbal by aligning the white mark on the
Gimbal.
4. Rotate the Gimbal Lock back into the locked position.

1

Gimbal Cover

3 Gimbal Lock Mounting Place

Gimbal Connector

2

Locked
Ensure the Micro-SD card is correctly inserted into the camera.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Product Profile

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 7
INSPIRE 1 User Manual Attaching Propellers

Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin
counter-clockwise to secure. Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without
a black dot and spin clockwise to secure.

Product Profile

Place all propellers onto the correct motor and tighten by hand to ensure security
before flight.

Preparing Remote Controller

Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust the antenna as
shown.

   1. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder to release the
         clamp, adjust it to fit then attach
         your mobile device.

   2. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable.

   3. Plug one end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into
         the USB port on the back of
         the remote controller.

8 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Aircraft Diagram

[6]
[11]
[1]
[7] [8]

   . [1] GPS

   . [2] Propeller (P17)

Remote Controller Diagram

[9] [8]
[7]
[1] [2]
[3] [4] [5] [6]
[1] Antennas (P29)

Relays aircraft control and video signal.

[2] Mobile Device Holder

Mounting place for your mobile device.

[3] Control Stick

Controls aircraft orientation.

[4] Return Home (RTH) Button (P13)

Press and hold the button to initiate Return to Home (RTH).

[5] Transformation Switch (P27)

Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower the landing gear.
[2]

[3] [3]
Motor

[4]

   [4] [5]

[9]

[10] [8]

[12]
[13]

Aircraft Micro-USB Port
   . [9] Rear LED (P12)

   . [10] Camera Micro-USB Port

   . [11] Camera Micro-SD Card Slot (P35)

   . [12] Vision Positioning Sensors (P16)

   . [13] Aircraft Status Indicator (P13)

Front LED (P12) [5] Landing gear
INSPIRE 1
User Manual
Product Profile

   . [6] Gimbal and Camera (P37)
   . [7] Intelligent Flight Battery (P18)

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 9

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

[6] Battery Level LEDs

Displays the current battery level.

[7] Status LED

Displays the power status.

[10] Camera Settings Dial

Turn the dial to adjust camera settings. Only functions when the remote controller
is connected to a mobile device running the DJI Pilot app.

[11] Playback Button

Playback the captured images or videos.

[12] Shutter Button

Press to take a photo. If in burst mode, the set number of photos will be taken
with one press.

   . [13] Flight Mode Switch

         Used to switch between P, A and F mode.

   . [14] Video Recording Button

         Press to start recording video. Press again to stop recording.

   . [15] Gimbal Dial

         Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.
   . [16] Micro-USB Port

         For connecting the remote controller to your computer.

   . [17] Mini-HDMI Port

         Connect an HD compatible monitor to this port to get a live HD video
         preview of what the camera sees.

             [20]

[23] [21]
[22]
[18] CAN Bus Port

Reserved for future use.

[19] USB Port
10 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
[8] Power Button

Used to power on or power off the remote controller.

[9] RTH LED

Circular LED around the RTH button displays RTH status.

[16] [17] [18] [19]
[15] [10]
[14] [13]
[11] [12]

Product Profile
Connect to mobile device to access all of the DJI Pilot app controls and features.

[20] GPS Module

Used to pinpoint the location of the remote controller.
[21] Back Left Button

Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.

[22] Power Port

Connect to a power source to charge the remote controller's internal battery.

[23] Back Right Button

Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
Aircraft

This chapter describes the features of the Flight Controller, Vision
Positioning System and the Intelligent Flight Battery.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 11
Aircraft

Flight Controller

The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on DJI flight controller with several
enhancements such as new flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are
available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic Home Point. These features
ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight recorder
stores crucial flight data for each flight.

Flight Mode

Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the
section below:
P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are
three different states of P mode, which will be automatically selected by the
Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision Positioning sensors:

P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using
GPS for positioning. P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal
is not. Aircraft is using only Vision Positioning for hovering
P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its
barometer for positioning, so only altitude is controlled.

A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for
holding position. The aircraft only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is
still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically return home if the
Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded
successfully. F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is
activated in this mode. For more information about IOC, refer to the IOC in
Appendix.

Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft,
refer to the "Flight Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

Flight Status Indicator

The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status
Indicator. The positions of these LEDs are shown in the figure below:

Aircraft Status Indicator
Front LED Rear LED

The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED
displays solid red and the Rear LED displays solid green.
Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to
the table below for more information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:

12 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Aircraft
Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively
Aircraft warming up
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Aircraft Status Indicator Description

Normal
                Red,GreenandYellowFlash

Alternatively
Green Flashes Slowly
Yellow Flashes Slowly Fast Yellow Flashing
Fast Red Flashing -- Solid Red
Return to Home (RTH)

Power on and self-check
Safe to Fly (P mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)
Safe to Fly (A mode but No GPS and Vision Positioning) Remote Controller
Signal Lost
Critical Low Battery Warning Critical Error

X2 Green Flashes Twice
Safe to Fly (P mode with Vision Positioning but without GPS)
Warning
Slow Red Flashing
Low Battery Warning
Red Flashing Alternatively
IMU Error

Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively
Compass Calibration Required

The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home
Point. There are three cases that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH,
Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

Home Point
Smart RTH
The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the GPS
signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through the GPS icon (

  ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point setting, the Home Point will be
updated to your current position as you move around and when the Aircraft Status
Indicator blinks green.
GPS
Description
Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for
more information) or the RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available
to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the latest recorded Home Point, you
may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart RTH.
Press the Smart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button
again to exit Smart RTH and regain the control.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 13

Aircraft

Battery Level Warning

Remark

Aircraft Status Indicator

DJI Pilot app

Flight Instructions

Low battery level warning

The battery power is low. Please land the aircraft.

Aircraft status indicator blinks RED slowly.

Tap "Go-home" to have
the aircraft return to the Home point and land automatically, or "Cancel" to
resume normal flight. If no action is taken, the aircraft will automatically go home
and land after 10 seconds. Remote controller will sound an alarm.

Fly the aircraft back and land it as soon as possible, then stop the motors and
replace the battery.

Critical Low battery level warning

The aircraft must land immediately.

Aircraft status indicator blinks RED quickly.
The DJI Pilot app screen will flash red and aircraft starts to descend. Remote
controller will sound an alarm.

The aircraft
will begin to descend and land automatically.

Estimated remaining flight time

Estimated remaining flight based on current battery level.

N/A

N/A

N/A

INSPIRE 1 User Manual Low Battery RTH

The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery
is depleted to a point that may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are
advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately when these warnings are
shown. DJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Home Point
when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the
Home Point if no action is taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the
RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The thresholds for these warnings are
automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its distance
from the Home Point.

Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the
aircraft to land to the ground from the current altitude. User can use the remote
controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described
below

Critical Low battery level warning(Red)

Low battery level warning

Power requires to return home

Sufficient battery level(Green)
Remaining flight time

Battery level indicator
14 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Aircraft
When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to
land automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and
navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.
Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining
flight time and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current
status.

Failsafe RTH

Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including
video relay signal) is lost for more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has
been successfully recorded and compass is working normally. Return home
process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if
a remote controller signal is resumed.

Failsafe Illustration

1 Record Home Point (HP)

Blinking Green

4 Signal Lost Lasts 3secs.

Fast Blinking Yellow

2 Confirm Home Point

<8m

Blinking Green

5 Go Home(20m can be set)

Height over HP>20m Elevate to 20m
                          20m

Height over HP<=20m

Fast Blinking Yellow

3 Remote Controller Signal Lost

Fast Blinking Yellow

6 Landing after Hovering 15secs

Fast Blinking Yellow
Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is
important to set an reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI
Pilot app and enter "Camera" view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe
altitude.
Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you
move the throttle stick during the Failsafe.

Dynamic Home Point

Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a
Home Point that is different from the takeoff point. GPS module is located at the
position shown in the figure below:

GPS

Ensure the space above the GPS module is not obstructed when using Dynamic
Home Point.

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Aircraft

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 15
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.

Setting Up Dynamic Home Point

Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:

1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the
"Camera" page.

2. Tap" "and select" ", to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new
Home Point.

3.Tap" "andselect" ",toresettheaircraft'scoordinatesasthenewHomePoint. 4. The
aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set succesfully.

Vision Positioning System

DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data
to help the aircraft identify its current position. With the help of Vision
Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more precisely and fly indoors or in
other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main components
of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including
[1]two sonar sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

Aircraft

Using Vision Positioning

[1]

Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on.
No manual action is required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor
environment where no GPS is available. By using the sensors on the Vision
Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when no GPS
is available.

16 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

[2]
INSPIRE 1

User Manual

Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:

1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shown the figure to the right:
2. Place the Inspire 1 on a flat surface. Notice that the Vision Positioning system

cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variations.
3. Power on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicator will flash twice in green
light, which indicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Gently push the
throttle up

to lift off, and the Inspire 1 will hover in place.

The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positioning System is subject to the
surface you are flying over. The ultrasonic waves may not be able to accurately
measure the distance over sound absorbing materials, and the camera may not
function correctly in suboptimal environments. The aircraft will switch from "P"
mode to "A" mode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning System are
not available. So operate the aircraft cautiously when in any of the following
situations:

Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure
green). Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
Flying at high speeds(over 8m/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).
Flying over water or transparent surfaces.

Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
Flying over extremely dark (lux < 10) or bright (lux > 10,000) surfaces.
Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with
same design). Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away
from the aircraft.
In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8
seconds and then auto-land if it is in "P" mode.

Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the
effectiveness of the sensors.
The effective hovering altitudes of the aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.
Vision Positioning system may not function properly when the aircraft is flying
over water. Vision Positioning system may not be able to recognize pattern on the
ground in low light conditions (less than 100lux).
Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision
Positioning system is in operation.
Vision Positioning system may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying
close to the ground (below 0.5 meters) in fast speed.
Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is
activated. The sonar sensor emits high frequency sound that is only audible to
some animals.

Flight Recorder

Flight data is automatically recorded to the SD card. This includes flight duration,
orientation, distance, aircraft status information, speed, and other parameters.

Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

Use only DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on
the propeller indicates the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should
be attached. To attach the propellers properly, match the nut with the dots on the
motors of your Inspire 1:

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 17
Aircraft
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Propellers

Figure

Attach On Legends

Grey cap(1345) Black cap(1345R)

Motors without a black dot Motors with a black dot

Lock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten

Unlock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove

Attaching the Propellers

1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin
the propellers clockwise to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with a
black nut onto a motor with a black dot and spin the propellers counter clockwise
to secure its position. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by hand before
flight.

Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft
cannot take off. Handling the propellers with care.
Manually tightent each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it
is attached firmly.

Detaching the Propellers

Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unlock direction indicated on
the propeller itself.

Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before
every flight. Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight.
DO NOT use old, chipped, or broken propellers.
Toavoidinjury,STAND
CLEARofandDONOTtouchpropellersormotorswhentheyarespinning. ONLY use
original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

DJI Intelligent Flight Battery
The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V,
and smart charge- discharge functionality. It can only be charged with an
appropriate DJI approved charger.

Intelligent Flight Battery Charger

Aircraft

18 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

INSPIRE 1 User Manual Battery must be fully charged before using it for the
first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

Flight Battery" P21 for more information .

DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Functions

1. Battery Level Display: LEDs display the current battery level.
2. Battery Life Display: LEDs display the current battery power cycle.
3. Auto-discharging Function: The battery automatically discharges to below 65%
of total power when it

is idle (press the power button to check battery level will cause battery to exit idle
state) for more than 10 days to prevent swelling. It takes around 2 days to
discharge the battery to 65%.It is normal to feel moderate heat emitting from the
battery during the discharge process. Discharge thresholds can be set in the DJI
Pilot app.

   4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery
         cell when charging.

   5. Over charge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is
         fully charged.

   6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the
         temperature is between 0 °C(32°F) and
         40°C (104°F).
   7. Over Current Protection: Battery stops charging when high amperage
         (more than 10A) is detected.

   8. Over Discharge Protection: Discharging automatically stops when the
         battery voltage reaches 18V to
         prevent over-discharge damage

9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short
circuit is detected.
10. Battery Cell Damages Protection: DJI Pilot app shows warning message when
damaged battery cell
is detected.
11. Battery Information History: Show the last 32 entries of battery information
records that include warning
messages and so on.
12. Sleep Mode: Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save
power.
13. Communication: Battery voltage, capacity, current, and other relevant
information is provided to the
aircraft's to the main controller.
Refer to Disclaimer and Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelins before use.
Users take full responsibility for all operations and usage.

Using the Battery

LED4 LED2
LED3 LED1
Power Button (Bulit-in LED)

Powering ON/OFF
Powering On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2
seconds to power on. The Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level
Indicators will display the current battery level.
Powering Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2
seconds to power off.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 19

Aircraft

Battery Level

LED1
LED2
LED3
LED4
Battery Level

75%~87.5% 50%~62.5% 25%~37.5% 0%~12.5%
INSPIRE 1 User Manual Low Temperature Notice:

1. The performance of the intelligent Flight Battery is significantly reduced when
flying in a low temperature environments (those with air temperatures below
5°C). Ensure that the battery is fully charged and the cell voltage is at 4.43 V
before each flight.

   2. Using the Intelligent Flight Battery in extremely low temperature
         environments (those with air temperatures below -10°C) is not
         recommended. When flying in environments with temperatures between
         5°C and -10°C, the Intelligent Flight Battery should be able to achieve
         the appropriate voltage levels (above 4.2 V), but it is recommended that
         you apply the included insulation sticker to the battery in order to prevent
         a rapid drop in temperatures.

   3. If the DJI Pilot app displays the "Critical Low Battery Level Warning"
         when flying in low temperature environments, stop flying and land the
         aircraft immediately. You will still be able to control the aircraft's
         movement when this warning is triggered.

   4. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery in a room temperature environment
         and ensure that its temperature exceeds 5°C before using it in the low
         temperature environment.

   5. When using the Inspire 1 in a low temperature environment, begin by
         allowing the aircraft to hover at a low altitude, for approximately one
         minute, to heat the battery.

   6. To ensure optimum performance, keep the Intelligent Flight Battery's
         core temperature above 20°C when in use.
         In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and
         allow the aircraft to warm up for approximately 1-2 minutes before taking
         off.
Checking the battery level
The Battery Level Indicators display how much remaining power the battery has.
When the battery is powered off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level
Indicators will light up to display the current battery level. See below for details.
The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during
charging and discharging. The indicators are defined below.

: LED is on.
: LED is off.
: LED is flashing.

87.5%~100%
62.5%~75% 37.5%~50% 12.5%~25% =0%

20 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Aircraft
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Battery life
The battery life indicates how many more times the battery can be discharged and
recharged before it must be replaced. When the battery is powered off, press and
hold the Power Button for 5 seconds to check the battery life. The Battery Level
Indicators will light up and/or blink as described below for 2 seconds:
Battery Life

LED1
LED2
LED3
LED4
Battery Life

90%~100%
80%~90%
70%~80%
60%~70%
50%~60%
40%~50%
30%~40%
20%~30%
below 20%

When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
For more information about the battery, launch DJI Pilot app and check the
information under the battery tab.
Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery
1. Connect Battery Charger to a power source (100-240V 50/60Hz).

   2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the
         Battery Charger. If the battery
         level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.

   3. The Battery Level Indicator will display the current battery level during
         charging.

   4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when Battery Level
         Indicators are all off.

   5. Air cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its
         temperature to drop to room temperature
         before storing it for an extended period.
         Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with
         standard charger (model: A14-100P1A) at the same time, otherwise the
         charger may overheat.
         Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the
         Inspire 1. Never insert or remove a battery when it is powered on.

             Power Outlet

Intelligent Flight Battery
Charger
© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 21

Aircraft

Battery Level Indicators while Charging

LED1
LED2
LED3
LED4
Battery Level
0%~25%

25%~50% 50%~75%

75%~100%

Battery Level Indicators while Charging

LED1
LED2
LED3
LED4
Blinking Pattern
LED2 blinks twice per second

LED2 blinks three times per second LED3 blinks twice per second
LED3 blinks three times per second
Battery Protection Item
Over current detected
Short circuit detected Over charge detected

Over-voltage charger detected

LED4 blinks twice per second

LED4 blinks three times per second
Charging temperature is too high (>40°C)

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Fully Charged The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and
corresponding LED patterns.

Charging Protection LED Display
Charging temperature is too low (<0°C)

After any of the above mentioned protection issues are resolved, press the button
to turn off the Battery Level Indicator. Unplug the Intelligent Flight Battery from
the charger and plug it back in to resume charging. Note that you do not need to
unplug and plug the charger in the event of a room temperature error, the charger
will resume charging when the temperature falls within the normal range.

DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:

To effectively calibrate the battery capacity, it is recommended to charge and
discharge the battery thoroughly for every 10 charge-and-discharge cycle. User
should install the battery onto the aircraft and then power on the aircraft to initiate
the discharge process, discharge the battery until the aircraft is powered off
automatically. User should then fully charge the battery to ensure the battery is
working at its optimal.

Slow: Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Inspire 1's Battery
Compartment and power it on. Leave it on until there is less than 5% of power
left, or until the battery can no longer be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to
check battery level.

Rapid: Fly the Inspire 1 outdoors until there is less than 5% of power left, or until
the battery can no longer be turned on.

22 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Aircraft
Remote Controllers

This chapter describes the features of the remote controller that includes
aircraft and remote controller operations and dual remote controller mode.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 23
INSPIRE 1 User Manual Remote Controller

Remote Controller Profile

The Inspire 1 Remote Controller is a multi-function wireless communication
device that integrates the video downlink ground system and aircraft Remote
Controller system. The video downlink and aircraft Remote Controller system
operate at 2.4 GHz with maximum transmission distance of 2km. The remote
controller features a number of camera functions, such as taking and previewing
photos and video, and controlling gimbal motions. The remote controller is
powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The current battery level is displayed by
LEDs on the front panel of the remote control.

Compliance Version: The Remote Controller is compliant with both CE and
FCC regulations. Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 , Mode 2.
Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.
Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.

Do not operate more than 3 aircrafts within in the same area (size equivalent to a
soccer field) to prevent transmission interference.

Remote Controller Operations Powering On And Off The Remote

Controller

The Inspire 1 remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery with a
capacity of 6000mAh. The battery level is indicated by the Battery Level LEDs
on the front panel. Follow the steps below to power on your remote controller:
1. When powered off, press the Power Button once and the Battery Level LEDs
will display the current

battery level.

   2. Then, press and hold the Power Button to power on the remote controller.

   3. The Remote Controller will beep when it powers on. The Status LED will
         blink green (slave remote
         controller blinks solid purple) rapidly, indicating that the remote
         controller is linking to the aircraft. The
         Status LED will show a solid green light when linking is completed.
   4. Repeat step 2 to power off the remote controller after finish using it.

Remote Controllers
Charging Remote Controller
Charge the remote controller via supplied charger.

24 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Power Button

Controlling Camera

Shoot videos or images and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera
Settings Dial, Playback Button and Video Recording Button on the remote
control.

[1] Camera Settings Dial
[1] [4] [2]

[3]

Turn the dial to quickly adjust camera settings such as ISO and shutter speed
without letting go of the remote controller. Move the dial button to left or right to
view the pictures or videos in playback mode.

[2] Playback Button

Press to view images or videos that have already been captured.

[3] Shutter Button

Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken
with a single press.

[4] Recoding Button

Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

Controlling Aircraft

This section explains how to use the various features of the remote controller. The
Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default.

Charger

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 25
Power Outlet

Remote Controllers
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the
central position.

Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

Remote Controllers

26

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Remote Controller (Mode 2)

Aircraft
( indicates nose direction)

Remarks

Moving the left stick up and down changes the aircraft's elevation.
Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend. Push the throttle stick up to
takeoff.

When both sticks are centered, the Inspire 1 will hover in place.
The more the stick is pushed away from the center position, the faster the Inspire
1 will change elevation. Always push the stick gently to prevent sudden and
unexpected elevation changes.

Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the rudder and rotation of the
aircraft.
Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter clock-wise, and push the stick right
to rotate the aircraft clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Inspire 1 will stay
facing its current direction.

The more the stick is pushed away from the center position, the faster the Inspire
1 will rotate.

Moving the right stick up and down changes the aircraft's forward and backward
pitch.

Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the
stick is centered.
                ) and

faster flight.

Moving the right stick control left and right changes the aircraft's left and right
pitch.
Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the
stick is centered.

                ) and

faster flight.

Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the camera will shift to point
upwards. Turn the
dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point downwards. The camera will
remain in its current position when dial is static.
Flight Mode Switch

Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.
You may choose between; P mode, F mode and A
mode. F

Figure Flight Mode

F Fmode A Amode P Pmode

AP

P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are
three different states of P mode, which will be automatically selected by the
Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision Positioning sensors:

P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using
GPS for positioning. P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal
is not. Aircraft is using only Vision Positioning for hovering
P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its
barometer for positioning, so only altitude is controlled.

A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for
holding position. The aircraft only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is
still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically return home if the
Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded
successfully.
F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this
mode. For more information about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default. To unlock the switch,
launch the DJI Pilot app, enter the "Camera" page, tap "MODE", and then
activate "Multiple Flight Mode" .

Transformation Switch / RTH Button

The Transformation Switch / RTH Button combination serves two functions.
Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower the landing gear. Or, press the
button to activate the Return to Home (RTH) procedure. Transformation Switch

This switch has two positions. The effect of toggling the switch to any of these
positions is defined below:
Lower Raise

1. Raise: Raise the landing gear to its upper most position.
INSPIRE 1
User Manual
Remote Controllers

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 27
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
2. Lower: The landing gear will lower to its lowest position for landing.

Do not raise the landing gear when the aircraft is on the ground. Ensure the
landing gear is lowered before landing.

RTH button

Press and hold this button to start the Return to Home (RTH) procedure. The
LED around the RTH Button will blink white to indicate the aircraft is entering
RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the last recorded Home Point. Press
this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain the control of the
aircraft.

Remote Controllers

Connecting Mobile Device

Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side
of the Mobile Device Holder to release the clamp, and then place your mobile
device into the clamp. Adjust the clamp to secure your mobile device. Then
connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable. Plug one
end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on
the back of the remote controller.

28 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Optimal Transmission Range

The signal transmission between aircraft and remote controller perform best
within the range that displayed in the picture shown below:

Optimal Transmission Range

Strong Weak

Ensure the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission range. Adjust the
distance and position between the operator and the aircraft to achieve optimal
transmission performance.

Dual Remote Controllers Mode
More than one remote controller can connect to the same aircraft in Dual Remote
Controller mode. In Dual Controllers mode, the "Master" remote controller
operator controls the orientation of the aircraft, while the "Slave" remote
controller controls the movement of the gimbal and camera operation. When
multiple "slave" remote controllers (max of 6) are connect to the aircraft, only the
first connected "slave" remote controller is able to control the gimbal, the
remaining "slave" remote controller can view the live feed video from the aircraft
and set the camera parameters, but they cannot control the gimbal.

Maste Remote Slave Remote Controller Controller

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Remote Controllers

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 29

Master

Slave

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the
camera in the single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan
movement of the camera.

Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode

Dual Remote Controllers mode is disabled by default. Users must enable this
feature on the "Master" remote controller by through the DJI Pilot app. Follow
the steps below for setup:

"Master" Remote Controller:

1. Connect the remote controller to your mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot
app.
2. Go to the Camera page, and tap to enter the remote controller settings
window.
3. Tap "Set RC Status" to enable Master-and-Slave mode.
4. Select "Master" in the "Set RC Status" section to set the remote controller as
"Master" remote controller.

RC Control Settings
Master and Slave Set RC Status
RC Name

Slave RC List
OFF

Connection Password 1234
RC Settings

5. Enter the connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.

"Slave" Remote Controller:

1. Tap "Search for Master Controller" to search the "Master" remote controller.

Slave
RC Control Setting
Master and Slave Set RC Status
RC Name

Master RC List

Request Control Search for Master Controller

30 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Remote Controllers

Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as
"Slave". Meanwhile, the "Slave"remote controller cannot control the orientation
of the aircraft. Reset the remote con- troller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you
wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.
2. Search the "Master" remote controller in the surrounding area in the "Request
Control" section.

RC Control Settings

RC Control Settings

Master and Slave

Set RC Status

OFF

Master and Slave

Master Slave

S88642

Request Control

RC Name

S88642
Set RC Status RC Name

Master RC List

Request Control

RC Settings
OFF Master Slav
RC Settings RC Settings

Search for Master Controller

INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Remote Controllers
RC Control Settings Master and Slave
Set RC Status
OFF Connection Password
Master Slave 1234

T12254

RC NameT12254 T12254 Master RC List

Slave RC List

Remote Controller Status LED
Search for Master Controller

3. Select the "Master" remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the
connection password to
connect to the desired "Master" remote controller.
Master RC List
The Status LED reflects connection status between Remote Controller and
aircraft. The RTH LED shows the Return to Home status of the aircraft. The table
below contains details on these indicators.

Status LED

RTH LED

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 31
INSPIRE 1 User Manual Status LED
-- Solid Red -- Solid Green -- Solid Purple -- Solid Blue
Slow Blinking Red
/
Red and Green/ Red and Yellow Alternate Blinks
RTH LED
-- Solid White
Blinking White Blinking White
Alarm chime
chime D-D-
D-D- chime D-D-D......
None
Sound chime
D . . . DD .. .. ..
Remote Controller Status
The remote controller set as "Master" but it is not connected with the aircraft.
The remote controller set as "Master" and it is connected with the aircraft.
The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not connected with the aircraft.
The remote controller set as "Slave" and it is connected with the aircraft.
Remote controller error.
HD Downlink is disrupted.
Remote Controller Status.
Aircraft is returning home.
Sending Return to Home command to the aircraft. Aircraft Return to Home in
progress.

Remote Controllers

The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level
is critically low.

Linking the Remote Controller

The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only
required when using a new remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps
to link a new remote controller:

1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch DJI
Pilot app.
2. Power on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller"
button as shown below.

32 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Remote Control Calibration

Stick Mode

RC Control Setting

Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled. Do not change unless familiar with
your new mode.

C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw C2 Reset gimbal yaw

You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back of the remote controller.

Linking Remote Controller
INSPIRE 1 User Manual 4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote
Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and "beep"

sound is emitted.

Stick Mode

RC Control Setting

Remote Control Calibration

Searching for aircraft frequency,
Default stick mode is Mode 2, changingtismtiecokumt oind5e4s saeltceorsndthse way the aircraft is controlled.

Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw C2 Reset gimbal yaw

Press the linking button on the aircraft to link this remote controller

Remote Controllers

Cancel

You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back of the remote controller.

Linking Remote Controller

5. Locate the Linking button on the front of the aircraft, as shown in the figure
shown below. Press the Linking button to start linking. The Remote Controller
Status Indicator will display solid green if Link is succeed.

Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as
"Slave". Meanwhile, the "Slave"remote controller cannot control the orientation
of the aircraft. Reset the remote controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you
wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft. Remote controller will
disconnect from the linked aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to the
same aircraft.

Remote Controller Compliance Version

The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.

C2

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 33
Gimbal and Camera

This chapter provides the technical specifications of the camera and
explains the working mode of the gimbal.

Camera and Gimbal

Camera Profile

The on-board camera supports 4K video capture up to 4096x2160p24 and 12M
pixel photos capture by using the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor. You may export the
video in either MOV or MP4 format for editing. Available picture shooting
modes include burst, continuous, and timer mode. A live preview of what the
camera is seeing before you shoot videos and pictures is supported through the
DJI Pilot App.

Camera Micro-SD Card Slot

To store your photos and videos, plug in the micro-SD card into the slot shown
below before powering on the Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-
SD card and supports up to a 64GB micro-SD card. A UHS-1 type micro-SD card
is recommended, because the fast read and write capability of these cards enables
you to store high-resolution video data.

Gimbal and Camera

Do not remove micro-SD card from the Inspire 1 when it is powered on.

Camera Data Port

Power on the Inspire 1 and then connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to
download photos or videos from the camera to your computer.

Power on the aircraft before attempting to download the files.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 35
INSPIRE 1 User Manual Camera Operation

Use the Shutter and Record button on the remote controller to shoot the images or
the videos through the DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use
these buttons, refer to "Controlling Camera" P25.

ND Filter

Attach an ND filter to the front of the camera to reduce over-exposure and "jello"
effect.

Gimbal Gimbal Profile

The 3-axis Gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing
you to capture stabilized images and video. The Gimbal can tilt the camera up to
120 degrees and rotate 360 degrees.

+30° 0°

-90°

+330° -330°

Gimbal and Camera

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control pitch movement of the
camera by default. Note that you cannot control the pan motion of the camera by
default. Enable the "Master-and-Slave"mode and set the remote controller to
"Slave" state if you wish to control both the pan and pitch movement of the
camera.

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the
camera in the single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan
movement of the camera.

Pan Control
Follow the instructions below to use the gimbal dial to control the pan movement of the gimbal:

1. Power on the aircraft and remote control, launch DJI Pilot app and enter
"Camera" page.
2. Tap "RC Control Settings" icon and select either C1 or C2 customizable button
as the gimbal pitch/
yaw switching button.
3. Select "Gimbal Pitch/Yaw" from the dropdown list.

36 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Using DJI Pilot App to Control Gimbal

Follow the steps below to use DJI Pilot app to control the gimbal orientation:
1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Tap and press on the screen until a blue circle is shown.
3. Slide to control the gimbal orientation within the "Camera" page as shown
below.

MODE P-GPS

OFF

Safe to Fly (GPS)

2H: M V.S
D: 39M H.S
1.2M

0 200m

8.3 M/S

24.2 M/S

RC Control Setting

Remote Control Calibration

Stick Mode

Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled. Do not change unless familiar with
your new mode.

C1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw C2 Reset gimbal yaw

You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back of the remote controller.

Linking Remote Controller

Press C1 or C2 button to switch from pitch mode to yaw mode. You may use the
gimbal dial to pan the gimbal under yaw mode. Press C1 or C2 again to exit yaw
mode.

ISO 100
1/320
© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 37

INSPIRE 1 User Manual Gimbal Operation Modes

Three Gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different
operation modes on the Camera page of the DJI Pilot App. Note that your mobile
device must be connected to the remote controller for changes to take effect.
Refer to the table below for details:

Pitch

Follow Mode FPV Mode

Free Mode Re-alignment

Pan

The angle between Gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains constant at
all times. One user alone can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second
user is required to control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

The Gimbal will lock to the movements of the aircraft to provide a First- Person-
View flying experience.

The Gimbal's motion is independent of the aircraft's orientation. One user alone
can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second user is required to
control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

Tap to force the Gimbal orientation to re-align with aircraft's orientation by
panning from gimbal's current orientation. Pitch angle will remain unchanged
during the re-alignment.

Gimbal and Camera

Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven
ground. (2) Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision.
Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.
Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary
failure. The gimbal will recover when it dries out.
38 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

DJI Pilot App

This chapter describes the four main GUI of the DJI Pilot app.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 39

United States

Mountian View

Shot with DJI INSPIRE 1

CAMERA MAP ACADEMY USER CENTER

MODE P-GPS
CL Safe to Fly (GPS)

ISO 100
1/320 EV 0
4821 00:22:16
JPEG 4K 30

H: 2M

V.S

8.3 M/S
D: 39M

H.S

24.2 M/S 1.2M

0 200m

DJI Pilot App

The DJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use
this app to control the gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system.
The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center, for configuring your aircraft
and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet for
the best experience.

Camera

The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You
can also configure various camera parameters from the Camera page.

DJI Pilot App
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
[1] Flight Mode

: The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.
Tap to enter MC (Main Controller) settings. Modify flight limits, perform
compass calibration, and set the gain values on this screen.

[2] GPS Signal Strength

: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicates
adequate GPS strength.

[3] IOC Settings

: This icon shows which IOC setting that the aircraft has entered when in F Mode.
Tap to enter IOC setting menu and select Course Lock, Home Lock or Point of
Interest Lock.

[4] System Status

: This icon shows current aircraft system status, such as GPS signal health.

[5] Battery Level Indicator

: The battery level indicator dynamically displays the battery level. The color
zones on the battery level indicator represent different battery levels.

[6] Remote Controller Signal

: This icon shows the strength of remote controller signal.

[7] HD Video Link Signal Strength

: This icon shows the HD video downlink signal strength between the aircraft and the remote

controller.

[8] Battery Level

: This icon shows the current Intelligent Flight Battery level.

Tap to enter battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds
and view the battery warning history in this page.
[9] General Settings

: Tap this icon to enter General Settings page. Select parameter units, reset the
camera, enable the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value and toggle
flight route display on this page.
[10] Camera Operation Bar Exposure Lock
: Tap to enable or disable the camera exposure lock.
Function
: Tap to adjust camera settings, such as video format and digtial filters.
Shutter
: Tap this button to take a single photo.

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 41

DJI Pilot App
0 200m

INSPIRE 1 User Manual Record

: Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also
press the Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same
function.

Playback

: Tap to enter playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they
are captured.
Camera Settings and Shooting Mode

: Tap to enter the Camera Settings page and switch from camera shooting mode
from manual to auto.

[11] Map

Display the flight path of the current mission. Tap to switch from the Camera
GUI to the Map GUI.

[12] Vision Positioning

: This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning
System's sensors.

[13] Flight Telemetry

Vision Positioning Status

Icon is highlighted when Vision Positioning is in operation.

Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.

(1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.
(2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
(3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll
angle.

[14] Home Point Settings

: Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the
aircraft take-off location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's
current position as the Home Point.

[15] Return to Home (RTH)

: Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home
point.
DJI Pilot App
INSPIRE 1
User Manual

[16] Gimbal Operation Mode

Refer to "Gimbal Operation Mode" P38 for more information.

[17] Auto Takeoff/Landing

/ : Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

[18] Back

: Tap to return to the main GUI.

Map

User can view the current flight route in a larger map view in this page. You can
also perform Auto take- off and Landing in the page. Ensure your mobile device
has access to the Internet. Due to the map data required, Wi-Fi connection is
recommended. Internet access is required to cache the map, if Wi-Fi is
unavailable, mobile data service is required.

Academy

Download user manual, view online videos. Also you can use the flight simulator
to practice your flight skills.

User Center

You can sync the picture and videos to the mobile device, view the flight records
and check your DJI account status in the User Center. Use the DJI registered
account to login to the User Center.
Flight

This chapter describes the flight safety and flight restrictions.

44 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight
simulator to learn how to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a
suitable location.

Flight Environment Requirements

   1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind
         speed exceeding 10m/s , snow, rain and smog.

   2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the
         accuracy of the on-board compass and GPS signal.

   3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies
         of water.

   4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high
         levels of electromagnetism,
         including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.

5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air
density and temperature.

Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as
battery and aircraft

performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.
Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits
are described in the following section.
All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations
from such organizations as the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization),
FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight
limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No
Fly Zones.
When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work
together to manage flight. In A mode only height limits work and flights cannot
go higher than 120 meters.
Max Height & Radius Limits
Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change
these settings in the DJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a
restricted cylinder that is determined by these settings. The tables below show the
details of these limits.

Max Height
Max Radius Home Point
Height of aircraft when powered on

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 45

Flight
GPS Signal Strong Blinking Green
Max Height
Flight altitude must be under the set height.
Warning: Height limit reached.
None.

GPS Signal Weak
Blinking Yellow

Flight Limits
DJI Pilot App

Max Height
Flight height restricted to 120m and under.
Warning: Height limit reached.
None.

No limits

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Max Radius
Flight Limits
Flight distance must be within the max radius.

DJI Pilot App

Warning: Distance limit reached.

Aircraft Status Indicator

Rapid red flashing when close to the

max radius limit.

Aircraft Status Indicator

Max Radius

If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it
further.
If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it
will fly back within range automatically.

Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas

Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the
DJI official website at http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc. Restricted areas
are divided into category A and category B. Category A areas cover major
international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas includes
smaller airports.

Category A Safety Zone

   . (1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone"
         and a range of "restricted- altitude zones". Flight is prevented in the "no-
         fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the restricted-
         altitude zone.
   . (2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone,
         inside which takeoff is prevented.

   . (3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are
         altitude restricted, with maximum
         altitude going from 35 feet (10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120
         m) at 5 miles (8 km).

   . (4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly
         within 320 feet (100m) of the
         safety zone, a warning message will appear on the DJI Pilot App.

Category B Safety Zone

(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning
zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within
0.6 miles (1Km) of this

zone, a warning will appear on the DJI Pilot App.
Flight
GPS Signal Strong Blinking Green

Zone

Restriction

DJI Pilot App Prompt

Aircraft Status Indicator

No-fly Zone

Motors will not start.
Warning: You are in a No-fly zone. Take off prohibited.

Red flashing

If the aircraft enters the restricted area in A mode but P mode activates the aircraft
will automatically descend to land then stop its motors after landing.
Warning: You are in a No-fly zone, automatic landing has begun. (If you are
within 1.5 mile radius)
Restricted- altitude flight zone

If the aircraft enters the restricted area in A mode but P mode activates, it will
descend to a safe altitude and hover 15 feet below the safe altitude.
Warning: You are in a restricted zone. Descending to safe altitude. (If you are
between the range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile radius)
Warning: You are in a restricted zone. Max flight height restricted to between
10.5m and 120m. Fly Cautiously.
Warning zone

No flight restriction applies, but there will be warning message.
Warning: You are approaching a restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.
Free zone

No restrictions.
None.
None.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle
stick command during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop
automatically after landing.

When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and
continue for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue
for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.
For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations,
railway lines, city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is
visible.

48 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Flight

Preflight Checklist
1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged. 2.
Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.

5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal. 6. DJI Pilot app connected to
the aircraft.

Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location.
The compass is very sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause
abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even failure.
Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic
interference, such as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements
underground.
DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys
or cellular phones.
DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.
1. Ensure the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass in the
Checklist, or if you

have changed your position since last calibrating it, tap "MODE" in the app and
select "Compass

Calibration" to calibrate the compass. Then follow the on-screen instructions.
2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status
Indicator will display a

solid green light.

INSPIRE 1

User Manual

Flight

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 49

INSPIRE 1 User Manual
3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it
360 degrees around the center
axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

Flight

If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move
your aircraft to a different location to carry out compass calibration.

Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch DJI Pilot App, follow the on-
screen instruction to calibrate the compass.

When to Recalibrate

1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking
red and yellow.
2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last
flight.
3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed
mounting position of the

compass.
4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight
lines.

Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

Auto Take-off
Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status
Indicator displays blinking green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:
1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.
4. Tap" ", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.
5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.

50 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Auto-Landing
Use auto-landing to land your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status
Indicator displays blinking green. Follow the steps below to use auto-landing:
1. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
2. Check the landing area condition before tapping " ", to perform landing.
3. Aircraft lowers the landing gear and proceed to land automatically.

Starting/Stopping the Motors Starting Motors

The Combination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to start the motors
instead of simply push- ing the stick up. Ensure that you perform the CSC in one
motion.

OR

Stopping Motors

There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When the Inspire 1 has landed, push the throttle down
immediately. Release both sticks once motors stop.
Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. The
motors will stop after 3 seconds.

OR

Do not perform CSC when aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stopped.

Flight Test

Take off/Landing Procedures

1. Place the aircraft on open, flat ground with battery indicators facing towards
you.
2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device, then the Intelligent
Flight Battery.
3. Launch the DJI Pilot App and enter the Camera page.
4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicator blinks green. This means the Home Point is
recorded and it is safe to fly

now. If it flashes yellow, it means Home Point is not recorded, and you should
not take off.
5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or using Auto Take-off to take off.
6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pilot app.
7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly
to descend.
8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest
position for 3 seconds or

more until the motors stop.
9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, followed by the Remote Controller.

, then conduct CSC

. Motors will stop
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Flight

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 51

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft
has entered Failsafe mode.
A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking
red slowly or rapidly during flight.

Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.

Video Suggestions and Tips

1. Work through the checklist before each flight.
2. Select desired gimbal working mode in the DJI Pilot app.
3. Aim to shoot when flying in P mode only.
4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include photo format and exposure
compensation. 6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.

Flight
52 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

FAQ

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 53

Troubleshooting (FAQ)

1. How can I put a GoPro camera on the Inspire 1?

The Inspire 1 does not currently support GoPro attachments. The gimbal is
designed to hold DJI cameras only.

2. When will ground station functionality be available?

The Inspire 1 does not currently support ground station. Ground station will be
available with future firmware updates.
3. Is the camera's exposure automatic?

The exposure can be set to Auto, for automatic changes, or Manual, if you wish to
use a specific setting.

4. Can I see the size of images through the app?

Yes, you can preview image or video sizes through the DJI Pilot app.

5. How much weight can the Inspire 1 carry without its included camera?

We do not recommend flying with any payload other than the included DJI
gimbal and camera.

6. Do you have an LCD monitor available for the Inspire 1?

No, DJI does not sell LCD or HD monitors for the Inspire 1. However, you can
output the live streaming video to a compatible monitor or mobile device of your
own.

7. How long does it take to charge the battery? Does it comes with a
charger?
Yes, all Inspire 1 units come with standard TB47 charger.
With the standard TB47 100W charger, it takes 85min to fully charge a 4500mAh
battery.

8. Are the two remote controllers the same? Should I setup the remote
controllers in the app or somewhere else to control the camera and
aircraft separately?

The two remote controllers are physically identical. You can set the remote
controllers to either "Master" or "Slave" through the DJI Pilot app if you wish to
use dual controller mode.

9. Where can I find info on the simulation application that plugs into the
trainer port? Can you suggest a simulation program?

There is no trainer port on the remote controller for the Inspire 1.

10. Can the mobile device holder be used on the Phantom 2 series
remote controller?

No, it cannot. The mobile device holder can only be used with the Inspire 1
remote.

11. Does the Inspire 1 have a SD card included?

The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SD card. It supports SD cards up to
64GB.

12. Can I upgrade and buy a second remote controller if I only buy a
single remote controller now?

Yes.

13. How big is the Inspire 1?

Its length x height x width dimensions without the propellers attached are 44 x 30
x 45cm (17.3 x 11.8 x 17.7in).

14. What flight controller does the Inspire 1 use?

The Inspire 1 uses its own new flight controller.
15. Which motors and propellers does the Inspire 1 come with?

The Inspire 1 uses 3510 motors and 1345 propellers.

16. Aircraft frame arm joints appear loosen, is that normal?

The space of the joins shown in the below figure is normal and it will not affect
the performance of aircraft, do not adjust the position of the screws on your own.

17. Failed to complete self-check?

Place the aircraft on the flat surface before powering on. Do not move the aircraft
during the self- check.

INSPIRE 1

User Manual

FAQ

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 55

Appendix

56 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Appendix

Specifications

Model
Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)

Max Tilt Angle
Max Descent Speed
Max Flight Altitude
Max Flight Time
Propeller Model
Operating Temperature Range Dimensions
Model
Operating Current
Mounting
Mechanical Range

T600

Vertical: 0.5 m Horizontal: 2.5 m

35°
4 m/s
4500 m
Approximately 18 minutes
DJI 1345
-10° to 40° C
438x451x301 mm
ZENMUSE X3
Station: 750 mA;Motion: 900 mA Detachable

Pitch: -125° to +45° Pan: ±330°

Aircraft

Weight (Battery Included)

2935 g

Max Angular Velocity

Pitch: 300°/s Yaw: 150°/s

Max Ascent Speed

5 m/s

Max Speed

22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)

Max Wind Speed Resistance

10 m/s

Motor Model

DJI 3510

Indoor Hovering
Enabled by default
Diagonal Distance
559 to 581 mm
Gimbal

Output Power (With Camera)
Static: 9 W;In Motion: 11 W
Angular Vibration Range
±0.03°
Controllable Range
Pitch: -90° to +30° Pan: ±320°
Max Controllable Speed
Pitch: 120°/s Pan: 180°/s
© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 57

Appendix

Camera

Model
FC350
Effective Pixels
12.4M
ISO Range
100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
FOV (Field Of View)
94°
Lens
20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 focus at ) 9 Elements in 9 groups
Anti-distortion
Video Recording Modes
UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30 FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
Supported File Formats
FAT32/exFAT
Photo: JPEG, DNG
Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
Operating Temperature Range
0° to 40° C
Remote Controller

Operating Frequency
922.7MHz~927.7 MHz (Japan Only) 5.725~5.825 GHz;2.400~2.483 GHz
EIRP
10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
Power Supply
Built-in battery
Dual User Capability
Host-and-Slave connection

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Name
Total Pixels
Image Max Size Electronic Shutter Speed CMOS
Still Photography Modes

Max Bitrate Of Video Storage

Supported SD Card Types

Name

Transmitting Distance Video Output Port Charging

X3
12.76M
4000x3000
8 s to 1/8000 s Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

Single shoot
Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias
Time-lapse

60 Mbps

Micro SD
Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

C1

2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed) USB, Mini-HDMI
DJI charger

58 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Appendix

Mobile Device Holder Operating Temperature Range

Charging Temperature Range

Model
Rated Power Name Capacity Battery Type Net Weight

Storage Temperature Range

Max Charging Power Name
Capacity
Battery Type
Net Weight
Storage Temperature Range
Tablet or Smart Phone -10° to 40° C
0-40° C
A14-100P1A
100 W
Intelligent Flight Battery
4500 mAh
LiPo 6S High voltage battery
570 g
Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
180 W
Intelligent Flight Battery 5700 mAh
LiPo 6S
670 g
Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

INSPIRE 1
User Manual

Output Power
9W
Storage Temperature Range
Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
Battery
6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Charger
Voltage
26.3 V
Battery (Standard)

Model
TB47
Voltage
22.2 V
Energy
99.9 Wh
Operating Temperature Range
-10° to 40° C
Charging Temperature Range
0° to 40° C
Battery (Optional)

Model
TB48
Voltage
22.8 V
Energy
129.96 Wh
Operating Temperature Range
-10 to 40° C
Charging Temperature Range
0° to 40° C
© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 59

Appendix

Vision Positioning

Altitude Range
5-500 cm
Operating Range
0-250 cm
DJI Pilot App

Supported Mobile Devices

* iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3, iPad Air, iPad
Mini 2, iPad 4;* Samsung Note 3, Samsung S5, Sony Z3 EXPERIA;* Note: It is
recommended that you use a tablet for the best experience
Course Lock (CL)
Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
fixed until you re-record it or exit from CL.
Point of Interest (POI)*
Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POI), the aircraft can circle around
the POI, and the nose always points to the POI.
Modes IOC
GPS enabled
GPS
Flight Distance Limits
Home Lock
Yes
Aircraft 10m Home Point

INSPIRE 1 User Manual Max Charging Power

Velocity Range Operating Environment
Mobile Device System Requirements
180 W
Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground) Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
iOS version 7.1 or later;Android version 4.1.2 or later

Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)

IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are
three working modes for IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the
DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode, and user must toggle the flight
mode switch to "F" mode to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:
Home Lock (HL)*
Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from or
near to the HP.

*Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

Prerequisites of IOC
Use the IOC feature under the following condition: Course Lock No None
POI Yes

Using IOC

Aircraft
None
5m~500m Point of Interest

Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable IOC" in the setting page of the DJI
Pilot app. Toggle the Flight Mode Switch to "F" mode and follow the on-screen
instruction to use IOC feature.

60 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Appendix
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

How to Update Firmware

Follow the steps below to upgrade your Inspire 1's firmware, including the
firmware for the remote controller and battery.
Updating the Aircraft Firmware

Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity

Ensure the Intelligent Flight Battery and Remote Controller have at least 50%
power and there is at least 100MB of free space on the SD card.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

   1. Download the firmware update package from the official DJI website
         (http://www.dji.com/product/ inspire-1).

   2. Insert the SD into your PC. Extract the all downloaded files into the root
         directory of the SD card. Remove the SD card from your PC and insert it
         into the SD card slot on the Inspire 1 camera.

Step 3- Update the Aircraft

1. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller, power on the remote
controller, and launch the DJI Pilot app to obtain information about firmware
update progress. Confirm you wish to update within the app to continue. Note the
upgrade will begin automatically after power cycling the aircraft if the DJI Pilot
app is not launched.

2. It will take approximately 25 minutes to complete the firmware update. During
the upgrade process, DJI Pilot app will display update progress and gimbal will
sound a fast beeping sound(D-D-D-D). A message windows of "Upgrade
Completed, Aircraft will restart in 5 seconds" will prompt in DJI Pilot app and
gimbal will sound a slow beeping sound (D--DD) to indicate the update is
complete, aircraft will then restart automally. Note that user will need to manually
power cycle the aircraft if DJI Pilot app is not launched prior to the upgrade.

3. Try update again if gimbal sounds a long beeping sound.

Updating the Remote Controller Firmware

Step 1- Check Battery

The remote controller firmware is included in the aircraft firmware update
package. Use the same update file that is downloaded from the official DJI
website. Ensure the remote controller's remaining battery level is at least 50%.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

   1. Extract all downloaded files into the root directory of an SD card or USB
         thumb drive.

   2. With the remote controller powered off, insert the SD card into a SD card
         reader and plug the reader into the USB port on the remote. Or if using a
         USB thumb drive, plug it directly into the remote's USB port. If you do
         not have a SD card reader or USB thumb drive, you may insert the SD
         card into the
         gimbal and connect the gimbal to the remote controller with a USB cable.

Step 3- Update the Remote Controller
   1. Power on the remote controller and wait 60 seconds until the upgrade
         begins. Do not power off the remote controller during the update.

   2. It will take approximately 10 minutes to complete the firmware update.
         The Inspire 1's camera will emit a beeping sound and the Status LED on
         the remote controller will show a solid blue light to indicate

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 61

Appendix

INSPIRE 1 User Manual

the update is in progress. The Status LED on the remote controller will show a
solid green light and the beeping sound will stop when the upgrade is complete.
The Status LED on the remote controller will show a solid red light if the upgrade
fails. In this case, try the update again.

Updating Intelligent Flight Battery Firmware

The Intelligent Flight Battery's firmware is updated during the aircraft firmware
update process. Simply keep the update package files on your SD card and update
the Intelligent Flight Battery firmware if prompted in the DJI Pilot app. The
update will start automatically if the aircraft is not connected to the DJI Pilot app
after power cycling the aircraft.

Do not perform firmware update while the aircraft is still flying in the air. Only
carry out firmware update when the aircraft is landed.
Be sure to update the remote controller's firmware to the latest version after you
upgrade the aircraft's firmware.

The remote controller may become unlinked from the aircraft after updating. Re-
link the remote controller and aircraft.
Confirm the update results according to the gimbal sounds. It is normal for the
aircraft to sound or the LED to blink during the update process. The on-screen
rate of progress is for reference only.

Ensure there is only one firmware package file stored on your SD card.
Only storage devices that are formatted for FAT32 and exFAT file systems are
supported for aircraft and remote controller firmware updates.
Delete any automatically generated txt files (xxx_GS.TXT) in the SD card when
updating multiple remote controllers.

FCC Compliance FCC Compliance

This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference,
and
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that
may cause undesired

operation.
Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for
compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.

Compliance Information FCC Warning Message

Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for
compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference,
and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference
that may cause undesired operation.

FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:

This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an
uncontrolled environment. This equipment should be installed and operated with
minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&

62 © 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.

Appendix

INSPIRE 1 User Manual your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or
operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
transmitter.

Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a
Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are
designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a
residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the
instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However,
there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If
this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is
encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following
measures:

--Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
--Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
--Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which
the receiver is connected. --Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV
technician for help.

IC RSS warning

This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard (s).
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not
cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference,including
interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
Le présent areil est conforme aux CNR d'Industrie Canada licables aux areils
radio exempts de licence.

L'exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes:
(1) l'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et
(2) l'utilisateur de l'areil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même
si le brouillage est susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement.

IC Radiation Exposure Statement:

This equipment complies with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an
uncontrolled environment. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in
conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter. This equipment should be
installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator& your
body.
Any Changes or modifications not expressly roved by the party responsible for
compliance could void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
KCC Warning Message

"       
    ." "     
"

NCC Warning Message
 
,, 
 
;, 
,


© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 63

Appendix

The content is subject to change.

www.dji.com/support

Download the latest version from

© 2014 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Maintenance Manual

V1.0 2015.2
tepToneorshfueeonrlrepsmufulreisedgethrahstfatsmtearyafeoeintvuytera,riaiyntir2itcsh0rera0eifrctfloaciimgorhncmtrtsiaenfonutrdeae5snd0dtotfmhloiaagftfxhecitrmohomiopzpuetirrmesit.hsaTelcnhposienisvrtmfienoamurmneaudaiannrlteceilesniaaaibnnnitcdleienttyodb.e
I. Checking the Battery
1bd.aelmCohawgecefoktrothdteihsepboabtsataettlre.yrDyfo,osrntdooaptmduiassgianesgsaeinmtdabndldeefdtohirsemcbhitaaitertgse.eryItfhftoehrebaraenttyaerrreyeaatsonoy1n0s. i%gnosrof
i2s. oCbhseecrkvetdh.eTbhaitstewryilpl ihneslpantod erunbsutrheeammcoleraenrewliiathblaenceornanseecrtiifoann. y residue
a3sap.npCdehpaeracpbkeurtrhn(e1t,mmtrmeytattolhibccalket)taerirnytthopeotmhwe. eTcrhocinosnncenacentocbtrosertsdoofponoreldbisayhmitnahsgeeerm.tiIenftgtahla.epcioencneeocftors
a4cor.enCnchleeeccatkro.rtTshheaencydosnshhtaoocuutlldpdibnnesotianbbeltehbeteobneat.stttearbylicshomeapsayrtcmoenntat cttowenitshutrheethbaattttehreypins
5w.itChhseacnkdtphaepeelre. cItfrothdeerseoisnstehreiobuastteerroys.iIofnt,hseeynadptpheeabr abtuterrnyt,ipnofloisrhrethpeamirs.
6bcoe. ncCodhmieticionkngtahloneodpstlehasadttuicarilcnl ogsmcfrlpeigwohnste.anrtes soefctuhree.bTathteisryprbervaecnktest tthoesbeeatitterisy ifnrogmood
c7a. bClehsecakrethweoprno,wceornctaabctleDs JbIettowaerernanthgee arermpasirasn. d the center plate, if the
Sb8a.atfFteeotrryylGocneulgildtfeerlorimnmessbt"oeairnanggdedc,ahpmelceakagsetehder.ebfearttteorythoen"cIenatemlliognetnht tFolipgrhetvBenattttehrey
o9Ibvfo.aratlRlttloealuwrgcnyeeetcrllhleestehlvlmaDewnlaJsaiItnahrPnnteaidilinoonsgtthtvaAheoyirplsstatp,aotgcrttooeyhn.elcteIoasfvacneatmflnisDreymaJlwbIetovfahovreanreltiawa3nnl.ghl7aelbaVynrasetbtithsrue.eertpyYabonacortyeuttelelccdrseay,lancliroseiasnlfastu0toal.cs2lcytiVmhDceihhJcliaaIkg.rrhgtheeedr .
II. Checking the Transformation System
1p.oiCnhtsecakrethsteilsleirnvogmooodtocrocnadbitlieosnf.or wear. Also confirm that the connection
ib2f.etnChdehiyencgskhootrhwdeaslmeigaandgsseocifrserwduissstc.aonvdecreodn.taCclteDanJIthSeulpepaodrtsctoreawrrsawngitehrWepDai-r4s0ifsapnrayy
3n.oiLsies,teitnmtoaythiendseicravtoemthoatot rtsheduserirnvgomthoetotrrasnwsfoorrnm. ation, if there is abnormal
d4i.rAt oftredr uthsteilsanfoduinngd,gcelaeranrisaensd, cghreeacskeththeelebaedarsincrgesw. s and bearings. If any

p5a. rCtihcelecskuthnedelernaedasthcrtehwesm. ,IfcothnetraectisDaJnIySsucprpaotcrht etos,adreranntsg,eorrepplaaisrtsi.c

III. Checking the Aircraft

1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately tightened.

t2h.aCt hdeectekctthabelaeirdcarmafatgfeormbirgehatkasfofercdtafmligahgte.saIffetthye,rceoinssaunlyt wreiathsoDnJtIoSbueplpieovret.

3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage.

w4.itChh5e0c2k gthlueed.ampers on the landing gears. If they are loose, secure them

5taar.poEeunsnsdwurtihtehethcaoantntetdhnuencrateisvaoernemtnahoteeorliabansltd)aitcnhlgeastgmoeanirgo.hrRtaearmfofeuocnvtdeotarhnbeylGoocbPksSttahmceloesdsiug(lnseualoc.hr as

6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the same tilt angle.

© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 1

IV. Checking the Motors

1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not become loose.

a2bn.eayDraienbtagncsohhrmtahvaeelpnbroeoiepsneel,wlpeorlersnaasoneudrtes. ptalratctehtehme motootros.rsL. iTstheins cmaareyfublelya.sIifgtnhethreatisthe

o3Cde.fhtDteehcceekttearfdcoo,htroctraohnaneyntpadacrbotcnopDoneJlrfIlmierSrmasulpatohpnraodetrxsttthctaoeerstsosthrihvdaeefetrmvirsioebptproealrartsicf.oeenCcmt.aleIyrfnectfauenmnlyltoyeptroereorxdsba.molenmintsheeathrmeeoetdogr.e

m4m.ooCttoohrrescb.kasfeorisdeevfoenrm. IiftinesotbcyocnotancftirDmJiIngSuthpaptotrht etogoaprdbeertrwepeelanctehmeemntotor and

ptc5io.lgamEhsttnpeisconuncrtehoenemtthsspa.cotrnethewnestssacnarrdeowcusonndutsatehcdet tDmoJosItetocorusrreeaprteahieirnmagnooytoobdrrocbkoaensnediaptriloeanstt.iigcIhf tnaontdpltehaese

V. Checking the Propellers

p1.roCpheellcekr,thdeo pnrootpuesleleirts.. If there is any bending, breakage or cracking on a

g2splohrr.ooooAkuputineltndladlgc.enhraSostttt.ahabInefesdppyui1ronsouemnpdiceen.altglneerrpsaretooweptatehwylelofemrrdofoimrstotoimtnrh,cetttuhapreinrroscoiprdaneefltt,lhetaerhnioadsuiroptclbrironsapeefret,vllalaeeynrtedhriessp,dlrwaoactmhaeetaiinngt geodn  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and

VI. Checking the IMU

aa1cadina.rlvdOcibaropanrneafctnteaiwodDfnilItJa.MhIt,PfUsoitluacorbatollaeibbpsjrpeuactrtiotfosacncohe.feP(ecilqkfeuatthasheleehplcaelonaigncdhedinti)ttgh.ioeDgneaoaoirnrfcoirtshtafetdtoaIuimMncahaUgtcehaodneo,dlcsreupanpefvrptfiodorruortmrntimhnaegenntht e

r2the.peTlfauacrnenltoohnceatfthaeend.aoirnctrhaeftfarnodntliosftethnefoariracnrayfta.bInfoarnmyailrrneogiuselaorirtyviibsrdaetitoenctferdo,m
VII. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System
1A.lsCohcehckectkhefo4r aanntyenbneansdionngtohre dlaanmdaingge.gear to ensure that they are secure.
2. Check the antennas of the remote controller for damage
3. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace if necessary.
VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera
dac1thof.itsemTeprrhlpuaieobnynqbieteuedinari)cl,tmi.ktzhI-aafmett,tiohqoceuunirni,gcctouikmrci-tomfbanbaoinolluseafncrtadtotiol,cstraoratfnnoondnrs/ieonmtchrittieoitcarocvlnamiizdmneaeeeyocwrtbatohoereistnwohanteouprtarnhanp.reeptIidgnc(iwuomtlhnhabi,irsallfeylaciaqOvlssuuSeitl,cDonkreew-drpmaaolbtaoralkcueeinst.
c2o. nCthacetckistbheenmt,erteapllcaocnettahcetsqounictkh-emqouuinctkcmononuencttcoor.nnector board, if any
3ashn. oyCuhdldeirctbk, ertuhrbeepicltaoccnleetadac.nt wpiinths oann ethraesqeur.icIfk-amnyoucnotnctaocntnpeicntsorarbeowarodr,nifotuhteirte is
4st.aCbiolinzfiinrmg ptheraftotrhmeagnicmebdaeltiesriaobrlaetetso, pcroonptearcltyDsJtaIbtoiliazreraitnsgeelf.reIpf aitisrs.
o5n. .LTishteisnmfoaryainnydiacbanteorumnaulsunaolisveibfrraotmionthaenfdanthwe hfaenn sthheouglidmbbealreispltaucrneded.
IX. Checking the Vision Positioning System
1cl.eCanhetchke tlhenesl.ens of the camera. If any dirt or residue is detected, gently
2. Check for and remove objects that might block the sensors.
a3i.rEcrnasfut.re that the Vision Positioning System is securely installed on the
n4OmDCo.hPJerDIatTmenPeIrgatisamlleolcayotthbh.daoteephvpFeeis.lpaiIagrfschoutttphirveMfeeallac,oepetdrhpseweadsiVnitwshdipistrtliciuaochyrnhnstPopoaoannPtstaitMethlirteoniotnsadu,iiednrucegonrnvdaSafeyttlhr.suetgHeeocmoaoolndndsdthltriihoongeulhdlleatidicrinrafacgtunernacdscfotttcnhih1odae-nit2ctPiko-nths.e
Support Center Contact Info:
http://www.dji.com/support
The content is subject to change.
D1/odwownlnolaodadthe latest version from http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-
© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 2
Areas of Operation
