June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11832
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1166

Mr. Michael Intschert
Director of Operations
AUV, LLC
1921 East Flight Line Drive
Building 2
Tucson, AZ 85756

Dear Mr. Intschert:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of AUV, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and
cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1, Steadidrone Mavrik, and 3DR
Solo.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, AUV, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, AUV, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1,
    Steadidrone Mavrik, 3DR Solo when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                           DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                          FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                        WASHINGTON, DC

                          Regulatory Docket No. _________________

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                              AUV, LLC.

    FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
                                              SECTIONS:
                  CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE:
                                           DJI INSPIRE 1
                                    STEADIDRONE MAVRIK
                                              3DR SOLO
                               PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                   Submitted on April 14, 2015

                                                                   AUV, LLC.
                                                                   MICHAEL INTSCHERT
                                                                   1921 E Flight Line Drive
                                                                   Building 2
                                                                   Tucson, Arizona 85756
                                                                   Tel: (281) 414-0280
TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                         Page

APPENDICES .................................................................................................................................3
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .............................................................................................4
BACKGROUND INFORMATION ................................................................................................5
AIRCRAFT MODELS INCLUDED IN THIS PETITION.............................................................5
REGULATORY BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................5

    A. NAME & ADDRESS OF PETITIONER ...........................................................................7
    B. THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R.

         FROM WHICH AUV, LLC. SEEKS EXEMPTION ..........................................................7
    C. THE EXTENT OF RELIEF AUV, LLC.

         SEEKS & THE REASON AUV, LLC. SEEKS RELIEF .................................................11
    D. THE REASONS WHY GRANDING AUV, LLC.'S

         REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ..................................................13
    E. THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION

         WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY...........................................................16
    F. SUMMARY THAT CAN BE

         PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER ................................................................32
    G. ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS

         AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT AUV, LLC.'S REQUEST.................................................33
CONCLUSION..............................................................................................................................34

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 2 of 32
                                            APPENDICES
OPERATING MANUAL DJI INSPIRE 1 ..............................................................EXHIBIT A
OPERATING MANUAL STEADIDRONE MAVRIK .........................................EXHIBIT B
KITTYHAWK SELL SHEET .................................................................................EXHIBIT C
OPERATING CHECKLIST DJI INSPIRE 1 ..........................................................EXHIBIT D
OPERATING CHECKLIST STEADIDRONE MAVRIK...................................... EXHIBIT E
TRAINING OUTLINE DJI INSPIRE 1 ................................................................. EXHIBIT F
TRAINING OUTLINE STEADIDRONE MAVRIK .............................................EXHIBIT G
AUV STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES ...............................................EXHIBIT H

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 3 of 32
             GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS

AGL          Above Ground Level
AOI          Area of Interest
ATC          Air Traffic Control
ATO          Air Traffic Organization
AV           Aerial Vehicle
C2           Command and Control
C.F.R.       Code of Federal Regulations
COA          Certificate of Authorization
FAA          Federal Aviation Administration
FAR          Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS          Ground Control Station
GPS          Global Positioning System
LOL          Loss of Link
NAS          National Airspace System
NOTAM        Notice to Airman
PIC          Pilot In Command
Section 333  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
SOP          Standard Operating Procedures
sUAS         Small Unmanned Aircraft System
UA           Unmanned Aircraft
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR          Visual Flight Rules
VLOS         Visual Line of Site
VMC          Visual Meteorological Conditions
VO           Visual Observer
VTOL         Vertical Takeoff and Landing

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.                   Page 4 of 32
BACKGROUND INFORMATION

AUV, LLC. also known as AUV Flight Services, (hereafter referred to as "AUV") is in the
business of consultation and pilot contracting, both for manned and unmanned aircraft
operations.

AUV seeks an exemption to operate several sUAS, listed below, for compensation or hire within
the National Airspace System ("NAS"). The proposed aircraft all include vertical takeoff and
landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and transportable Ground Control Stations (GCS).
Regulatory exemptions laid out in this petition would allow AUV to provide aerial photography
and cinematography services, utilizing UA, for private and commercial interests in the United
States.

The sUAS to be operated will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of
Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

AIRCRAFT MODELS INCLUDED IN THIS PETITION

    1. DJI Inspire 1
    2. SteadiDrone Mavrik
    3. 3DR Solo
The 3DR Solo, including the associated manufacturer documentation, has not yet been released.
As soon as information is available, AUV will submit amendments and attachments to this
petition.

REGULATORY BASIS FOR PETITION

Pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned
Aircraft Systems, AUV hereby petitions the Administrator to operate sUAS in the NAS, and for
an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 5 of 32
In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, AUV's operation of the listed UAS meets the conditions of
Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Accordingly, AUV requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

AUV submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will be
ensured. AUV will perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS as
prescribed by the manufacturers' maintenance documentation where applicable, or by returning
the aircraft to its manufacturer when operator maintenance is not recommended. Furthermore,
AUV will document and maintain all maintenance records for the aircraft used in the requested
operations, utilizing the Kittyhawk.io digital logbook system.

Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges
and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by AUV to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot
in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate,
and who has completed the OEM training and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed
UAS operations, or to supervise and train students in OEM certification courses. AUV submits
that the conditions and limitations set forth herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as well as
the safety of persons or property on the ground.

AUV seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the selected
sUAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart
H. As such, AUV submits that it will ensure that the unmanned aircraft are in an airworthy
condition prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS are in compliance with the
applicable UAS Operator and Maintenance Manuals, and that the UA are in condition for safe
flight.

AUV also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter
Settings, as the proposed UAS are equipped with a barometer and Global Positioning System
(GPS) equipment, which ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 6 of 32
each flight. The UA barometer and GPS equipment ensure safety by providing the PIC with
adequate information concerning altitude of the UA, above ground level (AGL), as shown on the
heads-up display of the GCS.

Additionally, AUV seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b), Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. AUV submits that safety will not be affected because
flights will be terminated at or before battery levels which are recommended by the OEM for
safe operation.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, AUV provides the following information in support of its
petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

    The name and address of the Petitioner is:
         AUV, LLC.
         1921 E Flight Line Drive
         Building 2
         Tucson, Arizona 85756

    The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:
         Michael Intschert, Director of Operations
         AUV, LLC.
         1921 E Flight Line Drive
         Building 2
         Tucson, Arizona 85756
         Phone: (281) 414-0280
         Email: Michael.Intschert@auvops.com

B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which AUV Seeks Exemption.

    1. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b).

    Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
    subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command

         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 7 of 32
    hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.
    (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
    connection with any business or employment if--

         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
2. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).
Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:
    (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
3. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.
Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in relevant
part:
    (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
    that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
         (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

             (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within
             100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
             (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this
             section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;
             or
             (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
             departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure;
4. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).
Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b), states
the following:

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 8 of 32
    (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
    wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
    intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
    minutes.

5. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

    Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

    (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
    between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
    discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1).

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

    (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
    maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of
         this chapter[.]

7. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1) And
91.409(a)(2).
Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

    (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
    unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
         part 21 of this chapter.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 9 of 32
8. AUV Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following:

    (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
    owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
    (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records
         of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
         appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
         rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
             performed; and

             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

             (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
             return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

             (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
             rotor.

             (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
             rotor, and appliance.

             (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
             required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

             (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
             inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
             appliances are maintained.

             (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
             directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 10 of 32
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
                  alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                  appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
             work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
             performed.

             (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
             transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

             (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
             chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
             return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks The Relief.

    1. Extent of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks Relief From Section
    61.113(a) And (b).
    Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot
    in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding
    at least a sport pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate, and who has
    completed the OEM training and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS
    operations.

    This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a
    private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any
    business or employment if (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
    and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

    As set forth more fully below, AUV submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
    maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate a UAS unless that PIC has

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 11 of 32
demonstrated, through the OEM training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to
safely operate the aircraft in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as
described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

Further, AUV submits that all flights of the UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant
of this Petition (1) will be incidental to AUV's business; and (2) will not carry passengers or
property for compensation or hire.

2. Extent of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

Relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow AUV to determine that the operations UAS is in an airworthy condition
prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the applicable operations
and maintenance manuals, and that the UA is in condition for safe flight. Copies of the
Inspire 1 and Mavrik operator's manuals are attached as exhibits A and B. The Solo
operator's manual will be submitted when it is released to the public.

AUV seeks the requested relief because the proposed sUAS do not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, AUV will ensure that
the sUAS is in an airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating
documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

3. Extent of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the proposed UAS, which utilize barometer and GPS equipment, to ensure that
a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and in order to report
altitude to the PIC. AUV seeks the requested relief because the proposed UAS do not utilize
a typical barometric altimeter that may be set as contemplated by Section 91.121. As more
fully set forth below, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the sUAS are
equipped with a barometer and GPS equipment, which will ensure that a ground level
pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude
information of the UA, above ground level (AGL), on the heads-up display of the ground
control station (GCS).

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 12 of 32
    4. Extent Of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks Relief From Section
    91.151(b).
    Relief from Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel Requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
    requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered UA, during daylight
    hours in visual meteorological conditions under visual flight rules (VFR), to continue for a
    total duration not greater than that recommended by the manufacturer for safe operation.
    AUV seeks the requested relief, because without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the
    flight time duration of the battery powered UA will severely constrain the practicality of any
    aerial photography operations which AUV proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

    5. Extent Of Relief AUV Seeks And The Reason AUV Seeks Relief From Sections
    91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).
    Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
    apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, AUV requests relief from these Sections
    because the UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more fully below,
    the selected UAS meet the conditions of Section 333 of the FMRA for operation without an
    airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, AUV will perform maintenance, alterations, or
    preventive maintenance on the UAS as prescribed by the manufacturers' maintenance
    documentation where applicable, or by returning the aircraft to its manufacturer when
    operator maintenance is not recommended. Furthermore, AUV will use Kittyhawk.io, a
    cloud-based electronic maintenance and pilot log, to document and maintain all maintenance
    records for the aircraft used.

D. Reasons Why Granting AUV's Request Would Be In The Public Interest; That Is, How
It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing AUV to safely,
efficiently, and economically perform commercial aerial photography and cinematography.
Additionally, our services will aid in increasing safety and proper operating procedures for these
aircraft both in commercial and private markets to reduce risk and potential accidents. Notably,
the benefits of AUV's proposed operations of the listed UAS will be realized without implicating
any privacy issues.

    1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Photography And Cinematography.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 13 of 32
AUV's photography and cinematography program will provide safe, efficient, and
economical imaging to the public. The exemption process under FMRA section 333 allows
the FAA to hand pick the safest operators to spearhead the UAS service market in the United
States, which increases the safety for the public as a whole. This petition and its supporting
documents prove AUV to be exactly the type of operator the FAA should wish to proliferate
based on its dual mandate to increase safety and economic prosperity. AUV has empirically
proven itself to be safer than many other UAS operators, and UAS in general pose a much
smaller risk to the public than manned, combustion engine aircraft generally used for aerial
photography. To utilize an analogy from microeconomics, granting this petition will increase
the supply of safe, lawful aerial photography operators in the United States, which will drive
down the demand for and use of less safe manned aircraft operators or illegal UAS operators.

Aerial imaging which uses UA is inherently cheaper than operations which rely on manned
aircraft, meaning that AUV will be able to provide the same services to the general public at
a tremendous discount. This will create an economic benefit for the public, in addition to the
safety benefit.

Finally, the exemptions granted by this petition would allow AUV to operate as an aid to law
enforcement agencies, search and rescue operations, and accident investigation efforts. AUV
will provide timely strategic and investigative information to these operations, which could
help save lives and reduce property losses. Granting the specified exemptions will provide
not only safety and economic benefit to the public, but also an increased effectiveness of pre-
existing public services.

2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.

The DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, and SteadiDrone Mavrik serve as a safe, efficient, and
economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized in many commercial
industries. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed, an exemption allowing the
use of these aircraft would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise
and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the
ground.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 14 of 32
Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion
around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. These aircraft do
not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting
commercial operations would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic
control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of These Aircraft.

Conducting commercial operations with the DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, or SteadiDrone
Mavrik, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the
levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional commercial aviation operations.
All models use only battery power and electric motors. These aircraft produce no air
pollution, and are the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to cabin class,
internal combustion aircraft that are typically utilized in commercial operations. SUAS also
reduce noise pollution, as the electric motors produce far less noise.

By using these aircraft to perform commercial aerial operations, the substantial risk to life
and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional
manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated.
Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, these aircraft all
weigh less than 55 pounds at their maximum gross weight, and therefore have less physical
potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to
typical manned aircraft.

4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

Similar to manned commercial operations that have been conducted for decades, AUV's
proposed operations will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, these aircraft will be
operated only in rural areas and in accordance with all Federal Aviation Regulations,
including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. 91.119. Most significantly, these
aircraft will not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure,
which is not directly involved in the operations. Privacy and safety of any persons in the
vicinity of operations are of great importance to AUV and AUV will comply with all local,
state and federal laws applicable to the safety and privacy of people in the vicinity of sUAS

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 15 of 32
    operations. Unless required to safely return the aircraft in an emergency situation, aircraft
    visual sensors will not focus on anything but AUV's assets, and if any images or video of
    non-AUV assets is accidentally captured, the data will be immediately erased from the UAS
    camera, sensors, ground stations etc. at the local landing site.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided
By The Rule From Which AUV Seeks Exemption.

    1. Reasons Why The DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, And SteadiDrone Mavrik UAS Meet The
    Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.
    In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
    unmanned aircraft and their operation, AUV's operations of the DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, and
    SteadiDrone Mavrik UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an
    airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

    Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and
    sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
    NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA
    Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than
         180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall
         determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

             (1) Which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
             speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
             within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
             system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 16 of 32
         (2) Whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
         certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
         operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

    (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
    certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
    Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in
    the national airspace system.

In seeking this exemption, AUV submits that the included UAS can operate safely in the
NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of these
UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

Copies of the Inspire 1 and Mavrik operator's manuals are attached as exhibits A and B. The
Solo operator's manual will be submitted when it is released to the public.

    A. DJI Inspire 1

         i. Autonomous Features And Lost Link Procedures

         If the aircraft loses communications with the GCS on either video transmission or C2
         bands for more than 3 seconds, by default it will climb to 20 meters above the home
         point or maintain altitude if it is already more than 20 meters above home point. The
         aircraft will then fly directly above the home point, wait for 15 seconds, and perform
         an automatic landing. The home point and failsafe altitude are user-programmable.
         The aircraft will remain in fully stable and controlled flight throughout all procedures.

         If the GPS solution is lost during flight, the pilot will receive an annunciator and will
         have immediate control of the aircraft.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 17 of 32
    All other details on the aircraft's safety procedures and features can be found in the
    operator's manual, attached as Exhibit A.

    ii. Features Of The DJI GCS And Flight Control Software

    A complete description of the operation and specifications of the GCS and flight
    control software for DJI UAS is provided in the Operator Manual, attached as Exhibit
    A.

B. SteadiDrone Mavrik & 3DR Solo

    i. Autonomous Features And Lost Link Procedures

    When a radio failsafe is triggered one of the following will happen:

    · Nothing if the vehicle is already disarmed
    · Motors will be immediately disarmed if the vehicle is landed OR in stabilize or

         acro mode and the pilot's throttle is at zero
    · Return-to-Launch (RTL) if the vehicle has a GPS lock and is more than 2 meters

         from the home position
    · LAND if the vehicle has:

         o no GPS lock OR
         o is within 2 meters of home OR
         o the FS_THR_ENABLE parameter is set to "Enabled Always Land"

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 18 of 32
    o Continue with the mission if the vehicle is in AUTO mode and the
         FS_THR_ENABLE parameter is set to "Enabled Continue with Mission in
         Auto Mode".

· If the failsafe clears (i.e. transmitter and receiver regain contact) the copter will
    remain in its current flight mode. It will not automatically return to the flight
    mode that was active before the failsafe was triggered. This means that if, for
    example, the vehicle was in Loiter when the failsafe occured and the flight mode
    was automatically changed to RTL, even after the transmitter and receiver
    regained contact, the vehicle would remain in RTL. If the pilot wished to re-take
    control in Loiter he/she would need to change your flight mode switch to another
    position and then back to Loiter.

Battery alarms and failsafe's are completely configurable and can trigger based on
voltage, amperage, or amp-hours consumed. When a battery failsafe is triggered, one
of the following will occur:

 Nothing if the vehicle is already disarmed

 Disarm motors if the vehicle is in Stabilize or Acro mode and the throttle is at
    zero OR the vehicle is landed

 Return-to-Launch (RTL) if the FS_BATT_ENABLE parameter is set to "2"
    ("RTL") OR the vehicle is in AUTO mode, has a GPS lock and are at least 2
    meters from your home position

 Land in all other cases

The aircraft will remain in fully stable and controlled flight throughout all procedures.
All other details on the Mavrik's safety procedures and features can be found in the
operator's manual, attached as exhibit B. The Solo operator's manual will be
submitted when it is released to the public.

ii. Features Of The 3DR GCS And Flight Control Software

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 19 of 32
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the GCS and flight
         control software for the SteadiDrone Mavrik is provided in the operator's manual,
         attached as Exhibit B

2. Flight Operations Of The DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, and SteadiDrone Mavrik UAS
Are Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety
Observer.
AUV will only utilize instructor pilots who meet the following criteria:

         · Possess a valid third class or better FAA airman medical certificate
         · Possess and meet currency requirements for at least a sport pilot certificate
         · Successful completion of AUV's Multirotor Course

AUV will only utilize visual observers who have achieved a passing grade on the FAA
Private Pilot written exam within the past 24 calendar months. Students must possess a valid
third class or better FAA airman medical certificate before training begins. Training records,
flight time totals, and applicable flight currency records will all be maintained by AUV.
Training course outlines for the Multirotor Course have been attached to this petition as
Exhibits F and G.

3. Flights Of The DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, And SteadiDrone Mavrik UAS Will Be
Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.
In seeking this exemption, AUV proposes to commercially operate the specified UAS for the
special purpose of conducting aerial photography and cinematography over rural areas of the
United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

1) Operations authorized by the grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft
    described in the operating documents, which are vertical takeoff and landing, unmanned
    aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo,
    and SteadiDrone Mavrik. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend the grant.

2) These UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 40 miles per hour.
3) These UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level

    (AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 20 of 32
4) These UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot in Command
    (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical
    certificate.

5) All operations must utilize a Visual Observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
    VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
    PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated
    before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.
    The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
    documents.

6) The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be maintained and made
    available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
    conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
    documents, the conditions and limitations in the grant of exemption take precedence and
    must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its
    operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated
    and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of
    exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis
    upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition for
    amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may
    be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
    UA is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and
    the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Stations must
    be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
    documented in the aircraft records via Kittyhawk.io.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
    characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component), must undergo a

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 21 of 32
    functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry
    in the proper UA record of the flight on Kittyhawk.io.
9) In addition to the pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents, the preflight
    inspection must also account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or
    equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.
10) The operator must follow the aircraft specific manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and
    alterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook on Kittyhawk.io, including total flight
    hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized maintenance
    personnel or PIC returning the UAS to service.
12) The operator's authorized maintenance personnel or PIC must make a record entry in the
    UAS logbook or equivalent document of the corrective action taken against discrepancies
    discovered between inspections.
13) The operator's authorized maintenance personnel, PIC, and VO must receive and
    document training referenced in the operating documents.
14) The UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all manufacturer System and
    Safety Bulletins.
15) The PIC must possess at least a FAA-issued sport pilot certificate and a valid FAA-issued
    third class airman medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review
    requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his
    or her pilot certificate.
16) Prior to operating for hire, the PIC, and VO must have successfully completed AUV's
    training syllabus as outlined in the operating documents. A record of training must be
    documented and made available upon request by the Administrator. Training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights for the purpose of training pilots and VOs to
    conduct flights authorized by the exemption are permitted under the terms of the
    exemption.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 22 of 32
17) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land, or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

18) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

19) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
    or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption.
    AUV's operations will either be covered by a "blanket" COA for operations in rural areas
    under 200 feet AGL, or an operation-specific COA as necessary. This COA will also
    require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in
    advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation. For operations in support of
    first responders, law enforcement, search and rescue, or accident investigations, AUV or
    its customers will obtain an emergency COA prior to flight.

20) The UA operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial number,
    registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
    markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C.

21) Before conducting flight operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
    other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

22) The documents required under 14 C.F.R §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC
    at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator, or any law enforcement official,
    upon request.

23) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aircraft operations and
    activities at all times.

24) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1.
25) All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The

    UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
26) During operations in the National Airspace System, the UA may not operate within the
    areas listed below unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 23 of 32
    obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the
    operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made
    available to the Administrator upon request.

         · 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or
         · 3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but not an

             operational tower; or
         · 2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or an

             operational tower; or
         · 2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure

27) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas. These areas
    include, but are not limited, to the yellow areas depicted on World Aeronautical Charts
    (WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or Terminal Area Charts (TAC).
    However, aeronautical charts may not reflect pertinent local information. Ultimately, it is
    the PIC's responsibility to maintain the minimum safe altitudes required by 14 C.F.R. §
    91.119.

28) Operation of the UA must be conducted at least 500 feet from all persons, vessels,
    vehicles, and structures not directly involved in the operation.

29) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from participating
    persons, vessels, vehicles or structures that perform an essential function in connection
    with the special purpose operations. Operations closer than 500 feet from the PIC, VO,
    operator trainees and essential persons, are permitted when operationally necessary; but
    never so close as to present an undue hazard, per 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(a).

30) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from unoccupied
    vessels, vehicles or structures owned by the land owner/controller when the land
    owner/controller grants such permission and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the
    risk from operations closer to these objects.

31) All operations shall be conducted with permission from the land owner/controller or
    authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized
    representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

32) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 24 of 32
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents meeting the
    requirements of 49 C.F.R. Part 830 must be reported to the National Transportation
    Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b)
Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
AUV submits that an equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and (b) will
be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the UAS unless that PIC has
demonstrated, through the proper UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is
able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive
and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

Considering AUV's proposed area of operations and the operating limitations set forth-
above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills
necessary to safely operate the UAS, AUV submits that the additional manned airmanship
experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for AUV's specific proposed flight operations.

Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific
to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138).

As in Exemption No. 11109, AUV will not allow any PIC to operate the UAS unless that PIC
has demonstrated through the UAS training and currency requirements that the PIC is able to
safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles
and structures.

A complete description of the AUV Multirotor training requirements is set forth in the
Training Outlines, attached as Exhibits F and G. These files contain proprietary information
and are to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 25 of 32
5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.
The level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to every
flight, AUV will ensure that the UAS is in an airworthy condition and safe for flight based
upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents and as stated in the conditions and
limitations herein.

Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a), specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138).

6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.
The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because the
UAS is equipped with a digitally encoded barometric altimeter and GPS triangulation
equipment, with a zero altitude initiation point being established prior to each flight. As such,
the PIC on the UAS is provided the altitude of the UA above ground level (AGL) via a
heads-up display of the ground control station (GCS). The FAA has previously granted relief
from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138).

7. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.
A grant of this exemption would ensure the equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) because the operator will always have detailed information on the
charge and state of the battery, and preset battery failsafe's will prevent any loss of flight
control due to power loss. Furthermore, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning
Section 91.151(b) establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical
characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.

The ground control station (GCS) provides a battery indicator on the heads-up display, which
indicates the UA's current remaining battery power measured in volts, and thus provides the
PIC with constant awareness of the real-time battery voltage during a flight.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 26 of 32
Specific details on battery failsafes can be found in the Inspire 1 and Mavrik operator's
manuals, which are attached as exhibits A and B. The Solo operator's manual will be
submitted when it is released to the public.

Likewise, as set forth above, AUV has proposed specific operating limitations in this Petition
that will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.151(b), including
the following: (1) the UA will only be operated during daylight hours (i.e. between the end of
morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the
American Air Almanac, converted to local time); (2) The UA will only be operated pursuant
to visual flight rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC); and (3) the duration
of each flight shall not exceed the maximum time or battery charge level recommended by
the manufacturer for safe operations.

Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish
that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate
at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689,
5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151,
specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein
(e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138).

8. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely Affect
Safety.
In seeking this exemption, AUV submits that an equivalent level of safety with regard to the
regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because AUV and the
manufacturers of each aircraft, will use trained technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
AUV will document and maintain all maintenance records for each of the individual aircraft.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 27 of 32
Since each UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer's maintenance manual,
AUV will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The Aircraft Maintenance Manuals set forth Scheduled
Maintenance Inspection Procedures for each system and component. Inspection intervals for
the aircraft include preflight and postflight inspections, as well as scheduled inspections
every 25 hours, 50 hours, 75 hours, and 100 hours of operation.

Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because AUV will perform
maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer's maintenance manuals for each
respective aircraft.

A copy of each aircraft's Operator's Manual, are attached as Exhibits A and B. Other
operator's manuals will be submitted as attachments to this petition as they become available
to AUV.

Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety established
by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b) because all maintenance of the aircraft will be
performed by manufacturer approved technicians, who will document and maintain
maintenance records for the UAS. A Maintenance Action Form must be completed and
saved in the maintenance logs for all maintenance that is performed on the UAS. The
procedures for maintaining the maintenance logs for the UAS are fully set forth in the AUV
Operations Manual, Exhibit Q. Details on the Kittyhawk.io logging program can be found in
the Kittyhawk Sell Sheet, attached as Exhibit C.

Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are
considered. The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064,
11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138).

7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 28 of 32
In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, AUV requests that the FAA prescribe
special conditions for the intended operation of each UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to
that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such
special conditions will permit safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial photography over rural areas of the United States. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for
such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements
that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 21.16,
for operation of each UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not
contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features
of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

    If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
    adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
    because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
    he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
    conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
    standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
    establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.

See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for AUV's intended operation of the DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo,
and SteadiDrone Mavrik, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 29 of 32
F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, Stating:

         The Rules From Which AUV Seeks Exemption:

         AUV, LLC. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. Sections 61.113(a) & (b),
         91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)
         & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption AUV Seeks:

         This exemption will permit AUV, LLC. to commercially operate Unmanned Aircraft
         Systems for the purpose of conducting aerial photography and cinematography over
         certain rural areas of the United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support AUV's
Request.

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may
operate safely in the NAS. As such, AUV's request for exemption may be granted pursuant to
the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security, and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

As discussed in detail above, AUV will operate the specified UAS safely in the NAS without
creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
security.

CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, AUV seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe operation of
the DJI Inspire 1, 3DR Solo, and SteadiDrone Mavrik UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial photography and
cinematography within the stated operational guidelines. By granting this Petition, the FAA

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 30 of 32
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing AUV to safely,
efficiently, and economically operate these UAS commercially within the NAS.

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 31 of 32
WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, AUV respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), and permit AUV to operate the specified UAS for the purpose of conducting
aerial photography and cinematography over rural areas of the United States.

Dated: April 14, 2015

                                                         Respectfully submitted,

                                                         AUV, LLC.

                                                         MICHAEL INTSCHERT
                                                         1921 E Flight Line Drive
                                                         Building 2
                                                         Tucson, Arizona 85756
                                                         Tel: (281) 414-0280

AUV Proprietary & Competition Sensitive. File Securely.  Page 32 of 32
