June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11837
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1157

Dr. Sarah R. Collins, Ph.D.
President
Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC
2645 Twin Point Drive
Suite 101-A
Lewisville, TX 75056

Dear Dr. Collins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct remote sensing, aerial surveys, data and imagery collection for various industries and
functions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire, DJI
Phantom 3, andEvent 38 E384.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision Plus, DJI Inspire, DJI Phantom 3, and Event 38 E384 when weighing less than
         55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
         new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                    April 15, 2015

Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

SUBJECT:  Petition for Exemption to Operate Small Unmanned Aircraft Pursuant to Section 333

Petition Summary

Pursuant to Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 (FMRA), Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC (Avant) hereby petitions for expedited approval
and exemption from FAA authorizing commercial operation of its small unmanned aircraft systems
(sUAS) for remote sensing, aerial surveys, data and imagery collection for the industries and functions
listed in Table 1.

          Table 1: Industries served and functions performed

          Agriculture               Insurance

          Construction              Law Enforcement

          Emergency Response        Planning & Asset Management

          Engineering & Surveying   Promotion & Marketing

          Environmental Monitoring  Real Estate & Land Development

          Event Photography & Videography Training & Education

          Inspections               Transportation & Infrastructure

If granted, the exemption would permit Avant to conduct commercial operations of small unmanned
aircraft systems (sUAS) that meet or exceed operational and safety requirements set forth by Congress
in Section 333. As an unmanned aircraft technology firm, Avant requests operations granted under like
conditions and limitations set forth in previous, and similar, Section 333 summary exemptions granted
by FAA.

Statutory Authority

Section 333 (a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) may
operate safety in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking
required by Section 332". Section 333 (b) then lists several factors that should be considered in

                              2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A

                                       Lewisville, Texas 75056
                                214.709.5882  avantuas.com
determining which UAS' would be eligible for expedited integration into the National Airspace
System (NAS). Specifically UAS' that "as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability,
proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
hazard to the users of the national airspace system or the public, or pose a threat to national
security." If a UAS meets the criteria laid forth in Section 333 (b), Section 333 (c) FAA has the
authority to decide if an airworthiness certification as specified by Title 49 United States Code,
Section 44704 is required for operation. Section 333 (c) specifically states that the FAA can
determine "whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
certification under section 44704 of Title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of
unmanned aircraft systems." Thus, the FAA has the ability to allow a UAS that meets the criteria put
forth in Section 333 (b) to operate within the NAS without an airworthiness certification as long as
the UAS does not pose any hazard or threat to the NAS, public, and national security.

Request for Relief

In meeting the aforementioned requirements, Avant requests relief and exemption from the regulations
summarized in Table 2.

Table 2: Relief and exemptions summary

14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)    14 CFR 91.109

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) and (b)  14 CFR 91.119

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)         14 CFR 91.121

14 CFR 91.103               14 CFR 91.151(a)

14 C.F.R. 91.401-91.417

Unmanned Aircraft Systems

Avant is requesting an exemption to operate a DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire, DJI Phantom 3, and
Event 38 E384.

Avant's sUAS proposed for operation through this request weigh less than 55 pounds, fly at speeds of no
more than 100 miles per hour (MPH), carry neither a pilot nor passenger, carry no explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and will operate within approved flight areas and heights through coordination
and communication with the Flight Standards District Office (FSDO), Air Traffic Organization (ATO), air
traffic control facilities and personnel, and any other entities or persons to satisfy terms set forth by the
FAA for this exemption request.

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
DJI Phantoms and Inspire

The Phantoms and Inspire sUAS are four-rotor, lithium polymer battery powered unmanned aircraft
manufactured by DJI. DJI is a global leader in the sUAS market with thousands of their products in use
for professional and recreational purposes.

Given their extensive use and reliability, Avant asserts both the Inspire and Phantom series platforms
can operate safely in the National Airspace System (NAS) through their appropriate use and operations
in accordance with Avant's training and operating parameters.

These vertical takeoff and land (VTOL) quad-copters have GPS, autonomous flight capabilities, with
telemetry and manual ground control. These aircraft are equipped with gimbals and high definition
cameras. Each of these platforms have the capability to limit flight height above ground level (AGL) and
limit flights in controlled airspace.

The Phantom's dimensions are 8.1 x 17 x 12.5 inches. The Inspire is 22 in x 22 in x 8 in. Both weight
under 10 pounds. The following is representative of failsafe emergency procedures available between
the Phantom and Inspire.

     Loss of Communication: If the communication link with the PIC/operators ground control station
         is lost, the platform will initiative a return to home mode after three seconds of transmission
         loss.

     Low Battery: Initiated automatically based on remaining battery life, altitude, and distance from
         home point - when the battery level is too a warnings is alerted to the PIC/operator and the
         aircraft can automatically begin a return to home procedure.

     Loss of GPS: Losing a GPS signal while flying autonomously will trigger the aircraft to hover using
         onboard altitude sensing. The PIC can then land the aircraft as soon as possible.

Event 38 E384

The E384 sUAS is manufactured by Event 38. This lightweight fixed-wing platform is powered by a
lithium polymer battery operated by a ground control station, and associated data link equipment.
The E384 is made of a foam airframe, weighs less than 10 pounds, has approximately a 6 foot
wingspan, and is 4.5 feet in length. The cruising operational speed of is approximately 27 mph (23.5
knots). This small, lightweight unmanned aircraft operating at relatively slow speeds will pose little
to no threat or hazard to people or structures on the ground, thus making it an exponentially safer
alternative to manned, fixed-wing aircraft operating for similar applications.

The E384 functions primarily to provide aerial imagery and remote sensing capabilities using one of
a selection of interchangeable cameras. High resolution imagery enable data collection, extraction,
and analysis from imagery produced by these cameras with application to numerous industries such
as surveying, architecture, engineering, agriculture, insurance, planning, and transportation just to
name few. Information gleaned from the imagery will help in countless ways like maximizing crop
yields, improving response times and coordination following natural disasters, expediting insurance

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
adjustment claims, and enhanced decision making and overall efficiencies amongst several
industries ranging from real estate, planning, asset management, and more by having access to
higher quality data. Practically speaking, all of these provide great benefit to the economy and the
overall public.

The E384 is a hand launched platform that requires no runway for take-off and landing. Once
launched, the E384 will operate at an altitude of 400 ft. AGL or less over a designated and
authorized flight area.

Prior to each flight, the Pilot in Command (PIC) will set dimensions of a designated flight area and
relevant flight parameters to ensure the E384 operates within the lateral, not to exceed visual line-
of-sight (VLOS), and vertical, not to exceed 400 feet AGL, geographic limits of an approved site for
operation. In the event a critical issue is detected e.g. a low battery state or loss of datalink, the
E384 will immediately initiate a return-to-launch/home sequence.

The E384 has extensive flight experience and a history of operational success overseas, including
flights by over one hundred professional operators on 6 continents. The items below overview
examples of its successful use provided from the manufacturer.

    1. Used to survey potential land for hydroelectric power plant construction in Uganda.
    2. The National Technical University of Athens in Greece used it for studying open-pit mining.
    3. The Belize Fishery Department began routine flights with the E384 to track illegal fishing in

         protected waters.
    4. Recently the E384 was flown over three days at the Cleveland Airshow in the United States

         ­ a demonstration of its ability to safely integrate and operate in the NAS.

Each of the sUAS platforms described above are equipped with advanced sensors and high definition
cameras. They also have built-in capabilities to limit flight altitude above ground level (AGL) and the
radius distance flown from the pilot/operator. Safety parameters to prevent, if needed, operations in
controlled airspace through a no fly zone feature is also possible with the DJI platforms.

In addition, each of the Avant's sUAS have integrated safety features designed to help ensure the safety
of persons and property within and surrounding an active operation area. For instance, as described
above, if one of the aircraft lose communication with its ground control station or geographic
positioning system (GPS) signal the aircraft can autonomously return to a pre-determined location or
hover in place until the manually landed safely, respectively.

The Petitioner has supplied the following additional Information as appendices for consideration of this
request:

     DJI Phantom Series Operation, Maintenance Materials (Appendix A)
     DJI Inspire Operation, Maintenance Materials (Appendix B)

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
     Event38 E384 Operation, Maintenance, and Training Materials (Appendix C)

Aircraft Marking

Each of Avant's sUAS will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47,
and have an identification (N-Number) markings displayed as large as practicable in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 45.

Pre-flight Inspection, Maintenance

Before each flight an Avant PIC will perform a series of pre-flight and takeoff checks as defined by the
manufacturer noted in the Appendices provided.

Routine inspection of all aircraft components, including, but not limited to the items listed below will
take place:

     Motors, wiring and connectors
     Propellers, smooth, no chips
     Batteries, wiring and connectors
     Remote command and control
     Ground control station

UAS Operating Parameters

Avant PICs and visual observers, present during any and all flights, will ensure all operation remain
within VLOS. Flights will be limited to 400 feet AGL ­ which is accurately measured by GPS. Avant's sUAS
operators and PICs are well equipped and trained for operations sought in this exemption with two
being commercially rated pilots ­ one having an airline transport pilot certificate.

Communication and coordination with the appropriate FSDO will take place prior to operations, as
needed. Further coordination will take place, as required, with the Air Traffic Organization to obtain a
Certificate of Authorization (COA) prior to any operations granted in this requested exemption. Avant
sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as denoted in the
current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the
airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement
with that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the
Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

Avant's sUAS operations will remain clear and yield to the right of way of all manned aircraft operations
and activities (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities,
and hangliders).

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
Additionally, a grant of the exemption to Avant to operate their sUAS will be subject to the following
operating conditions. These are based in part on the operating conditions set forth by the Academy of
Model Aeronautics.

     Operations to be conducted over private, controlled-access, or public property where approved;
     Permission from the land owner/authority required before commencing any flight;
     Operations over congested areas shall be avoided to the extent possible;
     Operations must not interfere with manned aircraft operations, must yield the right of way to

         manned aircraft, and operators must See & Avoid other aircraft and obstacles at all times;
     Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight hours
     Aircraft operations must remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) and will be visually monitored

         by the PIC and/or Visual Observer at all times;
     All operations conducted within 5 miles from an airport shall only be initiated after verbal

         coordination with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is present at
         the airport;

Pilot in Command (PIC)

Any Avant PIC/operator under this grant of exemption will hold, at a minimum, a sport pilot certificate.
The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by
a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The
PIC will also meet flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is
rated on his or her pilot certificate.

Regarding Avant's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b)(1), the unmanned aircraft PIC/operator
will comply with applicable procedures and requirements stated in § 91.103(a) and (b). Specifically,
Avant PIC/operators will initiate all necessary actions including review of weather conditions, flight time
and battery requirements, aircraft performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before each
flight. Any site-specific conditions will also be planned and considered during preflight procedures and
considerations.

Radio Frequencies

Radio frequencies used will be those allotted by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for data
transmission and vehicle control in unlicensed frequency bands. All devices used will comply with FCC
usage and emissions regulations.

Safety and Benefits of the UAS

Avant plans to operate their sUAS in a variety of applications that generally would require flying
expensive, full-size manned aircraft to successfully conduct a mission or project.

Small, light, unmanned aircraft vehicles and their systems offer countless benefits over the use of full-
sized manned aircraft to numerous industries (see Exhibit 2) leveraging products from aerial surveys,

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
remote sensing, data and imagery collection. Replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying
flights crews and flammable fuel with sUAS that do not carry people creates a much greater margin of
safety for UAS operators and visual observers by contrast to a manned aircrafts flight crew and
passengers. The lower acquisition, operational, and personnel costs, in addition to reduced
environmental impacts such as reduced noise and emissions, through the use of batteries for power ­ in
lieu of fuel and combustion engines, are reasons why it is beneficial to the public for Avant to receive
FAA authorization to operate its unmanned aircraft.

Conclusion

For the foregoing reasons, and public benefit, the exemption requested herein should be granted and
Avant permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its manuals and all other operating
parameters deemed necessary and appropriate by the FAA.

Respectfully,

Sarah R. Collins, Ph.D.
President
Avant Unmanned Aerial Solutions, LLC

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
Specific Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety Showings

14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a) and (b): Civil aircraft airworthiness

(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

(b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that aircraft is in
condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight when unairworthy
mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Sections 91.7 (a) and (b) prohibit operation of a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. Avant
requests an exemption from this regulation because their sUAS would not operate with an airworthiness
certificate under the proposal set forth in this filing. Given the size of the aircraft and requirements
contained in the manuals for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, as set forth in
in the operators manual, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

The FAA has issued similar exemptions to this regulation, including to Tradecraft LLC, Exemption No.
11303.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133

Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as pilot in Command
of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot in
command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only
incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property
for compensation or hire.

Avant's proposed operations require that the unmanned aircraft PIC must hold at least a Sport Pilot
Certificate issued by the FAA. Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, it is believed Avant
meets the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct
operations for compensation or hire.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

Section 91.109 (a) provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon)
that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

Avant's sUAS are remotely piloted aircraft, and, by design, do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a remote control and transmitters that communicates
with the aircraft via radio communications. Completing instruction through the Avant training program
will ensure an equivalent level of safety. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.
See Exemption Nos. 5778K and 9862A.

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
14 C.F.R § 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes

Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following
altitudes:

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water
or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein by Avant, their sUAS will never operate at an altitude higher than 400 feet AGL. Due
to the nature of work proposed for remote sensing, aerial surveys, data and imagery collection this work
necessitates flights at relatively low altitudes, i.e. less than 500 feet AGL, and an exemption from Section
91.119(c) is needed. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight speed, and
material with which Avant's sUAS are built. Additional consideration will be given prior to flights such as
communication and permission with the land owner or the party controlling the land. With advance
notice, all affected individuals will be aware of Avant's remote sensing, aerial surveys, data and imagery
collection. Compared to similar operations conducted with conventional aircraft or rotorcraft, which
weigh thousands of pounds and carry flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be
far less than those currently allowed with such conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL.
The FAA has approved exemptions for minimum safe altitudes to Chustz Surveying ­ Exemption No.
11285.

14 C.F.R § 91.121 ­ Altimeter Settings

91.121 requires aircraft to maintain a cruising level or flight level in reference to a current reported
altimeter setting. Avant's sUAS are not equipped with a programmable altimeter but rather determine
location and altitude via an onboard GPS. Additionally, since the E384 will be operating at or below 400
ft. AGL, there is no need to maintain hemispherical cruising altitudes for de-confliction with manned
aircraft. For these reasons Avant seeks exemption from this regulation.

An equal level of safety will be achieved through the Phantom, Inspire and E384 GPS, which provides
altitude and location data to the PIC via the ground control station. The sUAS Operations Manual,
provided as Appendices, specifically addresses monitoring altitude and GPS readings prior to
commencing flight operations. Combined with the fact that the aircraft's altitude will be visually
monitored by the PIC and Visual Observer, an equal level of safety is attained in lieu of referencing an
altimeter setting.

The FAA has approved exemptions for minimum safe altitudes to Pravia ­ Exemption No. 11166.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (b): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151 (b) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
The Phantom and Inspire series battery life provides at most 25 minutes of powered flight. Without an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.151, flights would be limited to 5 minutes or less.
Given the limitations on Avant's proposed operations, a lesser reserve for flight in VFR conditions is
reasonable. Avant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a) is safe and consistent with the
scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with 91.151 (a)). Operating the Phantom and Inspire sUAS without 20 minutes of
reserve fuel does not produce the type of risks Section 91.151 (a) intended to prevent. Given its weight
and construction material, the risks are less then contemplated by the current regulation. Avant believes
that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by the fact that their sUAS can safely utilize VTOL
capability to quickly and safely land within 3 minutes of an area within VLOS once alerted of a low
battery.
Similar exemptions have been granted to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

Part 91 Subpart E (91.401-91.417) ­ Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance, and
Alterations

These regulations provided the maintenance and inspections requirements in reference to Part 39 and
Part 43. 91.405 (a) specifically states that "no person may perform maintenance, preventive
maintenance, and alterations on an aircraft other than as prescribed in this subpart and other applicable
regulations, including part 43 of this chapter." Avant seeks full exemption from these regulations due to
the fact that these sections apply to an aircraft with an airworthiness certificate for which Avant is
already seeking exemption.
An equal level of safety will be achieved by using the Phantom, Inspire, and E384 Operations and
Maintenance Manuals (see appendices provided with this exemption request) which provide
instructions on regular and corrective maintenance. Avant's will be responsible for conducting and
logging maintenance in accordance with these procedures. Avant PICs test to confirm their sUAS are
suited for flight following any maintenance. Maintenance that Avant is not capable of performing, or
covered in these procedures, will be performed by the manufacturers.
Similar exemptions have been granted to others such as TradeCraft, Exemption 11303, Toledo Aerial
Media, Exemption 11288, and Skyphilly, Exemption 11256.

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
Appendix A - DJI Phantom Series Operation, Maintenance Materials

     Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual (EN) v1.8: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_User_Manua
         l_v1.8_en.pdf.

     Phantom 2 Vision+ Pilot Training Guide (EN) v1.1: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_Pilot_Trainin
         g_Guide_v1.1_en.pdf.

     Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines (EN, FR, DE and JP): http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/Smart_Flight_Battery_Safety_Guidelines.
         pdf.

Appendix B - DJI Inspire Operation, Maintenance Materials

     Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.0: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_User_Manual_v1.0_en.pdf.

     Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines v1.0: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_Safety_Guidelines_en.pdf.

     Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines v1.0: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Intelligent_Flight_Battery_Safety_Guidelines_en.pdf.

     Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual v1.0: http://download.dji-
         innovations.com/downloads/inspire_1/en/Inspire_1_Maintenance_ManualV1.0_en.pdf.

Note: Due to many materials linked above exceeding the maximum allowable upload file size on FAA's
exemption portal, this information is being provided in the form of direct links on the manufacturers
website. Please contact Avant if this information needs to be supplied by another means.

                                     2645 Twin Point Drive, Suite 101-A
                                               Lewisville, Texas 75056

                                        214.709.5882  avantuas.com
