August 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12341
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1040

Mr. Christon C. Skinner
Babiyo Enterprises, LLC dba Vivid Aerial Ascent
1802 Southwest Beeksma Drive
Oak Harbor, WA 98277

Dear Mr. Skinner:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Babiyo Enterprises, LLC dba Vivid Aerial Ascent (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Babiyo Enterprises, LLC dba Vivid Aerial Ascent is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Babiyo Enterprises, LLC dba Vivid Aerial Ascent is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
1802 SW Beeksma Drive
Oak Harbor, WA 98277
http://www.vividaa.com

April 6, 2015

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Attn: Mr. Robert Pappas

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Mr. Pappas :

Please consider this request for exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
being submitted to you pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) and 14 CFR Part 11. The specific regulations for
which this application is submitted are set out in Appendix A to this letter request.

This request is submitted by Babiyo Enterprises, LLC d/b/a Vivid Aerial Ascent
("VVA"). VVA requests an exemption to allow its to use of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision Plus, Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) in commercial operations for
purposes of aerial photography and videography; but only so long as such
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as
may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333 or Section 49 USC §
44701.
"Vivid Aerial Ascent" is the assumed business name adopted by Babiyo
Enterprises, LLC, a Washington limited liability company. The members of
Babiyo Enterprises are Christon Skinner, Paul Skinner and Justin Skinner. The
address of the company is 1802 SW Beeksma Drive, Oak Harbor, Washington
98277.

Exemption Request
Page 2 of 11
As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
operation of the UAS by the applicant for commercial uses and purposes that
would provide the following benefits:

1. Operations would be performed in an area of operation that limited in size,
         suitable to the specific use, in advance of flight. 

2. The flight would be planned in advance to minimize hazards to persons
         and property in the air and on the ground. 

3. The operator would reasonably limit or control access to provide safety to
         those not involved in the operation. 

4. Operation of a UAS in the particular application intended would provide
         significant safety, environmental and other enhancements not possible by
         larger sized aircraft. 

5. A member of the company with 80 hours of flight training from a FAA
         certified instructor would operate the UAS or directly supervise the
         operation.

6. The exemption will provide a beneficial and currently unavailable service
         to government organizations such as state and county environmental
         agencies, planning and community development departments and the
         general public in a manner that would serve the public interest.

Approval of this exemption will enhance the safe use and operation of unmanned
aerial vehicles and their incidental uses and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

It is possible to operate the UASs so as not to create a hazard to users of the
National Airspace System (NAS) and the public; or pose a threat to national
security if operation is done safely and responsibly. This applicant has
demonstrated a willingness to act safely and responsibly by not previously
engaging in unauthorized commercial UAS operations. The applicant has, in fact,
worked with, and is a member of, the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) and
the Association for Unmanned Vehicles International (AUVSI). In addition, the
applicant is a member of the Whidbey Island (Washington) Remote Control
Society, our local UAV authority.

VVA proposes that the exemption requested apply to civil aircraft that have the

Exemption Request
Page 3 of 11
characteristics of UAS and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These
limitations provide for at least an equivalent - or higher - level of safety to
operations under the current regulatory structure as the proposed operations and
represent a safety enhancement to the already safe aerial commercial
photography and survey operations conducted with conventional aircraft. And the
cost of providing the proposed photography and videography services through
the use of UASs will be substantially less than through conventional fixed wing
and rotor aircraft.

Those UAS's that the applicant intends and plans to operate are DJI Phantom 2
Plus rotorcraft weighing 55 or fewer pounds including payload. They would
operate, under normal conditions, at a speed of no more than 40 knots. The
principal construction material of these UAS craft would be foam and/or plastic.
Operations will be performed by a qualified UAS pilot in command ("PlC"), as
outlined below, to insure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public." Given the small size of the UASs
involved and the pre-planned environment within which they will operate, the
applicant believes that these operations fall squarely within that zone of safety
(and equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must,
by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately.
Also, operation in a researched (to include applicable NOTAMs), pre-defined
area, will prevent the possibility of a national security issue that might unduly
burden law enforcement and other agencies tasked with addressing any
breaches or threats in this area. We sincerely believe that the operation of UASs
by knowledgeable professionals with experience in the NAS, will actually serve to
enhance safety, add to the public benefit and reduce environmental impacts
related to current methods of aerial photography and survey, i.e., through the use
of conventional aircraft.

The following are the limitations and conditions to which the operator, or it's
employees, acting as UAS PIC, agree to be bound when conducting commercial
operations under an FAA issued exemption:

1. Safety will be the first and foremost consideration in any UAS operation. 

2. The UAS pilot will be a person with at least 80 hours of flight training from
         an FAA licensed flight training instructor or the UAS pilot will be directly
         supervised by a person with at least 80 hours of flight training from an
         FAA licensed flight training instructor.

3. The UAS FAA trained airman will be considered Pilot in Command (PlC),
         whether flying or supervising, and will be responsible for safe operation of
         the  flight. 

4. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC or an
         observer, in accordance with the statutory mandate under Section
         333(b)(1) and operated below 400 feet above ground.  A spotter/observer

FAA Sec. 333 Exemption Request
Page 4 of 11
         will be used to assist the PIC with constant visual contact of the UAS.

5. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS is designed to operate at speeds no
         greater than 40 knots.

6. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs., total. 

7. Flights will be operated during daylight hours in Class G airspace
         whenever possible. lf operation in  other airspace is required, the relevant
         controlling agency will be notified at least 24 hours prior to the operation
         and, if required, any necessary permission obtained. 

8. Flights will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements
         equivalent to Visual Flight Rules (VFR). 

9. VAA does not intend to operate within five miles of any airports. The DJI
         Phantom 2 Vision Plus, "DJI Vision App" software precludes UAS
         operation within five miles of any rated airport.

10. The UAS will at all times give way to any aircraft carrying persons. 

11. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS PlC and a spotter
         or observer. The observer, if required, and PIC will at all times be able to
         communicate by voice and/or text. 

10. Prior to a UAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of
         operation will include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the UAS
         will operate. Safety procedures will be established for persons, property
         and applicable airspace within the area of operation.

11. Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 20% battery
         power remaining as measured by the UAS or appropriate timing. 

12. lf equipped, and appropriate for the operation, UAS aircraft will utilize GPS
         navigation, failsafe, return-to-home (RTH) and/or flight abort safety
         features. 

13. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior
         to operation at each new location. All personnel who will be performing
         duties within the boundaries of the area of operation will be present for this
         briefing.

14. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from appropriate
         state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or

Exemption Request
Page 5 of 11
         other appropriate governmental agencies.

15. Written, to include electronic, and/or oral permission from the relevant
         property owners will be obtained prior to an operation.

16. The UAS pilot will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the UAS
         to be operated. This will include operation of the UAS both in normal and
         emergency modes of operation, and will include familiarization with the
         operation manual (or similar) if published by the UAS manufacturer.
         Training will also include types of maneuvers to be performed and the safe
         operation in relation to persons, property and applicable airspace.

17. The UAS PIC will establish a working relationship with a representative at
         the local FSDO with which to annually review safety procedures and other
         operations to further enhance safety.

18. The Phantom 2 Vision Plus controllers operate at a radio frequency
         spectrum of 2.4 Ghz and 5.8 Ghz. According to the manufacturer, the
         UAV's operating RF spectrum fully complies with FCC regulations.

Included with this application you will find a letter from the Executive Director of
the Oak Harbor Chamber of Commerce requesting approval of a UAS operation
that will aid in the development and promotion of the City of Oak Harbor,
Washington's tourism development. This project serves as an excellent example
of the benefits of using a UAS. Since no low flying, conventional aircraft will need
to be utilized to photograph the area and provide still and video content for
editing, this project represents just one example of the enhancement in safety
represented by the use of a UAS in certain applications as well as demonstrating
a direct benefit to the public interest by providing low cost aerial photography for
tourism enhancement and improvement of our local economy.

VAA also intends to provide aerial photography and videography services to
private and public organizations monitoring shorelines and other environmentally
sensitive areas. Specifically, VAA intends to provide video and still photographic
surveys of shorelines, wetlands, wildlife habitat, construction project and
development encroachment, and other visual measurements that will aid in the
management and regulation of environmentally sensitive areas. VAA is located
on an island that is in the northern part of the Puget Sound and which is a
gateway to the environmentally sensitive, San Juan Island Archipelago in
Washington State. The use of UASs in this particular application is particularly
appealing because of its environmentally friendly interaction with sensitive areas
and the minimal impact that such operation will have on wildlife, relative to low
flying, conventional aircraft.

FAA Sec. 333 Exemption Request
Page 6 of 11
The members and owners of VAA believe that the minimal size and speed of the
UAS combined with its smaller operating environment and the applicant's
experience in the NAS, as outlined, all provide an "equivalent level of safety" or
better when operating a UAS for the public interest as outlined in Section 333 in
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
lt is respectfully requested that the FAA grant and exemption to VAA as soon as
possible, to enable the Oak Harbor Chamber of Commerce and other similar
organizations as well as governmental agencies, to benefit from the reduced cost
and increased level of safety afforded by the use of UASs for aerial photography
and videography.
Sincerely,

Christon C. Skinner

Exemption Request
Page 7 of 11
                                Appendix A

 EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Babiyo Enterprises, LLC, d/b/a Vivid Aerial Ascent, requests an exemption from
the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that may
technically apply to the operation of UASs:
14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b)

14 CFR § 91.7(a)

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)

14 C.F.R. 91.103

14 C.F.R. 91.109

14 CFR § 91.119(c)

14 C.F.R. 91.121

14 CFR § 91.151(a)

14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)

14 CFR § 91.405(a)

14 CFR § 91.407(a)(1)

14 CFR § 91.409(a)(1) & (2)

14 CFR § 91.417(a) & (b)
Vivid Aerial Ascent's request for exemption includes the ability to operate
PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quad-copter unmanned aircraft system (UAS), and the
PHANTOM "Inspire1" for the purpose of conducting aerial videography and
cinematography to assist private and public agencies within the Pacific Northwest
area with damage assessment, ecological monitoring, project/land survey, and
municipality tourism promotion. In addition, VAA would like to provide
videography and photography and related services to real estate brokers and

FAA Sec. 333 Exemption Request
Page 8 of 11
agents to aid in the presentation of a more detailed and complete overview of
listed properties.

VAA seeks exemption via petition to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
from part 21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a),
91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations (14 CFR). As supplemental material, I have included
Phantom 2 Vision + (referred to as P2V+ throughout the document)

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital
letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-
sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches
high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional,"
as applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that-- (a) no person who holds a private
pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft. (b) a private pilot
may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to
that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or
property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is
in an airworthy condition. Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of
a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that aircraft is in condition
for safe flight and that the PIC shall discontinue the flight when an airworthy
mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there
is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
thereof.

Section 91.103(b) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with
runway lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance
information.

Exemption Request
Page 9 of 11
Section 91.109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:3 (a) Anywhere. An
altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue
hazard to persons or property on the surface. (b) Over congested areas. Over
any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly
of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. (c) Over other than congested
areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or
sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. (d) Helicopters,
powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface-- (1) A
helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
(b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies
with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
(2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less
than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the
elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available
before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes
[emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil
aircraft unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness
certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or,
for operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration
Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization
issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew.
Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner
shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and
shall, between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the

FAA Sec. 333 Exemption Request
Page 10 of 11
same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the
chapter.4

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an
aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by a person
authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection
for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that-- (a) Each
registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
specified in paragraph (b) of this section: (1) Records of the maintenance,
preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual,
progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance
of an aircraft. The records must include-- (i) A description (or reference to data
acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed; and (ii) The date of
completion of the work performed; and (iii) The signature, and certificate number
of the person approving the aircraft for return to service. (2) Records containing
the following information: (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each
engine, each propeller, and each rotor. (ii) The current status of life-limited parts
of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance. (iii) The time since last
overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be overhauled
on a specified time basis. (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft,
including the time since the last inspection required by the inspection program
under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.5 (v) The current
status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including,
for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and
date when the next action is required. (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §
43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and currently
installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances. (b) The owner or operator
shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed: (1) The records
specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold. (3) A list of defects
furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this chapter shall be
retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to
service.

Exemption Request
Page 11 of 11
FAA Sec. 333 Exemption Request
Page 12 of 11
