July 23, 2015

               Exemption No. 12122
               Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1588

Mr. J. David Barton
Barton Ventures, Inc.
3049 Bay Shore Lane
Suffolk, VA 23435

Dear Mr. Barton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Barton Ventures, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial video
and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Barton Ventures, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Barton Ventures, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                            DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                          FEDERALAVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                         WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulator Docket No. ______________

            IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                        Barton Ventures, Inc

 FORN AN EXEMPTION SEEING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113(a)
& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND
91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF UNMANNED

                                              AIRCRAFT
                               PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
              THE FAA MODERNIZAION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                       (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                        Submitted on April 30, 2015
                                                                        Barton Ventures, Inc.
                                                                        3049 Bay Shore Lane
                                                                        Suffolk, VA 23435
                                                                        Tel: (757) 572-7060

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ...........................................................................................3
SUMMARY ....................................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTEREST OF THE PETITIONER ................................................4
BACKGROUND ............................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ...............................................................................................................5
CONCLUSION............................................................................................................................ 29

                                                     2
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC          Above Ground Level
ATO          Area of Interest 
AV           Air Traffic Control 
BVI          Air Traffic Organization
CFR          Aerial Vehicle
COA          Barton Ventures, Inc.
FAA          Code of Federal Regulations
FAR          Certificate of Authorization
GCS          Federal Aviation Administration
GPS          Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL          Ground Control Station
NAS          Global Positioning System
NOTAM        Loss of Link 
PIC          National Airspace System
RPA          Notice to Airman
Section 333  Pilot In Command
             Remotely Piloted Aircraft
SO           FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
SOP          Safety Observer 
UA           Standard Operating Procedures 
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft 
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft System 
VLOS         Visual Flight Rules 
VMC          Visual Line of Site 
VTOL         Visual Meteorological Conditions 
             Vertical Takeoff and Landing

             3
                                              SUMMARY
         Barton Ventures, Inc (BVI) seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
§§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) pursuant to
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This
exemption will permit BVI to operate a Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA) or UAS for the
commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of construction sites,
real estate property, film sets and natural landscapes in the United States.

              INTRODUCTION AND INTEREST OF THE PETITIONER
         BVI was founded by J. David Barton, a professional with more than twelve years
experience in the commercial UAS market. Mr. Barton's work has pioneer systems to
enable on-board, as well as Ground Control Station (GCS) based systems for processing,
storing and disseminating of data collected via RPA or UAS systems by the United States
Government. Technology developed by Mr. Barton is operationally deployed on systems
supporting the Global War on Terror for the United States Government. In addition to
the unique industry specific, Mr. Barton has sixteen years of Information Technology
experience that includes wireless communication systems, networking systems and
multimedia systems. Legal, hobby model aircraft operation has been a passion for Mr.
Barton and in such he has owned a number of fixed wing and multirotor platforms. He
has significant experience in safely operating model aircraft. Mr. Barton founded BVI to
apply his vast knowledge and experience of Information Technology as well as UAS data
and systems to civilian commercial products and services in multiple markets. The
products and services of BVI is positioned to be an end-to-end spectrum of software

                                                     4
products, services or data products that can be purchased digitally or physically. Our
products and services can be collection and delivery of raw data from UAS, post
processed data collected from UAS, analysis of data collected from UAS, UAS training,
geotagged digital photos or digital full motion video. The products and services can be
utilized in a number of commercial applications to include, but not limited to agriculture,
mapping, surveying, motion picture filming, marketing, real estate , research and
development as well as search and rescue. It is the mission of BVI to provide these
aforementioned products and services for commercial profit and non-profit projects.

                                           BACKGROUND
         BVI seeks an exemption to operate a UAS platform from DJI for commercial
purposes in the United States National Airspace System. BVI will maintain a number of
small UAS that are from DJI. The primary platform desired for use is the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ platform, a multirotor platform with Vertical Takeoff and Landing (VTOL)
capabilities controlled by operators maintaining Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) with a GCS
application running on a mobile device or table to provide the aerial vehicle's (AV)
telematics data to include, but not limited to; altitude above ground level (AGL), speed,
heading and batter level. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, while having a length of 16 inches width of 16
inches, height of 8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots. 

                                      BASIS FOR PETITION

                                                     5
         Petitioner, BVI, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
(14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in the NAS, and
for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, BVI's operation of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
UASs meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Accordingly, BVI requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         BVI submits that the requested relief is proper, as an equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. BVI will ensure all safety and maintenance procedures outline by the
UAS manufacture are complied with. Only authorized personnel or technicians will
perform maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the operating documents provided by the UAS manufacture. All
maintenance will be logged in the UAS maintenance record maintained by BVI.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private
pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by BVI to the extent
necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level
certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by

                                                     6
meeting minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         BVI seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, BVI submits that all maintenance
and care will be conducted to will ensure the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is in an
airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UASs are in
compliance with the operating documents provided by the UAS manufacture, and that the
aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

         BVI seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA will not have a typical aircraft
barometric altimeter onboard. Altitude is measured using barometric and Global
Positioning System (GPS) sensors. The UA provides the information to the LOS operator
via a GCS application for real time flight telematics. The flight telematics aid the
operator ensuring compliance and safe operation of the UA within visual line of sight, at
or below 400 feet AGL, with the majority of flights at or below 200 feel AGL, will
ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

         Additionally, BVI seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. BVI submits that
granting an exemption will reduce current risk levels, as there is reliance on combustible
fuel for the operation of the DJI Phantom 2+. Operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+

                                                     7
UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight
rules (VFR) will ensure the UA is operated in a safe manner compliant with applicable
regulations.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, BVI provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption: 
1) Name And Address Of The Petitioner. 

         The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
         Barton Ventures, Inc.
         3049 Bay Shore Lane
         Suffolk, VA 23435
         Tel: (757) 572-7060
         email: bartonventures@icloud.com
2) The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which BVI Seeks Exemption.
    a) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b).
         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:
         i) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command

             (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
             hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.
         ii) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
             connection with any business or employment if--
             (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and 
             (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or

                  hire.
    b) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

                                                     8
Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:
         i) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

    c) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.
         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in
         part:
         i) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
             level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is
             set, when operating--
             (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
                  (a) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                      within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                  (b) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                      this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                      available station; or
                  (c) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                      departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                      departure.

    d) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).
         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the
         following:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
                  (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
                  and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph

                                                     9
             of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
             chapter[.]
e) Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1)
    Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
    rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:
    i) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
    ii) (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
         43.7 of this chapter[.]
f) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1) And
    91.409(a)(2).
    Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following: 
             (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may

                  operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it
                  has had ­

                      (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter
                           and has been approved for return to service by a person
                           authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                      (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                           accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

g) BVI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) And
    91.417(b).
    Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

                                                10
following:
i) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each

    registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
    specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
    (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and

         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
         approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
         airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
         The records must include--
    (2) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the
         work performed; and
    (3) The date of completion of the work performed; and
    (4) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft
         for return to service.
ii) Records containing the following information:
    (1) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
         each rotor.
    (2) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
         rotor, and appliance.
    (3) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
         required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                                           11
             (4) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
                  last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                  and its appliances are maintained.

             (5) The current status of applicable Airworthiness Directives (AD) and safety
                  directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

             (6) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
                  alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers,
                  and appliances.

         iii) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
             prescribed:
             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained
                  until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after
                  the work is performed.
             (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained
                  and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
             (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11
                  of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
                  aircraft is approved for return to service.

3) The Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks The Relief.
    a) Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks Relief From Section
         61.113(a) And (b).

                                                     12
    Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and
limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a
PIC holding a private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and
valid airman medical certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and
currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for
compensation or hire.

    This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a)
and (b) state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of
an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is
only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not
carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

    As set forth more fully below, BVI submits that an equivalent level of
safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS unless that PIC has met certain BVI flight-hour
training requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate
either the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with the
operations specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

    Further, BVI submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS,
conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be
incidental to BVI business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

                                       13
b) Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks Relief From Section
    91.7(a).
             Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is
    requested to the extent required to allow BVI personnel to determine that the DJI
    Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is in airworthy condition prior to every flight by
    ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the
    BVI Standard Operating Procedures (SOP), Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
    Phantom 2 Vision+ documentation).
             BVI seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UASs
    does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
    Subpart H. Therefore, BVI personnel will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
    UAS is in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating
    documents (i.e., Maintenance Logs, BVI SOP and manufacture documentation)
    prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for
    safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

c) Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks Relief From Section
    91.121.
             Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to
    allow flight operations of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ which utilize a barometric
    pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link
    to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the GCS. Since the
    FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be

                                                14
    reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), BVI seeks
    the requested relief as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA altimeter may be set on the
    ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field
    altitude, before each flight.

             Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14
    CFR 91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable
    conditions and limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an
    equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ is
    equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which
    automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior
    to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on the
    heads-up display of the GCS.
d) Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks Relief From Section
    91.151(b).

             Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
    conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery
    powered UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC),
    under visual flight rules (VFR). BVI seeks the requested relief as the UAS does
    not utilize traditional aircraft combustible fuel, rather the UAS is battery powered.

             Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI
    Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS operating documents, and BVI proposed operating
    limitations, ensure that BVI will safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom

                                                15
    2 Vision+ UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC),
    under visual flight rules (VFR).
e) Extent Of Relief BVI Seeks And The Reason BVI Seeks Relief From Sections
    91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).
    Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
    only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, BVI requests relief from
    these Sections because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS do not require
    airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333 for operation without an
    airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, BVI will only use authorized technicians
    to perform maintenance on the UAS using authorized methods. BVI will
    document all maintenance activities and keep the maintenance activity records for
    the BVI UAS.
f) The Reasons Why Granting BVI's Request Would Be In The Public Interest;
    That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

             Granting BVI's Petition will further the public interest by allowing BVI to
    conduct training for BVI personnel as well as other parties interested in proper
    and safe recreational or commercially operating of UAS, employment of small
    UAS is efficient and more economical for certain type of activities such as
    construction site photography, land surveying, aerial video and photography of
    real estate, special events, film sets, and landscape over certain areas of the United
    States.

                                                16
             Additionally, use of the small battery powered UAS will decrease
    congestion of the NAS for certain activities, reduce pollution, and provide
    benefits to the economy.
g) The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect
    Safety, Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least
    Equal To That Provided By The Rule From Which BVI Seeks Exemption.
    i) Reasons Why The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs Meet

         The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
         (FMRA) Section 333.

             In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
         associated with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, BVI's operation of
         the BVI UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require
         an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

             Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
         certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will
         create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
         national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in
         part:
         (1) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and

             not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the
             Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft
             systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before

                                                17
         completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act
         or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.
ii) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination
    under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
    (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
         weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated
         areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to
         users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
         national security; and
    (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
         airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
         Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems
         identified under paragraph (1).
iii) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this
    section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
    national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the
    safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.
    In seeking this exemption, BVI submits the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS can
be operated safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated
by: (A) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS; (B) the pilot
certification requirement; and (C) the specific operating limitations.

             A. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS
                  Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

                                           18
             The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS does not create a hazard
    to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
    national security considering its size, weight, speed, and
    operational capability. BVI UAS utilizes four counter-rotating
    propellers for extreme balance, control and stability that is aided
    by GPS and other on board sensors. In the event of an unexpected
    loss of communication with the UAS it will return to a pre-defined
    location at a pre-determined altitude AGL. If the UAS has returned
    to the pre-defined location and altitude with a low battery the UAS
    will safely land at the pre-determined location.
B. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.

             The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
    UAS is set forth by the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ manufacture is as
    follows:

             Battery
             5200mAh LiPo
             Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)
             1160g
             Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)
             Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
             Max Yaw Angular Velocity
             200°/s
             Max Tilt Angle

                              19
35°
Max Ascent / Descent Speed
Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Max Flight Speed
15m/s (Not Recommended)
Diagonal Length
350mm
Tilting Range Of Gimbal
0°-60°

C. Flights Of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs

Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating

Limitations.                                                
    a. BVI UASs weigh less than 55 pounds; 
    b. BVI only operates its UASs below 400 feet; 
    c. BVI UASs only operate for 5-25 minutes per flight;

d. BVI remote control pilots operate BVI UASs by visual line

of sight (VLOS) at all times. This requires the operator to

be able to use human vision unaided by any device other

than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-

issued airman medical certificate;

e. BVI remote control pilots have video backup should they
    somehow lose sight of the UAS; 

20
f. BVI UASs have GPS flight modes whereby they hover and
    then slowly land if communication with the remote control
    pilot is lost or battery power is low; 

g. BVI actively analyses electronic flight data and other
    sources of information to constantly update and enhance
    safety protocols; 

h. BVI always obtains all necessary permissions and permits
    prior to operation; and, BVI has procedures in place to
    abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential
    danger.

i. The pre-flight inspection by BVI personnel must account
    for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components,
    items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
    sections of the operating documents. 

j. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an
    airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the
    operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice to
    Airman (NOTAM) as required by the operator's COA. The
    letter of agreement with the airport management must be
    made available to the Administrator upon request. 

                     21
                               k. If the UA loses communications for a pre-defined period of
                                    time or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
                                    determined location within the planned operating area and
                                    land or be recovered in accordance with the operating
                                    documents. 

                               l. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses
                                    the lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as
                                    defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the
                                    FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
                                    Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation
                                    Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
                                    NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. 

    h) Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b)
         Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

    BVI submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and
(b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the UAS unless that PIC
has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the
PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

    Considering BVI's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set
forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to
those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship

                                                     22
skills necessary to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, BVI submits that the
additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not
correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for BVI's specific proposed flight operations.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         BVI will not allow any PIC to operate the UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated,
by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or UAS training and currency
requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a
minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of
UAS to be used for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour
requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days
(for currency purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight
experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an
equivalent level of safety during BVI's proposed operations. The Administrator has held
that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable
regulations would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:

                                                     23
         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for
         the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have
         accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours
         of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS
         pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the
         PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
         operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
         exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour
         requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model
         time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be
         included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour
         requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding
         90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-
         hour requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build
         proficiency in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed
         operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented flight experience that was
         obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this
         requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
         conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time.
         During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required
         to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.
Exemption No. 11138 at page 15. 
         Accordingly, BVI will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC

                                                     24
to operate the UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour
and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

    i) Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
         Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
                  The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be
         maintained utilizing pre flight SOP, BVI will ensure that the UAS is in an
         airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating
         documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.
                  Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a)
         specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those
         presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
         11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157,
         11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

    j) Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
         Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
                  The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be
         maintained because the altitude information of the UA will be provided to the PIC
         via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which
         downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and
         altitude. This altitude information, combined with BVI's operation of the UA
         within visual line of sight, at or below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety

                                                     25
    equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS
    equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude
    initiation point is automatically established by the UAS at ground level.
    The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
    circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109,
    11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160,
    11161).
k) Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b)
    Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

             A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety
    established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical
    specifications of the UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations;
    and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, BVI will
    ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered UA during daylight hours in
    VFR conditions.

             Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of theUAS;
    the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed
    operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R.
    Section 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the UAS provide
    audible and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAs experiences low
    battery voltage. At the critically low battery level, the UAS will descend and land
    automatically.

                                                26
             Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning
    Section 91.151 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical
    characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has
    been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed
    in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover,
    the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in
    circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
    Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
    11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158,
    11159, 11160, 11161).
l) Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a),
    91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely
    Affect Safety.

             In seeking this exemption, BVI submits that the equivalent level of safety
    with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established
    by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
    will be met as BVI will use only authorized technicians to perform maintenance
    on the UASs using the authorized methods, techniques, and practices.
    Furthermore, BVI will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI
    UAS.

             The UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents, BVI
    will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a),
    91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2).

                                                27
             Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety as BVI
    will only use authorized technicians to preform maintenance on the UAS using
    the authorized methods, techniques, and practices

             Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of
    safety established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all
    maintenance of the UAS will be performed by authorized technicians.
    Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the maintenance log.

             Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning
    Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
    establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics
    and operating limitations of the UAS are considered.

             In consideration of BVI's proposed operating limitations, the operating
    documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, BVI
    submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14
    C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a)
    and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances
    similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
    11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136,
    11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
m) A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The
    Rules From Which Stephen J. Tyler Seeks Exemption:

                                                28
         Barton Ventures, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
         & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Stephen J. Tyler
         Seeks:
         This exemption will permit Barton Ventures, Inc. to commercially operate an
         Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and
         photography over certain areas of the United States.

                                            CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, BVI seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will
permit safe operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing
BVI to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the UAS commercially within the
NAS.
WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, BVI respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit BVI to operate the UAS

                                                     29
commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain
areas of the United States. BVI respectfully requests that FAA exercise its authority to
issue the exemption sought by BVI pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726
(1958), as amended (the "Act") without delay.

                                                                        Sincerely,
                                                                        J. David Barton
                                                                        Barton Ventures, Inc.
                                                                        3049 Bay Shore Lane
                                                                        Suffolk, VA 23435

                                                     30
