June 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11963
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1185

Mr. Ben Hagarty
BenMadeIt, LLC
302 North Division
Cedar Falls, IA 50613

Dear Mr. Hagarty:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of BenMadeIt,
LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate
an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 vision+ and DJI Phantom 3
Professional.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, BenMadeIt, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, BenMadeIt, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    vision+ and DJI Phantom 3 Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  9

Project Officer: _______________

MR BEN HAGARTY
BENMADEIT LLC
302 N DIVISION
CEDAR FALLS IA 50613
Ben Hagarty
BenMadeIt, LLC
302 N. Division
Cedar Falls, Iowa 50613
(319) 239 - 7605
BenMadeIt@gmail.com

I formally petition the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption from part
21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119 (c) 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and
(b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR).

Outlined below are the descriptions of the parts, subparts and sections in which I
request exemptions and my reason for requesting the exemptions.

Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
"light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--
(a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
(1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b)
or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any
routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

(2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the
minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1)
during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in
§ 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under
§ 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers
or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall,
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft
that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of
the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a) (2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--
(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of
the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
to service. (2) Records containing the following information:

(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
appliance. (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
appliances are maintained.
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
when the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
§ 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
approved for return to service.

BenMadeIt, LLC's exemption requests from all listed above are noted below:

Unmanned Aircraft System:

BenMadeIt, LLC plans to operate the following UAS, the DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision+ and
the DJI Phantom 3 Professional, which is comprised of an unmanned aircraft (UA or
PHANTOM'S). The DJI Phantom 2 vision+ and the DJI Phantom 3 Professional are
quad-copter's with a gross weight of about 3 pounds each. Each UA is equipped with
four rotors that are driven by electric motors which is powered by batteries. The UA's
have a maximum airspeed of 30 to 35 mph.
BenMadeIt, LLC plans to use these UAS in aerial photography and cinematography on
farming sites, crisis situations with local law enforcement, enhancing real-estate listings
and other such tasks for businesses in and around the state of Iowa, which could
benefit from an aerial view for their planning of future expansions and/or advertising of
their products or business. For most businesses and realtors in the area, standard aerial
photography has been very cost prohibitive. The economic impact of being able to
assist these businesses using aerial photography would be substantial.

The use of this UAS in the above named applications greatly reduces risk to the public
and property as there is no fuel carried by the PHANTOMS, aircraft noise is greatly
reduced as opposed to a standard aircraft or rotorcraft both of which require numerous
passes or extended lengths of hover time to accomplish the same task as the
PHANTOMS can in only a few minutes. The PHANTOMS only weighs about 3 pounds
each and are by far a much smaller hazard to persons or property than a standard
aircraft or helicopter in the event of a catastrophic in-flight failure.

BenMadeIt, LLC's main priority is the safety of the public and it's property.

BenMadeIt, LLC makes the following representations of its operation in which to abide
by to ensure these exemptions if granted, will provide a level of safety at least equal to
existing rules: The PHANTOMS will only be operated by, Ben Hagarty, who has
completed at a minimum, 25 hours of documented flight time using the Phantom 2
vision+ and will soon have accomplished a minimum of 25 hours of documented flight
time using the Phantom 3 Professional. All flying hours completed have been as a UAV
hobbyist, with the focus of:

  . a) Collision avoidance

  . b) Loss of C2 link procedures as outlined in the Operators manual for the
         Phantom 2 Vision + and soon to be Phantom 3 Professional.

  . c) Identification of inflight hazards i.e. aerial wires, birds in the area, changing
         weather etc.

  . d) Estimating distance from objects, persons, vehicles and vessels.

  . e) Communication with the spotter(s)

  . f) Completed the DJI Phantom 2 vision+ (and soon to be DJI Phantom 3
         Professional) pilot training guide maneuvers and skills.

  . g) The ability to recognize persons or objects that are not part of the intended
         and permitted part of the project that enter the 500 foot operational area unless
         such persons or objects are deemed permitted by the owner or controller of the
         property or area and the PIC (pilot in command) makes a safety assessment of
         the risk of operating closer and it does not pose undue or significant risk.
  . h) The ability to quickly and safely land the PHANTOMS in the event of intrusion
         into the safe zone.

  . 1.) A complete pre flight systematic check by the PIC (pilot in command) of the
         PHANTOMS physical condition, i.e. props, landing gear, position indicator lights,
         battery capacity, battery level of UAV and remote, and overall airframe condition.
         If any of the above are not within the manufacturers minimum standards no flight
         will take place until such time as the issue(s) is repaired to manufacturers
         standards.

  . 2.) Written documentation of each physical inspection and repairs if any, by the
         PIC (pilot in command) will be kept with the Phantom and will be on-site and
         available for review.

  . 3.) Software in relation to both PHANTOMS operation will be checked for proper
         function. The most current DJI vision APP/DJI Pilot APP and the current firmware
         will be installed to assure the most up to date safety features.

  . 4.) Prior to every flight, the compass on the PHANTOMS will be calibrated as to
         ensure precise location.

  . 5.) BenMadeIt, LLC will ensure the altimeter setting on the PHANTOMS is that of
         AGL (above ground level) rather than GPS or barometric pressure derived
         settings.

  . 6.) Every safety feature offered through the DJI vision APP/DJI Pilot APP will be
         enabled for every flight, every time.

Listed are the following safety features:
         (6) Enable ground station
         (7) Compass calibration 
         (8) Low battery auto go home
         (9) Dynamic home point
         (10) Current RTH (return to home) altitude (AGL)

         (14) Low battery alarm 

         7.) Use of the DJI Ground Station GUI (graphical user interface)
         Of particular interest are the following:
         [3] Flight attitude and radar function
         [4] Flight parameters-RTH (return to home) altitude, horizontal distance from
         home point, altitude-vertical distance from home point, speed-horizontal flying
         speed.
         [6] Flight Battery Level indication
         [7} There is a built in preflight checklist within the DJI vision APP/DJI Pilot APP
         which is and will be completed prior to each flight. 
         [8] Aircraft GPS Status - BenMadeIt, LLC's PHANTOMS will not fly with less than
         (7) GPS Satellites available.
         [14] Hide or show flight parameters- BenMadeIt LLC's PHANTOMS will ALWAYS
         fly with parameters displayed in order to assist in maintaining safe distances from
         persons and objects and to adhere to the flight plan.

  . 8.) BenMadeIt, LLC will operate with a minimum of (1) one, trained spotter for
         every flight. "Trained" meaning familiarization with the PHANTOMS, its abilities
         according to the operators' manual as well as the abilities of PIC. Spotters will
         participate in documented training developed in-house prior to being allowed on
         the flight line. Training will consist of, at a minimum the following:

a) The ability to roughly identify minimum distance from objects
    b) The ability to quickly recognize unusual flight maneuvers/attitudes of the
    PHANTOMS
    c) The ability to communicate with the PIC the visual limitations and to never let the
    PHANTOMS out of the visual capabilities of the PIC and the spotter(s).
    d) The ability to recognize persons or objects that are not part of the intended and
    permitted part of the project that enter the 500 foot operational area unless such
    persons and objects are deemed permitted by the owner or controller of the property
    or area and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating at a closer
    range and it does not pose undue or significant risk to those persons or objects.
    e) The ability to accurately describe to the PIC, the orientation of the PHANTOMS in
    relation to the pre-set home point as well as the direction of travel.
    f) The training will take place under strict, safe conditions away from persons or
    large obstacles. I.e. large open fields.

9.) Prior to each flight, the PIC and the Spotter(s) will perform a pre-flight briefing
detailing the estimated flight distance, estimated flight level AGL and the goal of the
particular flight. Each preflight briefing will be documented by the PIC to include flight
details, pilot name, spotter(s) name, weather details, time and date.

Written and/or verbal consent will be obtained from the person/business requesting the
flight.

A post-flight briefing will also be conducted and documented with the PIC and the
spotter.

The Documented Pre-flight, the raw pictures and/or the raw video footage as well as the
post-flight brief and written consent will be kept by BenMadeIt, LLC for a period of at
least (2) years.
BenMadeIt, LLC believes that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the PHANTOMS, requests an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart
H (Airworthiness Certificates) and § 91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject
to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an
equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section
333).

BenMadeIt, LLC requests exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the aircraft. The
PHANTOMS do not have a cabin, does not have a cockpit or a pilot station. Minimum
sized lettering and wording are difficult to place on the PHANTOMS. BenMadeIt, LLC
will however affix a sticker on the unit which will contain contact information for the
company in case of aircraft loss.

BenMadeIt, LLC requests an exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (2)
and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance inspections and feel it should be granted since they
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. BenMadeIt, LLC has developed
maintenance inspections and documentation methods for the PHANTOMS from
personal experience as well as the manufacturer's user manuals.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC) Under § 61.113 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to
non-commercial operations.

BenMadeIt, LLC requests relief from § 91.119(c) because the aircraft will be operated at
altitudes below 300 feet AGL. Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes: over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500
feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
vehicle, or structure. BenMadeIt, LLC will operate pursuant to the following restrictions
related to § 91.119:

-Operate in reasonably safe environments that are closely monitored by ground
assistants and signage placed in locations that would be considered reasonable
locations for pedestrians, vehicles or vessels to enter the area.
-Within 5 miles of airports and congested areas. Congested areas will be defined by
VFR charts as well as by contacting the Des Moines, IA FSDO (flight standards district
office).

- Conduct all operations under BenMadeIt, LLC's guidelines contained in the operating
documents and will analyze flight data and other sources of information such as the
manufacturer's website to constantly update and enhance safety.
-Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of
estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information
deemed important by the airport.
- Always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation. Permissions include but
are not limited to a (COA) and a request for a (NOTAM) as well as permission from the
property owner or person in control of the property and when practical, will be in writing
and kept on file for 2 years for review. If it's not possible to obtain written permission, the
PIC will document in writing how permission was obtained i.e. phone call with date, time
and party information.

BenMadeIt, LLC requests relief from 14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings. BenMadeIt,
LLC's PHANTOMS have a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities.
The FAA requires any altitude reported to ATC to be in feet AGL. BenMadeIt, LLC will
set the altimeter on the PHANTOMS to zero feet AGL rather than local barometric
pressure or field altitude before flight.

BenMadeIt, LLC requests relief from § 91.151 (a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions based on the following:

No fuel is used in the PHANTOMS as they are battery operated. Batteries have, in our
experience have about 25 minutes of quality flying time. In the interest of safety,
BenMadeIt, LLC generally lands with 35% of battery remaining which gives about 15 -
20 minutes of flying time per battery. The PHANTOMS have an audible battery state
warning system. BenMadeIt, LLC will always follow the manufactures minimum battery
warning which is 30% remaining. There is also an on-screen warning of low battery
reading, `Return to Home' and that message is announced if flight distance has
exceeded battery capacity. In this event, an emergency landing would be made as soon
as safe and practical. The PHANTOMS also have an automated function which results
in immediate landing when a low battery is detected. Researching previous relief
requests, relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than prescribed
minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar UAS-
specific relief has been granted in exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime,
VFR conditions. BenMadeIt, LLC will adhere to all VFR minimums as well as VMC
conditions when planning and/or executing any flights. There is little purpose for aerial
video or pictures if the weather is less than desirable. Following VFR minimum
standards will at least ensure a safe flight. Wind and forecast weather will be a key in
deciding suitable conditions. Local weather can be attained from the nearest airport by
using AWOS. No flight will take place in any condition that would potentially be outside
of the PHANTOMS capabilities in wind. BenMadeIt, LLC will always fly within its 30%
minimum remaining battery life at its first intended landing point.

BenMadeIt, LLC will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations. BenMadeIT, LLC will also
request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
than 48 hours prior to the operation.

If there are any areas that have not been addressed, please contact me for
supplemental information.
Thank you for your time,

Ben Hagarty
BenMadeIt, LLC
302 N. Division
Cedar Falls, Iowa 50613
(319) 239 - 7605
BenMadeIt@gmail.com
