September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12789
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1958

Mr. David Lyman
President & CEO
BetterView Marketplace, Inc.
1250 Jones Street, #1402
San Francisco, CA 94109

Dear Mr. Lyman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of BetterView Marketplace, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI
Inspire 1, and 3D Robotics Iris+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, BetterView Marketplace, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, BetterView Marketplace, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and 3D Robotics Iris+ when weighing less than
         55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
         new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                      
                                                                      
 
                                                 David Lyman 
                                            President & CEO 
                             BetterView Marketplace, Inc. 
                                     1250 Jones St., #1402 
                                 San Francisco, CA 94109 
                                          +1 (415) 9673227 
                                          dlyman@better.vu 

                                                                      

May 14, 2015 
 
U.S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Operations, M30 
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE 
Room Wl2140, West Building Ground Floor 
Washington, DC 205900001 
 
Re:  Petition  of  BetterView  Marketplace, Inc.  for  an  Exemption Pursuant to  Section 

         333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  to  Operate  Unmanned 
         Aircraft Systems 
 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") 
and  14  C.F.R.  Part 11,  BetterView  Marketplace,  Inc.  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  Federal 
Aviation  Regulations  identified  below  to  allow  for  the  commercial  operation  of  the  DJI 
Phantom  2  ("Phantom  2"),  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+  ("Phantom  2  Vision+"),  DJI  Inspire  1 
("Inspire  1"),  and  3D  Robotics  Iris+  ("Iris+")  (collectively,  the  "sUAS")  unmanned  aircraft 
systems for aerial data collection. 
 
BetterView requests that the FAA review this petition pursuant to its "summary grant" process 
as  the  FAA has already granted exemptions similar in all material respects to this petition to 
use the Phantom 2, Phantom 2 Vision+, Inspire 1, and Iris+ for aerial data collection. See FAA 
Grant of Exemption Nos. 11204, 11318, 11419, 11452, 11466, 11469. 
 
 
I.  REGULATIONS FOR WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED 
 
BetterView requests exemption from the following regulations:1 
 
·  14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H 
·  14 C.F.R Part 27 

1 As set forth in section IV.B.2, BetterView will operate under similar operating conditions as those 
required in the other grants of exemption, in which exemptions for certain FARs was deemed by the FAA 
as "not necessary." Accordingly, BetterView does not request FAA exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b), 
91.103, and 91.109(a). Should the FAA determine that relief from these or any other regulation is required 
for the operations proposed herein, BetterView will be happy to submit an amendment to this request and 
include justifications for those necessary additional exemptions. 

                                                                                                                            1 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

·  14 C.F.R § 61.113 
·  14 C.F.R § 91.7 
·  14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2) 
·  14 C.F.R § 91.119 
·  14 C.F.R § 91.121 
·  14 C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b) 
· 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b) 
· 14 C.F.R § 91.405(a) 
· 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(1) 
· 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2) 
· 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b). 
 
This  petition  incorporates  the  material  contained  in  the  BetterView  UAS  Operations  and 
Maintenance  Manual,  Phantom  2  User  Manual,  Phantom  2  Quick  Start  Guide,  Phantom  2 
Vision+  User  Manual,  Phantom  2  Vision+  Quick  Start  Guide,  Smart  Flight  Battery  Safety 
Guidelines, Phantom Pilot Training Guide, Inspire 1 User Manual, Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide, 
Iris+ Operation Manual, and Iris+ Flight Checklist (collectively, the "Manuals"). 
 
The Manuals are submitted herewith as confidential under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), because they 
contain commercial and proprietary information that BetterView has not and will not share with 
others,  is  not  available  to  the  public,  and  is  protected  from  release  under  the  Freedom  of 
Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq. 
 
 
II.  STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS 
 
This  petition  for  exemption  is  submitted  in  accordance with  Section  333  of  the Reform Act. 
Congress  has  directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft 
systems  into  the  national airspace  system."  Pursuant  to  Section 333 of the Reform Act, the 
FAA  Administrator  is  to  permit  operation  of an  unmanned  aircraft  system ("UAS")  where  it 
does not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system ("NAS")  or  the public or 
pose a threat to national security based on the following considerations: 
 
· The size, weight, speed and operational capability 
· Operation in proximity to airports and populated areas and 
· Operation within visual line of sight of the operator. 
 
Furthermore, the Federal  Aviation Act  grants  the FAA Administrator general authority to grant 
exemptions  from  the  agency's  safety  regulations  and  minimum  standards  when  the 
Administrator  decides  a  requested  exemption  is  in  the  public  interest.  See  49  U.S.C.  §§ 
106(f),  4470144716,  et  seq. A party  requesting  an  exemption  must explain  the  reasons why 
the  exemption:  (1) would  benefit  the public  as  a  whole,  and  (2)  would  not  adversely  affect 

                                                                                                                            2 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

safety  or  how  it  would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. 14 C.F.R. § 
11.81. 
 
 
III.  DESCRIPTION OF BETTERVIEW AND ITS SERVICES 
 
BetterView operates in the insurance and construction industries and is focused on facilitating 
building  and  infrastructure  inspections  through  aerial  photography,  videography  and  data 
collection.  BetterView  plans  to use  the sUAS for inspection and data collection services that it 
currently  provides  to  its  existing  clients  in  the  construction  and  insurance  industries.  The 
information  collected  by  the  sUAS  will  aid  BetterView inspect, monitor and oversee projects 
for its clients  across  the  country.  The  introduction  of  the  sUAS into BetterView's operations 
will  make the  inspection  process  safer  and  more efficient.  Importantly, use of the sUAS for 
inspections  avoids  the  involvement  of lifts,  ladders,  scaffolds and other equipment at a height 
above  the  surface.  Injuries  and  fatalities  of  individuals  performing  inspections  under  such 
conditions are welldocumented. 
  
BetterView  will  use  only  qualified  pilots  and  will  operate  under  the  FAA  333  Exemption 
requirements  and  limitations.  By  combining  the  latest  technology and automation with  with  a 
long  track  record  of  safe  and  successful  structural  inspections, BetterView seeks regulatory 
exemptions that will allow it to employ the sUAS in the aerial inspections of properties. 
 
Applicant Information 
 
The name of the applicant is: 
  
BetterView Marketplace, Inc. 
 
The primary contact for this applicant is: 
 
David D. Lyman 
President & CEO of BetterView Marketplace, Inc. 
1250 Jones St., #1402, San Francisco, CA 94109 
Phone: (415) 9673227 
Email: dlyman@better.vu 
 
 
IV.  DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATIONS 
 
BetterView  is  requesting  exemptions  from  applicable  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  (FARs) 
pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act to perform aerial imagery and data collection for 
aerial roof inspections. 

                                                                                                                            3 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

 
This  type  of  imagery  and  data  collection  is  currently  performed  for  BetterView  by  human 
inspectors  using  ladders  and  other hilift  devices.  Use  of the  sUAS  will reduce  safety  risks 
because  the  sUAS  will  not expose  inspectors  to  high,  slippery,  steep,  or  weather  exposed 
roofs. In addition, sUAS operations can be performed at considerable cost savings. The sUAS 
will  allow  for better  and  safer  imagery of facilities than can be produced by using an inspector 
climbing on the exterior of buildings. 
 
The  sUAS  operations  proposed  in  this  petition  are  similar  in  all  material  respects  to  relief 
previously  granted  by  the  FAA  in  Grant  of  Exemption  Nos.  11204,  11318,  11419,  11452, 
11466,  11469.  The reasons  stated  by  the FAA in granting the exemptions listed above also 
apply to this petition, and the grant of this petition is in the public interest. 
 

         A.  Aircraft to be Operated 
 

                   1.  DJI Phantom 2 
 
BetterView will  operate  the DJI Phantom 2 for aerial imaging and data collection operations. 
The  FAA  has  already  approved  the  Phantom  2  for  commercial  use in  FAA  Exemption  No. 
11318  (FAA  Docket No.  FAA­2014­1057) and FAA Exemption No. 11466 (FAA Docket No. 
FAA­2015­0262). The Phantom 2 is a battery powered quadcopter with a maximum weight of 
2.9 pounds. Maximum flight time is approximately 25 minutes. 
 
 

                   2.  DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 
 
BetterView  will  operate  the  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+  for  aerial  imaging  and  data  collection 
operations. The FAA has already approved the Phantom 2 Vision+ for commercial use in FAA 
Exemption  No.  11452  (FAA  Docket  No.  FAA­2015­0233)  and  FAA  Exemption  No.  11469 
(FAA Docket No. FAA­2015­0236). The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a battery powered quadcopter 
with  a  maximum  weight  of  less than  2.8 pounds.  Maximum  flight  time  is  approximately  25 
minutes. 
 

                   3.  DJI Inspire 1 
                    
BetterView will operate the DJI Inspire 1 for aerial imaging and data collection operations. The 
FAA  has  already  approved  the  Inspire  1  for  commercial use  in  FAA Exemption  No.  11204 
(FAA  Docket  No.  FAA­2014­0886),  FAA  Exemption  No.  11318  (FAA  Docket  No. 
FAA­2014­1057),  and  FAA  Exemption  No.  11452  (FAA  Docket  No. FAA­2015­0233). The 
Inspire  1  is  a battery  powered  quadcopter  with  a  maximum weight of less than 6.5 pounds. 
Maximum flight time is approximately 18 minutes. 
 

                                                                                                                            4 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

                   4. 3D Robotics Iris+ 
                    
BetterView will operate the 3D Robotics Iris+ for aerial imaging and data collection operations. 
The  FAA  has  already approved the 3D Robotics Iris+ for commercial use in FAA Exemption 
No.  11204  (FAA  Docket  No. FAA­2014­0886) and FAA Exemption No. 11419 (FAA Docket 
No.  FAA­2015­0185).  The  3D  Robotics  Iris+  is  a  battery  powered  quadcopter  with  a 
maximum weight of less than 3.7 pounds. Maximum flight time is approximately 22 minutes.  
 
         B.  BetterView's  Proposed  Operations  Demonstrate  an  Equivalent  Level  of 
                   Safety 
 
                   1.  General Description of Proposed Flight Operations 
 
BetterView proposes  to  operate within  the  limitations and performance specifications listed in 
the Phantom 2, Phantom 2 Vision+, Inspire 1, and Iris+ Manuals. These limitations provide for 
at  least  an  equivalent,  or  higher, level  of  safety  for operations under  the  current  regulatory 
structure  because  the  proposed  operations  are  safer  than  conventional  operations  using 
helicopters or  fixed wing  aircraft  which carry  an operator and flammable fuel. The proposed 
flight operations are similar in all material respects to operations already approved by the FAA 
and are therefore subject to the FAA's "summary grant" process. 
 
The proposed operations do not create any hazard to users of the national airspace system or 
pose a threat to national security. The aircraft are battery operated with a maximum flight time 
of  less  than  25  minutes.  The  vehicles  weigh  less  than  10  pounds.  The  vehicles  will  be 
operated  at  or  below  400  feet  AGL  within the visual  line  of  sight  of  the  pilot  in  command. 
BetterView's  operations  will be  over private or  controlled  access property with the permission 
of the owner/controller or authorized agent. 
 
Manned  aircraft  are  at  risk of  fuel  spillage  and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The 
proposed sUAS  carry  no  fuel,  and  therefore  the  risk of fire following an incident or accident 
due  to  fuel  spillage  is  eliminated.  Compared  to  manned  aircraft,  the  proposed  sUAS 
operations  will  reduce the risk  to  participating  persons in  close  proximity to the aircraft due to 
the limited size, weight, operating conditions, and design safety features. 
 
The  FAA  has  determined  that  the  risk  of  not  having  an  electronic  means  to  monitor  and 
communicate  with  other  aircraft,  such  as  transponders  or  sense  and  avoid  technology,  is 
mitigated  by  placing  limits  on  altitude,  requiring  standoff  distance  from  clouds,  permitting 
daytime  operations  only,  and  requiring that the aircraft  be  operated  within visual  line  of sight 
and yield right of way to all other manned operations. 
 

5 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

The  sUAS  have the capability  to operate  safely after experiencing certain inflight failures, as 
specified  in  the  Manuals.  In  addition,  the  aircraft  respond  to  a  lostlink  event  with  a 
precoordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver. 
 

                   2.  Specific Limitations on Proposed Flight Operations 
 
Given  the  small  size  involved,  the  restricted  environment  within  which they will operate, the 
procedures  listed  below,  and  pilot  certification  requirements,  BetterView's  proposed 
operations  using  the Phantom 2,  Phantom  2 Vision+,  Inspire  1,  and  Iris+ would  "not create a 
hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public or  pose  a  threat  to national 
security." Reform Act Section 333(b)(1). 
 

         1. Operations  authorized  by  this  grant  of  exemption  are  limited  to  the  DJI 
                   Phantom  2, Phantom 2  Vision+,  the DJI  Inspire  1, and the  3D Robotics  Iris+ 
                   (collectively, the "sUAS").  Proposed  operations  of  any  other aircraft will require 
                   a new petition to amend this grant. 

          
         2.  The sUAS weigh less than 10 pounds. 
          
         3.  Each  aircraft  will  be identified by  serial  number,  registered  with the FAA, and 

                   have identification (NNumber) markings as large as practicable. 
          
         4.  Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot in command (PIC). 
          
         5.  Prior  to  each  flight,  a  zero  altitude  initiation  point  will  be  established  and 

                   confirmed for accuracy by PIC. 
          
         6.  The PIC will ensure that before each flight, there is enough available power for 

                   the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least 
                   five  minutes  or  with  the  reserve  power recommended  by  the  manufacturer if 
                   greater. 
          
         7.  The sUAS will be operated only during daylight hours and in VFR conditions. 
          
         8.  Flights will not exceed 400 feet AGL. 
          
         9.  Flights  will  be  operated  at  a  lateral  distance  of  at  least  500  feet  from  any 
                   persons  or property not associated  with  the operation who have not given prior 
                   permission. 
          
         10.  Flights will be limited to a ground speed of 100 mph (87 knots). 
          

                                                                                                                            6 
                                                                                                                                                        

                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                                                                  

11.  Minimum crew for each flight will consist of a PIC and a Visual Observer ("VO"). 
         The  VO may  be used to satisfy the visual lineofsight requirement as long as 
         the  PIC  maintains  visual  lineofsight  capability. The  VO  and  PIC  must be able 
         to communicate at  all  times.  The  PIC  must be  designated before  the flight and 
         cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. 

 
12.  The  PIC  will  hold  either an  airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, 

         or  sport  pilot  certificate. The  PIC  will  also  hold a current FAA airman medical 
         certificate  or  a  valid  U.S.  driver's  license  issued  by  a  state  or  the  Federal 
         Government. The PIC will  also  meet  the  flight  review requirements specified in 
         14 CFR § 61.56. 
 
13.  Prior to the flight, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations for 
         the flight as well as contact information for the PIC. 
 
14.  The  flight  operations  will  yield  the  right  of  way  to  other  manned  aircraft 
         operations. 
 
15.  All  persons  who are not involved with BetterView's operations will be required 
         to be at least 500 feet from flight operations. 
 
16.  The aircraft will only operate over private or controlled access property with the 
         permission of the owner/controller or authorized representative. 
 
17.  The sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport unless a letter of 
         agreement is obtained. 
 
18.  All  required  permissions  and  permits  will  be  obtained  from  territory,  state, 
         county or city jurisdictions prior to flight. 
 
19. The  PIC  will  obtain  an  Air  Traffic  Organization  (ATO)  issued  Certificate  of 
         Waiver  or  Authorization  (COA)  prior  to conducting  any  operations  under  this 
         grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request issuance 
         of  a  Notice  to  Airman  (NOTAM) not  more than  72  hours  in advance, but  not 
         less than 48 hours prior to the operation.  
 
20.  If  the  aircraft  loses  communications,  it  will  have  the  capability  to  return to  a 
         predetermined location within the operational area and land. 
 
21.  If  the  aircraft  loses  its  GPS  signal  it  will  have  the  capability  of  being  flown 
         manually to a predetermined location within the operational area and land. 
 

                                                                                                                  7 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

         22.  The flight will be aborted in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies. 
          
         23.  sUAS operations will be conducted within the parameters of the Manuals. 
 

                   3.  Flight Recovery, Lost Communications, and Lost GPS Procedures 
 
The  flight  recovery,  lost  communications,  and  lost  GPS  procedures  are  more  fully 
documented in the attached UAS Manuals. 
 
 
V.  SPECIFIC FAR EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED 
 
BetterView seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 
61,  and  91  for  purposes  of  conducting  the  requested  operations  using  the  Phantom  2, 
Phantom  2  Vision+,  Inspire  1,  and  Iris+. Listed  below  are (1)  the  specific  FAR  sections  for 
which  exemption is  sought, and (2)  the  operating procedures and safeguards that BetterView 
has  established  which  will  ensure a level of safety better than or equal to the rules from which 
exemption is sought. See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (e). 
 

         A. 14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H  Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. § 
                   91.203(a)(1) 

 
The  FAA  has  stated  that  no  exemption  is  needed  from  this  section  if  a finding is made under 
the  Reform  Act that the UAS  selected  provides  an equivalent  level  of  safety  when compared 
to aircraft  normally used for the same application. These criteria are met with this petition, and 
therefore  no  exemption  is  needed.  See  Grant  of  Exemption  No.  11062,  Docket  No.  FAA 
20140352 at  1314, 22. If,  however,  the  FAA  determines  that  there  are some characteristics 
of the  Phantom  2,  Phantom  2  Vision+,  Inspire  1, or  Iris+ that fail  to  meet the requirements of 
the Reform Act, an exemption is requested. 
 
Equivalent Level of Safety: The Phantom 2, Phantom 2 Vision+, Inspire 1, and Iris+ are safe 
when  taking  into  account  their  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operational  capability.  They  weigh 
less  than  10 pounds and will be flown at speeds less than 100 miles per hour, and in visual 
line  of  sight of the operator. The UASs do not carry pilots, passengers, explosive materials, or 
flammable  liquid  fuels.  The  UASs  will  be  operated  within  the  parameters of their respective 
Manuals. 
 
The  proposed  operations  will  be at least as safe as, or safer than, conventional rotorcraft or 
fixed  wing  aircraft  operating  with  an  airworthiness  certificate  without  the  restrictions  and 
conditions proposed here. 
 

         B.  14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft 

                                                                                                                            8 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

          
14  C.F.R.  Part  27  sets  forth  the  procedural  requirements  for  airworthiness  certification  of 
normal  category  rotorcraft.  To  the  extent  the Phantom  2,  Phantom  2 Vision+,  Inspire  1,  or 
Iris+ would otherwise require certification under Part 27, BetterView seeks an exemption from 
Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption 
from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. 

          
         C.  14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations 
 
BetterView seeks  exemption  from  14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilots from flying 
aircraft  for  compensation  or  hire  and  would  also  require a  second  class  medical certificate. 
The  purpose  of Part  61  is to  ensure  that  the  skill  and  competency  of  any PIC matches the 
airspace  in  which  the PIC will  be  operating,  as well  as  requiring  certifications  if the  pilot  is 
carrying passengers or cargo for hire. 
 
While  the  UAS  will  be  operated  as  part  of  a  commercial  operation,  they  carry  neither 
passengers  nor  cargo.  In  the  Grant  of  Exemption  in  FAA  Docket  No.  FAA20140352,  the 
FAA  determined  that  the  unique  characteristics  of  UAS  operation  outside  of  controlled 
airspace did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC to 
have  a  commercial  pilot  certificate  and  a  class  II  medical  certificate.  The  FAA  has  also 
determined  that  the  required  knowledge for  a commercial  pilot covers  the same  fundamental 
principles as a private pilot. 
 
The  FAA  has  also  granted  exemptions  allowing  operations  by  people  who  hold  an  airline 
transport,  commercial,  private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate with a current FAA airman 
medical  certificate  or  a  valid  U.S.  driver's  license  issued  by  a  state  or  the  Federal 
Government.  The PIC must  also meet  the  flight  review  requirements  specified in 14 CFR § 
61.56. See FAA Exemption No. 11374. 
 
BetterView  will  ensure  the  PIC  will  meet  the  requirements  listed  in  the  above  paragraph. 
BetterView will  also ensure the PIC will have completed the manufacturers' training guidelines 
outlined in the Manuals. 
 
The  FAA  stated  in its grant  of  an  exception  to Astraeus  Aerial  the  "the  FAA  considers the 
overriding  safety  factor  for  the  limited  operations  proposed  by  the  petitioner  to  be  the 
airmanship  skills  acquired  through  VASspecific  flight  cycles,  flight time,  and  specific  make 
and  model  experience,  culminating  in verification through testing." See Exemption No. 11062, 
Docket  No.  FAA  20140352,  at p.  18.  The  proposed  operations  can achieve  an  equivalent 
level  of  safety  by  requiring the  knowledge  and  experience in  Phantom 2, Phantom 2 Vision+, 
Inspire 1, and Iris+ operations described above. 
 

9 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

The  restrictions  BetterView  has  placed  on  its  UAS  operations  meet or exceed the restrictions 
similarly  imposed  on Astraeus  Aerial  in  FAA Docket No. FAA20140352 and those listed in 
the FAA's "summary grant" process. 
 

         D.  14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)(b): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness 
 
BetterView seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be 
in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required to the 
extent  that  the  requirements  of  Part  21  are  waived  or  found  inapplicable.  Accordingly, 
BetterView requests that the requirements for Section 91.7 be treated in accordance with FAR 
Part 21 Subpart H. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 19. 
 
The  agency  similarly  found  that  relief  from  section  91.7(b)  is  not  warranted,  which  places 
responsibility  on  the  PIC  to  ensure an  aircraft  is  in a  condition  safe  for  flight.  See  Grant of 
Exemption  to  Astraeus Aerial,  Docket  No. FAA20140352, Exemption No. 11062, p. 19. To 
the  extent,  an  exemption  is  required  under  section  91.7(a)  or  (b),  BetterView  respectfully 
requests that the  FAA find compliance with  the  manufacturer's  manuals, the BetterView UAS 
Operations  and  Maintenance Manual, and requirements of the grant of exemption, a sufficient 
means for ensuring the sUAS are and remain in an airworthy condition. 
 

         E.  14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft 14 C.F.R. 
                   §§ 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 

 
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): 
 

         (b)  No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft 
                   ... 

 
                   (2)  For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 
                             of  this  chapter,  unless  there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a  current 
                             approved  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual,  approved  manual 
                             material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. 
                    

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): 
          
         (a)  Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it 
                   has within it the following: 

 
                   (1)  An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate... 

          
         (b)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate 

                   required  by  paragraph  (a) of  this  section  or a special flight authorization issued 

                                                                                                                          10 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

                   under  § 91.715 is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or cockpit entrance so that it is legible 
                   to passengers or crew. 
 
BetterView does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA that, 
in  accordance  with  FAA  Office  of  Chief  Counsel's  Opinion  dated  August  8, 2014,  the  UAS 
flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control station 
with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS operations, this 
alternate  method  constitutes  full  compliance  with  the  regulations.  See  also  Grant  of 
Exemption No. 11062, pp. 1920, and Grant of Exemption No. 8607. 
 
         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes in Uncongested Areas 
 
BetterView requests  an exemption  from  the  minimum safe  altitude  requirements of 14 C.F.R. 
§ 91.119(c). Section 91.119(c) prescribes that an aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 
feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.  The  Manuals  provide  for  BetterView 
operations  at least  500  feet from persons and structures not involved in the operations. The 
FAA  has  already  determined  that  relief  from  Section  91.119(c)  is  warranted  for  UAS 
operations  in  uncongested  areas  with  similar  flight  restrictions  as  those  imposed  by 
BetterView. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 2021. 
 
Equivalent  Level  of  Safety:  Compared  to  flight  operations  with  rotorcraft  or  fixed  wing 
aircraft weighing far more than the maximum weights proposed herein, and given the lack of 
flammable  fuel, any risk  associated with  these  operations  is far less than those that presently 
exist  with conventional  aircraft.  An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, 
weight, and speed  of  the UAS, as well  as  the  locations  where it is operated. In order to avoid 
any  risk to  aircraft,  flight operations will be  restricted  to  400 feet AGL or below. Other aircraft 
are  already  prohibited  from  operating  closer  than  500  from  structures  where  BetterView 
operates.  This  is  airspace  where  other  aircraft  do  not  normally operate. As  set  forth  in  the 
Manuals  and  herein,  the  UAS  will  be  operated  in  the remote  sites,  away  from  persons or 
structures  not  involved  in  the  operation.  All persons  who are  not  involved with BetterView's 
operations  will  be required to  be  at  least  500  feet from flight operations. This will pose no risk 
to the public because other aircraft are not operating in these areas. 
 
         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings 
 
This  petition seeks  an exemption  from  14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating 
an aircraft to  maintain cruising  altitude or  flight  level by reference  to an altimeter that is set to 
the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport. The UASs proposed here use both barometric pressure 
sensors and GPS  to determine  altitude  but do  not  have the ability to set in a current altimeter 
setting.  An  exemption  is  required  to  the  extent  that  the  UAS  does  not  have a  barometric 
altimeter setting. The altitude of the UAS is monitored by the PIC on the ground control station 
and by the visual observer. 

                                                                                                                          11 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

 
Equivalent  Level  of  Safety: The  FAA has  stated that an  equivalent  level of  safety  can be 
achieved if the aircraft will be operated at or below 400 feet AGL and within visual lineofsight 
in addition to GPS based altitude information relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of 
Exemption  No.  11062,  p. 2021.  As the  attached  Manuals indicate, the  UAS  will  be operated 
at or below 400 feet AGL and otherwise comply with the limitations in the Grant of Exemption 
No. 11062. 
 

         H.  14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
 
BetterView requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in 
VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states: 
 

         (a)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  conditions  unless 
                   (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to 
                   the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed  

 
                   (1)  During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or 

 
                   (2)  At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. 

 
Here, the technological  limitations on  the  UAS  battery  power  means  that  no meaningful flight 
operations  can  be conducted while maintaining a 30 minute reserve. The aircraft are battery 
powered  with  a  maximum  flight  time  of  approximately  25  minutes  for  the  Phantom  2,  25 
minutes for  the  Phantom  2  Vision+,  18  minutes  for  the Inspire 1, and 22 minutes for the Iris+. 
The  PIC  will  ensure that before  each flight,  there is  enough available power for the UAS to 
conduct the  intended  operation  and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the 
reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater. 
 
Equivalent Level of Safety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided 
if  the  UAS  flight  is  conducted  under  daytime  VFR  flight  conditions  using  VLOS,  and 
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption No. 
11062,  p.  2122.  The FAA's  "summary  grant" process provides that the PIC is prohibited from 
beginning  a  flight  unless  there is  enough available power to conduct the intended operation 
and  to operate  after  that  for  at  least  five  minutes  or  with  the reserve power recommended by 
the  manufacturer  if greater.  See FAA Exemption No. 11374 (FAA Docket No. 20150091 at p. 
5). The  Manuals  here  provide  that  the  PIC  will  ensure that before each flight, there is enough 
available  power  for the  UAS  to conduct  the  intended operation and to operate after that for at 
least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater. 
 

         I.  14  C.F.R.  §§  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(2)  91.417(a)  and  (b): 
                   Maintenance Inspections 

                                                                                                                          12 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

 
BetterView seeks  an  exemption from the  maintenance inspection requirements contained in 
14  C.F.R.  §  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(2)  91.417(a)  and  (b).  These  regulations 
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 
C.F.R.  § 91.405(a)  (stating  that  each owner  or operator of  an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft 
inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this part  and shall between required inspections ... 
have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter").  An  exemption  from 
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an 
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS proposed here will not have. 
 
Equivalent  Level  of  Safety:  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  because 
maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with the Manuals. This includes 
maintenance,  overhaul,  replacement,  and preflight  inspection  requirements.  See  Exemption 
No.  11062  (FAA  Docket  No.  20140352,  at p.  1415) and Exemption No. 11374 (FAA Docket 
No. 20150091, at p. 4). 
 
BetterView will  follow the UAS  manufacturer's  maintenance  requirements. As  provided in the 
Manuals,  flights  will  not  be  conducted unless  a  flight  operations  checklist is  performed  that 
includes all of the aircraft's components. 
 
 
VI.  PUBLIC INTEREST 
 
Granting BetterView's  petition for  exemption furthers the public interest. National policy set by 
Congress  favors  early  integration  of  UAS  into  the  NAS  in  controlled,  safe  working 
environments  such  as proposed  in  this  petition.  By  granting  this  petition,  the  FAA  will  fulfill 
Congress's  intent  of  allowing  UAS  to  operate  safely  in  the  NAS  before  completion  of  the 
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. 
 
The  enhanced  safety  achieved  by replacing people with  ladders  on  steep,  high, slippery or 
unfamiliar  roofs  with  small  UAS  carrying  no  passengers  or  crew  and  operated  under  the 
specific  guidelines and procedures proposed by Petitioner gives the FAA good cause to find 
that the UAS operations enabled by the instant Petition are in the public interest. 
 
 
VII.  PRIVACY 
 
All  flights  will  occur  over  private  property  either  owned  by  BetterView  or  with  the owner's 
consent.  All  flights  will  be  conducted  in  accordance  with  any  federal,  state  or  local  laws 
regarding privacy. 
 
 

                                                                                                                          13 
                                                                                                            

                                                                                                         

                                                                                               

VIII.  SUMMARY FOR FEDERAL REGISTER 

 

Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  the  following  summary  is  provided  for  publication  in  the 

Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: 

 

BetterView Marketplace,  Inc. seeks an  exemption from the following  rules for the commercial 

operation of  a  small  unmanned  aerial  system  to inspect buildings.: 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart 

H  14 C.F.R  Part  27  14  C.F.R  §  61.113  14  C.F.R  § 91.7  14 C.F.R  § 91.9(b)(2) 14 C.F.R § 

91.119  14  C.F.R  §  91.121  14  C.F.R  § 91.151(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R 

§ 91.405(a) 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(1) 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2) 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b). 

 

The  exemption  will  enhance  safety  by  reducing  risk  to  the operator, the  general public and 

property  owners  from  the  substantial  hazards  associated  with  performing  equivalent  work 

using traditional conventional aircraft and rotorcraft. 

 

BetterView requests  that  the  FAA  grant  this petition  using  the "summary grant" process such 

that  publication  in  the  Federal  Register  is  not  required.  This  petition  would  not  set  a 

precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. 

 

 

IX. ATTACHMENTS 

 

Attachment 1:   BetterView UAS Operations and Maintenance Manual 

Attachment 2:   Phantom 2 User Manual 

Attachment 3:   Phantom 2 Quick Start Guide 

Attachment 4:   Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual 

Attachment 5:   Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide 

Attachment 6:   Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines 

Attachment 7:   Phantom Pilot Training Guide 

Attachment 8:   Inspire 1 User Manual 

Attachment 9:   Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide 

Attachment 10:  Iris+ Operation Manual 

Attachment 11:  Iris+ Flight Checklist 

 

Attachments  are  confidential  documents  submitted  under  14  C.F.R.  §  11.35(b)  and  are 

exempt  from  disclosure  under  the  Freedom  of  Information Act,  5  U.S.C.  § 552 et seq., and 

any  other  requirements  established by the  FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act). If 

you  have  any  questions  or  require  any  additional  information,  please  do  not  hesitate  to 

contact the undersigned representative of BetterView Marketplace, Inc.. 

 

 

X. CONCLUSION 

                                                                                              14 
                                                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                              

 
Satisfaction of  the  criteria  provided  in  Section  333  of  the Reform  Act    size, weight, speed, 
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line of 
sight,  and  national  security  considerations    provides more than  adequate  justification for the 
grant  of the requested  exemptions  to  permit  BetterView to  operate  the  UASs  proposed here. 
Furthermore, this  petition  warrants  review  by  the  FAA  under the "summary grant" process for 
immediate approval. 
 
Granting the  requested  exemption  will  benefit  the  public  interest  as  a whole  in many ways, 
including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human exposure to 
danger  (2)  improving  the  quality  of  services  BetterView  can provide to its customers and (3) 
decreasing operating costs compared with traditional aerial imaging. 
 
 

                                                Respectfully submitted, 
                                                BetterView Marketplace, Inc. 
 
 
                                      By  
                                                David D. Lyman 
                                                President & CEO 
                                                1250 Jones St., #1402 
                                                San Francisco, CA 94109 
                                                Telephone: (415) 9673227 
                                                dlyman@better.vu 
 
 

15 
