July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12196
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1609

Mr. Clark Cleverly
Bird's Eye View Photography
961 Alta Vista Drive
Craig, CO 81301

Dear Mr. Cleverly:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 4, 2015 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Bird's Eye View Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Bird's Eye View Photography is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Bird's Eye View Photography is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                              Bird's  Eye  View  
                  Real  Estate  Photography  Company  
  

                                                        961  Alta  Vista  Dr.  
                                                             Craig,  CO  81625  

                                                         Tel.  970-629-8890  
                                                    cpcleverly@gmail.com  
  
U.S  Department  Of  Transportation                                                                4  May  2015  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave  S.E.  
Washington  D.C.  20590  

Re:  Request  for  Exemption  under  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  and  Part  
11  of  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  from  14  C.F.R  21(h);  14  C.F.R.  43.7;  14  C.F.R.  43.11;  14  C.F.R.  45.11;  
14  C.F.R.  45.27;  14  C.F.R.  45.29;  14  C.F.R.  91.7(a);  14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2);  14  C.F.R.  91.9(c);  14  C.F.R.  
91.103(b)(2);  14  C.F.R.  91.105;  14  C.F.R.  91.113(b);  14  C.F.R.  91.119(b)  and  (c);  14  C.F.R.  121;  14  C.F.R.  
91.151;  14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  and  (b);  14  C.F.R.  215;  14  C.F.R.  91.403;  14  C.F.R.  405  (a)  and  (b);  14  C.F.R.  
91.407;  14  C.F.R.  409;  and  14  C.F.R.  91.417.    

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

   1  
To  whom  it  may  concern:    

Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  Reform  Act)  and  14  C.F.R.  
Part  11,  Bird's  Eye  View  Photography  (BEV),  an  operator  of  Small  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  equipped  
to  film  and  photograph  real  estate  in  rural  areas  in  the  state  of  Colorado  and  surrounding  areas,  applies  
for  an  exemption  from  the  listed  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  to  allow  commercial  operation  of  its  UAS,  
so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  within  and  under  the  conditions  outlined  or  as  may  be  
established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.    

Approval  of  exemptions  for  BEV  will  allow  commercial  operations  of  UAS  in  rural,  remote,  low  density  
areas  in  the  state  of  Colorado  and  surrounding  areas,  for  the  purpose  of  real  estate  photography  and  
videography.  The  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  has  significant  flight  time  with  many  UAS  especially  the  one  
listed  for  commercial  business  use.  The  requested  exemption  should  be  granted  because  the  proposed  
operations  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2,  a  small  UASs  that  weighs  2.9  lbs.,  inclusive  of  battery  and  payload,  
conducted  in  the  strict  conditions  outlined  below,  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  as  Congress  
intended,  while  still  allowing  commercial  operations.  The  lightweight  aircraft  covered  by  the  exemption  
are  far  safer  than  conventional  operations  conducted  with  manned  helicopters  and  fixed-wing  aircraft  
weighing  thousands  of  pounds,  containing  highly  flammable  fuel,  and  operating  in  close  proximity  to  the  
ground  and  people,  as  a  similar  UAS  has  been  previously  approved  in  Exemption  No.  11138,  Douglas  
Trudeau,  Realtor®.  The  seven  factors  Congress  directed  the  FAA  to  consider  when  approving  Section  333  
exemption  petitions  -  size,  weight,  speed,  operational  capability,  proximity  to  airports,  proximity  to  
populated  areas,  and  operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  ­  each  support  the  request.  In  particular,  the  
aircraft  are  small,  and  will  operate  at  slow  speeds,  close  to  the  ground,  far  from  airports  and  in  a  low  risk,  
low  population  environment.    

                                                                                                                          Thank  you,  

                                                                                                                      Clark  Cleverly  
                                                                                         Bird's  Eye  View  Photography  Owner  

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    

  

   2  
I.  Publishable  Summary    

Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  the  following  summary  is  provided  for  publication  in  the  Federal  Register,  
should  it  be  determined  that  publication  is  needed:    

Applicant  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  following  rules:    

14  C.F.R  21(h);  14  C.F.R.  43.7;  14  C.F.R.  43.11;  14  C.F.R.  45.11;  14  C.F.R.  45.27;  14  C.F.R.  45.29;  14  C.F.R.  
91.7(a);  14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2);  14  C.F.R.  91.9(c);  14  C.F.R.  91.103(b)(2);  14  C.F.R.  91.105;  14  C.F.R.  
91.113(b);  14  C.F.R.  91.119(b)  and  (c);  14  C.F.R.  91.151;  14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  and  (b);  14  C.F.R.  215;  14  
C.F.R.  91.403;  14  C.F.R.  405  (a)  and  (b);  14  C.F.R.  91.407;  14  C.F.R.  409;  and  14  C.F.R.  91.417.    

Approval  of  exemptions  for  Bird's  Eye  View  will  allow  commercial  operations  of  UAS  in  rural,  remote,  low  
density  areas  in  the  of  the  state  of  Colorado,  for  the  purpose  of  real  estate  photography  and  videotaping.  
The  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  has  logged  significant  flight  time  with  many  UAS  especially  the  DJI  Phantom  
2.  The  requested  exemption  should  be  granted  because  proposed  operation  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2,  a  small  
UASs  weighing  2.9  lbs.,  inclusive  of  battery  and  payload,  conducted  in  the  strict  conditions  outlined  
below,  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety,  as  Congress  intended,  while  still  allowing  commercial  
operations.  The  lightweight  aircraft  covered  by  the  exemption  are  far  safer  than  conventional  operations  
conducted  with  helicopters  and  fixed-wing  aircraft  operating  in  close  proximity  to  the  ground  and  people.  
The  seven  factors  Congress  directed  the  FAA  to  consider  when  approving  Section  333  exemption  
petitions  -  size,  weight,  speed,  operational  capability,  proximity  to  airports,  proximity  to  populated  areas,  
and  operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  ­  each  support  the  request.  In  particular,  the  aircraft  are  small,  
and  will  operate  at  slow  speeds,  close  to  the  ground,  far  from  airports  and  in  a  low  risk,  low  population  
environment.    

II.  Petitioner's  Contact  Information    

Bird's  Eye  View  Photography    
961  Alta  Vista  Dr.  Craig,  CO  81301  
Tel:  970-629-8890  
Email:  cpcleverly@gmail.com    
    

III.  Birds  Eye  View  Operations    

A.  The  UAS    

The  requested  exemption  will  permit  the  operation  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2.  The  Phantom  2  is  a  small,  
unmanned  multirotor  aircraft,  weighing  2.9  lbs.  inclusive  of  batteries,  the  propeller  guard,  and  technical  
payload.  This  rotorcraft  can  operate  at  a  speed  up  to  29  knots,  but  BEV  will  limit  the  speed  to  no  more  
than  22  knots.  The  FAA  has  previously  granted  Exemption  No.  11138,  allowing  commercial  flight  of  a  
member  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2  family,  the  Phantom  2  Vision+.  Exemption  No.  11396  for  Owlcam  LLC.  

  

  

   3  
The  UAS  will  have  the  following  specifications:    

Airframe:  DJI  Phantom  2  
Flight  Control  System:  Naza  ­  M  V2,  which  includes  the  main  controller  (MC),  internal  measurement  unit  
(IMU)  with  built-in  internal  sensor,  barometric  altimeter,  which  measures  attitude  and  altitude,  compass,  
GPS,  and  radio  receiver  (Rx).  
Transmitter  (Tx):  Futaba  T14SG  
Receiver  (Rx):  Internal  to  DJI  Phantom  2  
Data  Link:  2.4G  Data  Link  
Video  Link:  DJI  AVL  58  
Gimbal:  H3-3D  Zenmuse  Gimbal  for  GoPro  Hero  
Camera:  Go  Pro  Hero  4  Black  
Batteries:  3S  LiPo,  5200-mAh,  11.1V  
  

B.  Flight  Conditions    

The  UAS  will  be  flown  in  airspace  under  400  feet  above  ground  level  ("AGL")  and  under  controlled  
conditions  in  rural  areas.  The  majority  of  flights  will  take  place  under  100  feet  AGL.  BEV's  operations  will  
occur  in  rural,  remote  areas  in  Colorado.  BEV  will  avoid  congested  and  densely  populated  areas  and  will  
work  with  local  Flight  Standard  District  Offices  to  determine  safe  areas  to  fly  in.  BEV  will  only  operate  its  
UAS  in  VMC,  visual  meteorological  conditions:  no  less  than  500  feet  below  and  no  less  than  2,000  feet  
horizontally  from  a  cloud  or  when  visibility  at  least  3  statute  miles  from  the  PIC.  The  flight  crew  will  
always  make  a  safety  assessment  of  the  risk  of  every  operation,  and  will  only  operate  when  it  is  
determined  that  no  undue  hazards  are  present.    

C.  Flight  Operations    

BEV's  flight  operations  require  that  the  UAS  will  always  be  in  the  line  of  sight  of  both  a  PIC  and  a  monitor  
specialist,  who  will  also  act  as  the  visual  observer  (VO).  Flights  will  be  at  altitudes  of  no  more  than  400  
feet  AGL,  and  at  speeds  less  than  20  knots.  Despite  the  400  ft.  AGL  limit,  most  flights  will  take  place  at  an  
altitude  of  no  more  than  100  ft.  AGL.    

The  PIC  has  over  3  years  experience  with  RC  Aircraft  and  UAS.  Logging  over  100  hours  with  the  UAS  
specified  previously.    

The  day  before  an  operation,  the  flight  crew  will  visit  and  inspect  for  safety  the  area  in  which  operations  
will  take  place.  The  flight  crew  will  also  contact  any  neighbors  to  notify  them  of  the  filming.  The  UAS  will  
only  fly  over  land,  which  it  has  permission  from  the  landowner  or  landowner's  agent  to  fly  above.  The  
flight  crew  will  also  have  notices  to  leave  in  mailboxes,  informing  neighbors  of  the  planned  UAS  
operations.  The  flight  crew  will  also  conduct  a  safety  briefing  with  the  property  owners.    

Flights  will  take  place  on  parcels  of  land  that  are  at  least  approximately  an  area  of  half  an  acre  to  a  full  
acre.  Operations  will  not  take  place  in  congested  or  densely  populated  areas.  The  flight  crew  will  obtain  
all  aeronautical  and  weather  data  information  for  that  day.    

   4  
On  the  day  of  filming,  the  flight  crew  will  wear  florescent  shirts  or  vests  to  increase  visibility.  Prior  to  
leaving  for  an  operation,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  briefly  turn  on  the  UAS  to  ensure  that  everything  is  
connected  and  that  the  UAS  is  in  operational  and  a  safe  condition.    

Upon  arrival  at  a  location  for  filming  or  photography,  the  flight  crew  will  conduct  an  aerial  and  ground  
preflight  inspection.  

The  flight  crew  will  then  mark  off  with  stakes  and  florescent  traffic  tape  to  designate  the  aircraft's  "home  
area,"  which  will  be  a  circle  of  approximately  20  feet  in  diameter  to  mark  the  UAS  take-off  and  landing  
zone.    

Note:  If  the  radio  control  link  is  broken  during  flight,  the  autopilot  system  will  recognize  this  broken  
control  link  and  cause  the  UAS  to  automatically  return  to  the  home  area  as  recorded  by  the  GPS  
instrumentation.    

The  flight  crew  will  conduct  a  physical  inspection  of  the  aircraft  as  set  out  in  Appendix  D  of  the  
Operations  Manual.    

The  PIC  will  then  conduct  a  pre-flight  inspection  as  outlined  in  Appendix  D  of  the  Operations  Manual.    

At  any  time  during  the  flight,  should  the  aircraft  lose  connection  with  the  remote  control,  the  flight  
control  system  failsafe  will  be  activated  automatically,  and  the  aircraft  will  to  return  to  the  previously-set  
home  area  and  land,  in  order  to  reduce  injuries  or  damage.  If  any  of  the  following  situations  occur,  the  
aircraft  will  not  receive  a  signal,  and  enter  into  this  failsafe  mode:    

         ·    The  remote  control  is  powered  off;    

         ·    The  aircraft  has  flown  out  of  the  effective  communication  range  of  the  remote  control,  which  is  
         no  greater  than  1,000  meters  (3,280  feet);    

         ·    There  is  an  obstacle  obstructing  the  signal  between  the  remote  control  and  the  aircraft,  
         essentially  reducing  the  distance  the  signal  can  travel;  or    

         ·    There  is  interference  causing  a  signal  problem  with  the  remote  control.    

         For  further  information  regarding  the  DJI  Phantom  2's  failsafe  functions,  please  refer  to  Exhibit  1,  
         the  DJI  User  Manual.  

         The  DJI  Phantom  2  also  has  "no  fly  zones"  programmed  into  it,  which  will  prevent  flights  in  
         restricted  zones.  Although  BEV  will  take  every  precaution  to  avoid  flying  in  airspace  other  than  
         class  G  airspace,  the  preprogrammed  "no  fly  zones"  will  add  an  additional  level  of  safety  to  
         operations.  For  further  information  regarding  the  DJI's  "no  fly  zones,"  please  refer  to  the  DJI  User  
         Manual.  

         Other  than  this  automated  feature  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2,  the  PIC  will  always  fly  the  UAS  manually.  
         The  PIC  and  VO  have  tested  the  UAS  in  a  variety  of  weather  conditions,  including  on  overcast  days  
         and  in  winds  up  to  15  knots.  The  PIC  and  VO  will  never  fly  the  UAS  in  any  amount  of  rain,  due  to  
         decreased  visibility  and  the  potential  for  water  damage  to  the  UAS.  The  PIC  and  VO  have  also  

   5  
         practiced  emergency  bailout  procedures  by  having  the  UAS  return  to  home.  In  the  event  of  an  
         emergency,  the  PIC  will  release  the  joysticks.  This  will  make  the  UAS  automatically  hover  in  place  
         and  maintain  its  position  and  altitude,  and  the  PIC  and  VO  can  determine  if  and  when  it  is  safe  for  
         the  UAS  to  return  to  the  home  location.    

         During  flights,  the  PIC  and  the  VO  will  be  standing  next  to  each  other,  in  oral  communication  at  all  
         times  at  the  ground  station.    

         Flights  will  be  limited  to  18  minutes,  which  is  75%  of  the  total  battery  life  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2.  
         Once  the  UAS  has  landed,  the  PIC  will  conduct  a  post-flight  checklist  as  set  out  in  Appendix  D  of  the  
         Operations  Manual.    

  

IV.  Privacy    

There  is  little  concern  that  the  proposed  flights  will  cause  invasions  of  privacy  because  all  flights  will  
occur  over  rural  property  with  the  property  owner's  prior  knowledge  and  consent.  The  only  people  
and/or  property  to  be  filmed  will  have  requested  and  hired  BEV  for  the  express  purpose  of  filming  and  
photographing  the  people  and/or  property  with  the  UAS.    

No  attempt  will  be  made  to  identify  any  individuals  filmed  or  photographed  during  the  flights  who  have  
not  consented  to  be  filmed  or  photographed,  except  in  cases  where  they  are  trespassing  upon  or  
damaging  customer  property,  or  interfering  with  the  applicant's  or  its  customers'  operations    

V.  Aircraft  and  Equivalent  Level  of  Safety    

BEV  proposes  that  the  exemption  requested  herein  apply  to  civil  aircraft  that  have  the  characteristics  and  
that  operate  with  the  limitations  listed  herein.  These  limitations  provide  for  at  least  an  equivalent  or  
higher  level  of  safety  to  operations  under  the  current  regulatory  structure.    

These  limitations  and  conditions  to  which  BEV  agrees  to  be  bound  when  conducting  commercial  
operations  under  an  FAA  issued  exemption  include:    

    1. The  UAS  will  weigh  significantly  less  than  fifty  (50)  lbs.  The  DJI  Phantom  2  weighs  2.9  lbs.,  
         inclusive  of  battery  and  payload.    

    2. Flights  will  be  operated  within  line  of  sight  of  a  pilot  and  VO.    
    3. Maximum  total  flight  time  for  each  operational  flight  will  be  75%  of  battery  life.  Flights  will  be  

         terminated  once  the  battery  reaches  a  25%  level.  This  data  will  be  available  through  telemetry  
         data  submitted  to  the  transmitter  and  monitor.    
    4. The  UAS  will  remain  clear  and  yield  the  right  of  way  to  all  other  manned  operations  and  activities  
         at  all  times.    
    5. Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  AGL.  Despite  this  limitation,  the  
         majority  of  flights  are  anticipated  to  operate  at  no  more  than  100  feet  AGL.    
    6. Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of  the  UAS  PIC  and  VO.    
    7. A  briefing  will  be  conducted  in  regard  to  the  planned  UAS  operations  prior  to  each  day's  activities.  
         It  will  be  mandatory  that  all  personnel  who  will  be  performing  duties  in  connection  with  the  
         operations  be  present  for  this  briefing.    

   6  
    8. The  operator  will  obtain  a  FAA  UAS  Civil  COA  prior  to  conducting  any  operations  under  this  grant  
         of  exemption.    

    9. The  PIC  is  a  veteran  pilot  of  UAS  logging  over  100  hours  of  flight  time  with  specified  model  and  
         countless  hours  with  many  more  UAS    

    10. The  PIC  has  practiced  the  DJI  Phantom  2  for  approximately  100  hours  over  the  course  of    6  
         months.  Practice  flights  have  been  in  a  variety  of  weather  conditions,  including  in  winds  up  to  15  
         knots  and  on  overcast  days.  Practice  flights  have  also  included  using  the  DJI  Phantom  2's  
         emergency  return-to-  home  features.    

    11. The  PIC  and  VO  will  at  all  times  be  able  to  communicate  by  voice  and  be  stationed  next  to  each  
         other  at  the  ground  station.    

    12. Written  and/or  oral  permission  from  the  landowner  or  authorized  agent,  of  the  land  over  which  
         the  UAS  will  be  flying.    

    13. All  required  permissions  and  permits  will  be  obtained  from  territorial,  state,  county  or  city  
         jurisdiction  including  local  law  enforcement,  fire,  or  other  appropriate  governmental  agencies.    

    14. The  UAS  will  have  the  capability  to  abort  a  flight  in  case  of  unexpected  obstacles  or  emergencies.  
         The  PIC  and  VO  have  practiced  the  emergency  failsafe  procedures,  as  described  above  on  pages  6-
         7.    

    15. If  the  UAS  and  its  controller  disconnects  during  flight,  the  system's  failsafe  protection  will  come  to  
         the  rescue  and  the  UAS  will  return  to  home  and  land  automatically,  rather  than  flying  off  
         uncontrollably  or  landing  at  an  unknown  location.    

    16. Additionally,  the  UAS  that  will  be  used,  a  DJI  Phantom  2,  weighs  no  more  than  2.9  lbs.,  inclusive  of  
         battery  and  payload.  Approval  of  commercial  flights  as  outlined  in  this  petition  present  no  
         national  security  issue.    

         Satisfaction  of  the  criteria  provided  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  of  2012--size,  weight,  speed,  
         operating  capabilities,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas  and  operation  within  visual  line  
         of  sight  and  national  security  ­  provide  more  than  adequate  justification  for  the  grant  of  the  
         requested  exemptions  allowing  commercial  operation  of  applicant's  UAS  pursuant  to  BEV's  rules  
         of  operation  appended  hereto.  

VI.  Public  Interest  and  Safety    

Use  of  the  UAS  will  increase  ground  safety  by  eliminating  the  need  to  have  a  manned,  aircraft  take  the  
videos  or  photographs.  As  the  FAA  recognized  in  the  Douglas  Trudeau,  Realtor®  Exemption,  No.  11138:    

"Manned  aircraft  conducting  aerial  filming  and  photography  can  weigh  5,000  lbs.  or  more,  are  operated  
by  an  onboard  pilot  and  may  carry  other  onboard  crewmembers,  as  well  as  100  gallons  or  more  of  fuel.  
The  petitioner's  [UAS]  weighs  less  than  3  lbs.  The  pilot  and  crew  will  be  remotely  located  from  the  
aircraft.  The  limited  weight  reduces  the  potential  for  harm  to  persons  or  damage  to  property  in  the  event  
of  an  incident  or  accident.  The  risk  of  an  onboard  pilot  and  crew  during  an  incident  or  accident  is  
eliminated  with  the  use  of  a  [UAS]  for  the  proposed  operation."      

As  in  the  cited  exemption,  BEV  will  use  a  member  of  the  DJI  Phantom  family,  the  DJI  Phantom  2.  This  UAS  
also  weighs  2.9  lbs.,  inclusive  of  battery  and  payload.    

During  BEV's  operations,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  similarly  be  safely  on  the  ground,  directing  the  DJI  Phantom  
2  at  altitudes  no  higher  than  400  feet  AGL.  BEV  will  not  fly  over  congested  or  densely  populated  locations.  

   7  
BEV  flight  crew  will  make  a  safety  assessment  prior  to  each  operation,  and  will  only  operate  when  there  
are  no  undue  risks.    

The  small  weight,  2.9  lbs.,  is  less  than  the  size  envisioned  in  Section  334(c)(2)(C)  of  the  FAA  
Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  which  allows  government  agencies  "to  operate  unmanned  
aircraft  weighing  4.4  pounds  or  less,  if  operated  ­    

    1. (i)    within  the  line  of  sight  of  the  operator;    
    2. (ii)    less  than  400  feet  above  the  ground;    
    3. (iii)    during  daylight  conditions;    
    4. (iv)  within  Class  G  airspace;  and  
    5. (v)  outside  of  5  statute  miles  from  any  airport,  heliport,  seaplane  base,  spaceport,  or  other  location  

         with  aviation  activities."  

    Congress's  determination  that  government  agencies  should  be  allowed  to  operate  such  aircraft  in  
    these  situations,  with  no  further  restrictions  on  location,  population  density,  or  pilot  experience  and  
    training,  indicates  that  Congress  did  not  believe  that  aircraft  of  this  size  and  weight  warranted  
    additional  attention.    

As  the  FAA  recognized  in  Exemption  No.  1162,  manned  aircraft  can  pose  a  much  greater  threat  to  its  
occupants  as  well  as  to  individuals  on  the  ground.  Additionally,  a  much  greater  space  will  be  necessary  
for  takeoff,  landing,  and  operations  than  would  be  necessary  for  the  2.9  lbs.  UAS  that  BEV  requests  an  
exemption  to  use  and  may  render  filming  an  area  impossible,  due  to  the  rural  areas  BEV  wishes  to  
operate  in,  and  the  low  height  footage  BEV  wishes  to  shoot.    

VII.  Regulations  from  Which  Exemption  is  Requested    

A.  14  C.F.R.  21(h):  Airworthiness  Certificates    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  21(h).  This  exemption  meets  the  requirements  for  an  
equivalent  level  of  safety  pursuant  to  Section  333  based  on  the  small  size,  light  weight,  relatively  slow  
speed,  and  use  in  controlled  environments  on  private  land,  as  described  previously  in  this  petition.  In  
Exemption  No.  11138,  the  FAA  stated  that  the  Secretary  of  Transportation  has  determined  that  a  member  
of  the  DJI  Phantom  2  family,  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  meets  the  statutory  conditions  of  Section  333,  
considering  the  size,  weight,  speed,  and  limited  operating  area  associated  with  the  aircraft  and  its  
operation.  See  Exhibit  10  at  11.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV's  proposed  exemption  meets  the  requirements  for  an  equivalent  level  of  
safety  of  this  section,  pursuant  to  Section  333,  based  on  the  following  factors:    

    · ·    Small  size:  the  DJI  Phantom  2  has  a  diagonal  length  of  350  millimeters,  13.77  inches.    
    · ·    Light  weight:  2.9  lbs.    
    · ·    Relatively  slow  speed:  the  PIC  will  limit  the  UAS's  speed  to  20  knots  (23  miles  per  hour).    
    · ·    Operational  capacity:  currently,  the  DJI  Phantom  2  can  operate  for  25  minutes.  Flights  will  be  

         terminated  when  25%  of  the  battery  life  remains.  The  DJI  Phantom  2  can  travel  no  more  than  
         1,000  meters,  3280.84  feet,  from  the  receiver.    
    · ·    Proximity  to  airports:  BEV  will  only  operate  in  Class  G  airspace,  and  will  notify  ATC  and  the  local  
         FSDO  prior  to  operations,  as  described  previously.    

   8  
    · ·    Proximity  to  populated  areas  BEV  will  avoid  the  yellow  congested  areas  in  the  Colorado  
         Sectional  Aeronautical  Charts.  

    · ·    Operation  within  visual  line  of  sight:  The  PIC  will  always  fly  the  UAS  within  its  line  of  sight.    
    · ·    Location:  BEV  will  operate  in  rural,  remote  areas,  with  low  population  density,  in  the  state  of  

         Colorado  to  take  photographs  and  video.    
    · ·    Altitude:  no  more  than  400  feet  AGL,  but  the  majority  of  flights  are  anticipated  at  no  more  than  

         100  feet  AGL.    
    · ·    Restricted  area  in  which  the  UAS  will  be  operated:  as  described  above,  prior  to  the  day  of  

         filming,  the  flight  crew  will  visit  with  neighbors  to  inform  them  of  the  filming  over  the  consenting  
         landowner's  property.  During  filming,  which  will  occur  in  rural  areas,  the  flight  crew  will  set  out  
         stakes  and  florescent  tape  to  mark  the  "home  area"  for  the  UAS,  and  will  monitor  the  area  to  make  
         sure  no  one  comes  into  the  flight  area.  Should  any  nonparticipating  individual  enter  the  flight  area,  
         operations  will  immediately  cease.    
    · ·    Substantial  experience  of  the  PIC:  the  PIC  has  countless  hours  of  flight  time  with  UAS  and  over  
         100  hours  with  specified  DJI  UAS.  

B.  14  C.F.R.  43.7:  Persons  authorized  to  approve  aircraft,  airframes,  aircraft  engines,  propellers,  
appliances,  or  component  parts  for  return  to  service  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  
rebuilding,  or  alteration.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  43.7.  This  part  provides,  inter  alia,  that  the  holder  of  a  
mechanic  certificate  or  a  repair  station  certificate  may  approve  an  aircraft,  airframe,  aircraft  engine,  
propeller,  appliance,  or  component  part  for  return  to  service.  As  described  previously,  BEV's  flight  crew  
will  be  capable  to  repair  and  maintain  the  DJI  Phantom  2  to  meet  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  pursuant  to  
Section  333  for  the  type  of  sUAS,  its  intended  use,  and  the  rural  operating  environment.    

C.  14  C.F.R.  43.11:  Content,  form,  and  disposition  of  records  for  inspections  conducted  under  parts  91  and  
125  and  §§135.411(a)(1)  and  135.419  of  this  chapter.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  43.11.  This  part  provides,  inter  alia,  that  maintenance  record  
entries  be  maintained  and  for  the  listing  of  discrepancies  and  placards  by  inspectors.  The  UAS,  due  to  its  
small  size,  does  not  have  room  for  placards  to  be  placed  in  or  on  it  and  no  inspections  for  UAS  have  been  
certified  by  FAA  at  the  present  time.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  keep  log  books  of  all  maintenance  and  repairs  at  the  ground  station,  as  
envisioned  in  the  FAA  Memorandum  subject,  "Interpretation  regarding  whether  certain  required  
documents  may  be  kept  at  an  unmanned  aircraft's  control  station,"  dated  August  8,  2014.  This  request  
provides  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  14  C.F.R.  43.11  because  the  documentation  will  be  at  the  ground  
station  with  the  PIC,  where  it  will  be  useable  in  case  of  an  emergency,  rather  than  with  the  UAS  which  
could  be  up  to  1,000  meters  from  the  operator.    

D.  14  C.F.R.  45.11:  Marking  of  products.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  45.11.  This  part  provides,  inter  alia,  that  the  manufacturers  of  
aircraft,  engines,  propellers,  mark  such  aircraft,  engines,  or  propellers  with  an  approved  fireproof  
identification  plate.  The  UAS,  due  to  its  small  size,  does  not  have  room  for  fireproof  placards  to  be  placed  
in  it.  Any  required  placards  could  become  hazardous,  due  to  the  additional  weight  and  strain  placed  on  

   9  
the  UAS.  Any  additional  weight  or  placards  on  the  2.9  lbs.  UAS  could  create  a  risk,  due  to  the  very  small  
size  and  nature  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV's  PIC  and  VO  will  keep  information  related  to  the  DJI  Phantom  2,  including  
the  user  manual,  at  the  ground  control  station  and  affix  its  N-Number,  once  obtained  from  the  FAA  
Registration  Office,  on  the  "arms"  of  the  UAS  as  large  as  practicably  possible.  This  exemption  provides  an  
equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  45.11  because  the  relevant  documentation  containing  the  serial  
number  will  be  at  the  ground  station  with  the  PIC,  where  it  will  be  useable  in  case  of  an  emergency,  
rather  than  with  the  UAS.  In  addition,  the  fuselage  is  marked  with  "DJI,"  the  manufacturer  of  the  UAS.    

E.  14  C.F.R.  45.27:  Location  of  marks;  nonfixed-wing  aircraft    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  45.27.  This  part  provides,  inter  alia,  that  each  operator  of  a  
rotorcraft  must  display  on  that  rotorcraft  horizontally  on  both  surfaces  of  the  cabin,  fuselage,  boom,  or  
tail  the  marks  required  by  §45.23.  The  UAS,  due  to  its  small  size,  does  not  have  a  cabin,  fuselage,  boom  or  
tail  to  display  the  marks  required  by  §45.23.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  Once  BEV  receives  its  N-Number,  it  will  display  these  marks  on  the  "arms"  of  
the  aircraft  as  large  as  practicably  possible.  This  exemption  provides  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  
C.F.R.  45.27  because  the  UAS  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  Aircraft  Registration  Branch.  In  the  event  of  
incident,  the  UAS  will  be  traceable  to  BEV  

F.  14  C.F.R.  45.29:  Size  of  marks    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  45.27.  This  part  provides,  inter  alia,  at  subpart  (3)  that  the  
registration  marks  for  rotorcraft  must  be  at  least  12  inches  high.  The  UAS,  due  to  its  small  size,  does  not  
have  any  surface  area  large  enough  to  display  marks  anywhere  near  12  inches  high.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  affix  its  registration  number  as  large  as  practicably  possible  on  its  
"arms"  once  it  obtains  the  N-Number.  This  exemption  provides  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  
45.29  because  the  UAS  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  Aircraft  Registration  Branch.  In  the  event  of  
incident,  the  UAS  will  be  traceable  to  BEV.  

G.  14  C.F.R.  91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness.    

The  FAA  has  previously  stated  that  no  exemption  is  required  for  a  member  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2  family.  
BEV  requests  the  same  determination  to  be  made  for  its  DJI  Phantom  2.    

Alternatively,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.7(a).  The  regulation  requires  that  no  person  
may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  airworthy  condition.  As  there  will  be  no  airworthiness  
certificate  issued  for  the  aircraft  should  this  exemption  be  granted,  no  standard  will  exist  for  determining  
airworthiness.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  keep  the  DJI  Phantom  2's  maintenance  and  safety  information  at  the  
ground  station,  where  it  will  be  readily  accessible  to  the  PIC  and  VO  before,  during,  and  after  operations.  
This  exemption  provides  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  14  C.F.R.  91.7(a)  because  the  PIC  will  be  able  to  
make  the  determination  of  whether  the  UAS  is  in  an  airworthy  mechanical  and  electrical  condition,  in  
accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  91.7(b).    

   10  
H.  14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2):  Civil  aircraft  flight  manual,  marking,  and  placard  requirements.    

The  FAA  has  previously  stated  that  no  exemption  is  required  for  a  member  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2  family.  
Exhibit  10  at  17.  BEV  requests  the  same  determination  to  be  made  for  its  DJI  Phantom  2.    

Alternatively,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2).  This  part  provides:    

"(b)  No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  civil  aircraft...    

(2)  For  which  an  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual  is  not  required  by  §21.5  of  this  chapter,  unless  
there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a  current  approved  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual,  approved  
manual  material,  markings,  and  placards,  or  any  combination  thereof."    

First,  there  does  not  currently  exist  a  method  of  approving  manuals  for  UAS.  Second,  given  the  size  and  
configuration  of  the  UAS,  there  is  no  space  to  carry  such  a  flight  manual  on  the  aircraft.  In  addition,  
carrying  the  manual  on  the  aircraft  would  be  pointless,  since  there  is  no  pilot  or  other  person  on  board  
who  could  read  or  use  it.  On  August  8,  2014,  the  FAA  issued  a  memorandum  entitled  "Interpretation  
regarding  whether  certain  required  documents  may  be  kept  at  an  unmanned  aircraft's  control  station."  
This  document  stated,  in  part  "maintaining  these  documents  at  the  pilot's  control  station  would  meet  the  
intent  of  the  rule  as  the  pilot  would  be  able  to  produce  the  documents  for  his  or  her  own  information  or  
to  an  FAA  inspector."  See  Exhibit  9.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  keep  its  flight  manual  at  the  ground  station,  where  both  the  PIC  and  
VO  can  access  it.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2)  is  provided  because  the  intent  of  this  
rule  ­  the  pilot  having  access  to  this  material  during  flight  ­  is  met.    

I.  14  C.F.R.  91.9(c):  Civil  aircraft  flight  manual,  marking,  and  placard  requirements.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.9(c).  This  part  provides:  "(c)  No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-
registered  civil  aircraft  unless  that  aircraft  is  identified  in  accordance  with  part  45  of  this  chapter."    

As  stated  above,  BEV  will  obtain  an  N-Number  from  the  FAA  Registration  Office  and  the  UAS,  due  to  its  
small  size,  does  not  have  room  to  contain  fireproof  placard  or  to  display  aircraft  marks  in  a  conventional  
size.  However,  once  BEV  obtains  an  N-Number,  it  will  place  the  number  on  the  "arms"  of  the  aircraft  as  
large  as  practicably  possible.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  obtain  its  N-Number  from  the  FAA  Registration  Office  and  affix  it  to  
the  "arms"  of  the  aircraft  as  large  as  practicably  possible.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.9(c)  
is  met  because  the  UAS  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  and  identifiable  in  the  event  of  an  incident.    

J.  14  C.F.R.  91.103(b)(2):  Preflight  action.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.103(b)(2)  to  the  extent  that  is  applicable.  This  part  
provides:    

"Each  pilot  in  command  shall,  before  beginning  a  flight,  become  familiar  with  all  available  information  
concerning  that  flight.  This  information  must  include--...  (b)  For  any  flight,  runway  lengths  at  airports  of  
intended  use,  and  the  following  takeoff  and  landing  distance  information:  ...  (2)  For  civil  aircraft  other  

   11  
than  those  specified  in  paragraph  (b)(1)  of  this  section,  other  reliable  information  appropriate  to  the  
aircraft,  relating  to  aircraft  performance  under  expected  values  of  airport  elevation  and  runway  slope,  
aircraft  gross  weight,  and  wind  and  temperature."    

BEV's  PIC  in  fact  will,  before  beginning  a  flight,  become  familiar  with  all  available  information  concerning  
that  flight,  including  the  aircraft  performance  under  expected  elevations,  the  gross  weight  of  the  aircraft  
(which  will  be  no  more  than  2.9  lbs.),  and  the  wind  and  temperature.  As  the  flights  of  the  UAS  will  not  be  
at  airports  the  information  required  of  Part  91.103(b)(2)  does  not  apply.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  shall  perform  preflight  operations  as  outlined  previously  in  this  petition,  
and  flights  will  not  be  at  airports.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.103(b)(2)  will  be  met  
because  the  PIC  will  become  familiar  with  the  conditions  prior  to  the  flight,  including  the  aircraft  
performance  under  expected  elevations,  the  gross  weight  of  the  aircraft  (which  will  be  no  more  than  2.9  
lbs),  and  the  wind  and  temperature.    

K.  14  C.F.R.  91.105:  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.105  since  this  part  is  not  applicable  due  to  the  UAS  carrying  
no  flight  crewmembers.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  not  operate  the  aircraft  unless  someone  is  at  the  controls  at  all  times,  
and  each  flight  will  be  manually  flown,  with  the  exception  of  the  DJI  Phantom  2's  automated  safety  
features.  This  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.105  because  the  flight  crew  will  be  
at  their  stations  at  all  times  during  the  flight.  The  stations  will  not  be  on  the  aircraft  but  on  the  ground.    

L.  14  C.F.R.  91.113(b):  Right-of-way  rules:  Except  water  operations.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  113(b)  to  the  extent  that  it  applies  to  overhead  aircraft  
operating  at  or  above  500  feet  AGL  as  the  UAS  will  be  operating  no  higher  than  400  feet  AGL.  This  part  
provides:    

"(b):  General.  When  weather  conditions  permit,  regardless  of  whether  an  operation  is  conducted  under  
instrument  flight  rules  or  visual  flight  rules,  vigilance  shall  be  maintained  by  each  person  operating  an  
aircraft  so  as  to  see  and  avoid  other  aircraft.  When  a  rule  of  this  section  gives  another  aircraft  the  right-
of-way,  the  pilot  shall  give  way  to  that  aircraft  and  may  not  pass  over,  under,  or  ahead  of  it  unless  well  
clear."    

For  example,  if  another  aircraft  is  operating  overhead  at  10,000  feet  AGL  there  is  no  danger  posed  to  that  
other  aircraft  if  the  UAS  is  operating  under  it  or  ahead  of  it  at  or  beneath  400  feet  AGL.  Despite  this,  
should  another  aircraft  enter  the  area  in  which  BEV  is  operation,  because  the  flight  will  be  within  his  line  
of  sight,  the  PIC  will  be  able  to  give  right  of  way  to  that  aircraft.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  operate  its  UAS  to  see  and  avoid  and  give  way  to  other  aircraft  that  
should  enter  airspace  at  or  below  400  feet  AGL,  and  will  give  right-of-way  to  manned  aircraft.  All  flights  
will  be  in  class  G  airspace  and  the  majority  of  flights  will  be  at  no  more  than  100  feet  AGL,  which  will  
create  a  very  slim  chance  that  BEV's  operations  will  interfere  with  a  manned  aircraft's  flight.  This  will  
provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.113(b)  because  the  UAS  has  significantly  greater  

   12  
mobility  than  a  much  larger,  manned  aircraft.  As  a  result,  the  PIC  will  be  able  to  react  and  respond  much  
more  quickly  than  the  other  pilot.    

M.  14  C.F.R.  91.119(c):  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General.    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.119  subpart  (c).  This  regulation  provides:    

"Except  when  necessary  for  takeoff  or  landing,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  below  the  following  
altitudes...    

(c)  Over  other  than  congested  areas.  An  altitude  of  500  feet  above  the  surface,  except  over  open  water  or  
sparsely  populated  areas.  In  those  cases,  the  aircraft  may  not  be  operated  closer  than  500  feet  to  any  
person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure."    

BEV  will  not  operate  the  UAS  any  higher  than  400  feet  AGL.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  operate  the  UAS  no  higher  than  400  feet  AGL,  and  it  is  anticipated  that  
the  majority  of  operations  will  be  no  higher  than  100  feet  AGL.  BEV  will  not  operate  in  congested  areas,  
and  will  work  with  the  local  FSDO  when  planning  operations.  BEV's  flight  crew  will  make  a  safety  
assessment  prior  to  each  operation,  and  only  operate  after  it  determines  that  there  is  no  undue  hazard  
present.  

The  400  feet  AGL  maximum  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.119(c)  because,  since  
1981  with  AC  91-57,  this  height  has  been  an  operating  standard  for  model  aircraft.  Additionally,  in  
Section  334(c)(2)(C),  Congress  determined  that  UAS  operated  by  public  agencies  flying  UAS  the  size  of  
and  larger  than  BEV's  DJI  Phantom  2  could  fly  up  to  400  feet  AGL.    

N.  14  C.F.R.  91.121:  Altimeter  Settings    

BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.121.  This  Part  provides  guidelines  for  altimeter  use  in  
maintaining  the  cruising  altitude  or  flight  level  of  the  aircraft.  BEV  is  not  requesting  a  general  exemption  
from  the  requirement  that  its  UAS  have  an  Altimeter.  The  DJI  Phantom  2's  flight  controller  will  have  an  
internal  measurement  unit  ("IMU").  The  IMU  has  a  built-in  internal  sensor  and  a  barometric  altimeter  
that  measures  both  attitude  and  altitude.  Rather,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  the  requirement  to  set  
its  altimeter  to  a  station  along  the  route,  of  out  of  an  airport,  because  the  DJI  Phantom  2  is  not  traveling  
point-to-point  and  is  limited  in  the  distance  it  can  travel  from  the  PIC.  Additionally,  BEV  will  not  be  flying  
into  or  out  of  an  airport.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  requested  exemption  provides  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R  
91.121  because  BEV  will  not  operate  the  UAS  above  400  feet  AGL  in  a  sustained  cruising  flight  mode  such  
as  a  manned  aircraft  will  typically  fly.  The  PIC  will  at  all  times  be  controlling  the  maximum  height  of  the  
UAS  through  the  telemetry  features  of  the  DJI  controller.  Additionally,  the  UAS  will  be  operated  within  the  
line  of  sight  of  the  PIC.  The  FAA  has  previously  granted  this  exemption  for  similar  proposed  operations.    

O.  14  C.F.R.  91.151:  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions.    

The  UAS  BEV  fly  is  powered  by  electricity,  using  lithium  polymer  batteries  that  currently  have  a  flight  
limit  of  approximately  no  more  than  25  minutes.  Therefore,  due  to  the  limitations  of  the  batteries,  it  is  

   13  
currently  impossible  to  comply  with  Part  91.151.  However,  the  UAS  will  be  operated  in  a  manner  with  at  
least  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  that  of  a  manned  aircraft  complying  with  Part  91.151.    

Operation  of  an  UAS  with  less  than  30  minutes  of  reserve  fuel  does  not  engender  the  type  of  risks  that  
Section  91.151(a)  was  intended  to  alleviate.  During  the  entire  flight,  the  PIC  will  always  have  a  visual  line  
of  sight  of  the  UAS  and  the  VO  will  be  monitoring  the  battery  life  via  the  telemetry  display  on  the  laptop  at  
the  ground  station.  The  UAS  will  always  have  enough  power  to  land  safely,  given  the  minimum  level  of  
reserve  capacity  of  the  batteries.    

BEV  will  limit  flights  to  75%  of  battery  capacity.  With  the  battery  BEV  currently  uses,  the  75%  point  
occurs  at  18  minutes,  leaving  7  minutes  for  the  UAS  to  reach  the  planned  landing  zone.  This  amount  of  
time  will  be  more  than  sufficient  for  the  PIC  to  safely  return  to  and  land  in  the  "home  area."  As  battery  
power  increases,  the  number  of  minutes  the  UAS  can  operate  before  reaching  the  75%  mark  will  also  
increase.  As  new  batteries  are  obtained  and  put  into  use,  BEV  will  continue  to  terminate  flights  after  75%  
of  battery  power  has  been  used.    

Applicant  believes  that  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  §91.151(a)  is  consistent  with  the  scope  of  similar  
exemptions  already  granted  to  other  operations.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  BEV  will  limit  flights  75%  of  battery  power.  The  proposed  exemption  meets  an  
equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.151  because,  given  the  limitations  on  BEV  `s  proposed  operations  
and  the  location  of  those  operations,  a  reduced  minimum  power  reserve  for  flight  in  daylight  VFR  
conditions  is  reasonable.    

P.  14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  and  (b):  Civil  aircraft:  Certifications  required.    

The  FAA  has  previously  determined  that  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  and  (b)  is  not  necessary.  See  
Exhibit  10  at  17.    

Alternatively,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  91.203(a)  and  (b).  This  section  provides  in  part:    

"(a)  Except  as  provided  in  §  91.715,  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  has  within  it  the  
following:    

(1)  An  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate...    

(2)  An  effective  U.S.  registration  certificate  issued  to  its  owner...    

(b)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate  required  by  paragraph  (a)  
of  this  section  or  a  special  flight  authorization  issued  under  §  91.715  is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  
entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew."    

First,  there  are  currently  no  procedures  in  effect  for  providing  airworthiness  certificates  for  UAS.  
However,  as  a  condition  to  the  approval  of  exemption,  BEV  will  display  its  N-Number,  once  received,  on  
the  UAS,  and  the  operator  will  have,  at  the  ground  station,  the  user  manual  for  the  DJI  Phantom  2.    

Second,  the  UAS  BEV  will  use  the  DJI  Phantom  2,  which  has  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  a  manned  
aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate.  Please  refer  to  Exhibit  10,  Exemption  No.  11138,  as  BEV's  DJI  

   14  
Phantom  2  is  in  the  same  UAS  family  as  the  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+,  which  was  the  subject  of  that  
exemption.  This  UAS  provides  a  number  of  safety  features,  including  the  automatic  return  to  home  
failsafe  discussed  in  detail  above.    

Because  of  the  use  of  GPS  with  the  UAS,  the  operator  will  set  the  initial  location  of  flight  takeoff  ("home  
position")  and  if  the  radio  control  link  is  broken,  the  autopilot  system  will  recognize  this  broken  control  
link  and  cause  the  UAS  to  automatically  return  to  the  home  position  as  recorded  by  the  GPS  
instrumentation.  Exhibits  1-7.  Additionally,  because  the  UAS  team  will  mark  off  an  area  with  traffic  cones  
that  has  a  20  ft.  radius,  approximately  30  ft.  from  the  operators  that  will  be  used  as  the  "home  position"  
for  the  UAS  to  return,  no  one  will  be  standing  in  the  way  of  the  path.    

These  safety  enhancements  provide  a  greater  degree  of  safety  to  the  public  and  property  owners  than  
conventional  operations  conducted  with  airworthiness  certificates  issued  under  Subpart  H.  Application  
of  these  same  criteria  demonstrates  that  there  is  no  credible  threat  to  national  security  posed  by  the  UAS,  
due  to  its  size,  speed  of  operation,  location  of  operation,  lack  of  explosive  materials  or  flammable  liquid  
fuels,  and  inability  to  carry  a  substantial  payload.    

In  the  restricted  environment  and  under  the  conditions  proposed,  operation  of  the  UAS  will  be  at  least  as  
safe  as  a  conventional  aircraft  (fixed  wing  or  rotorcraft)  operating  with  an  airworthiness  certificate  but  
without  the  restrictions  and  conditions  proposed.  BEV  will  not  accept  assignments  from  clients  that  
would  take  place  in  Class  B,  C,  D,  or  E  airspace.  BEV  will  avoid  flying  over  congested  and  populated  areas  
and  will  work  with  local  FSDO  to  avoid  these  areas  when  planning  operations.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  UAS  to  be  operated  hereunder  is  2.9  lbs.  inclusive  of  batteries  and  
technical  payload,  carries  neither  a  pilot  nor  passengers,  and  carries  no  explosive  materials  or  flammable  
liquid  fuels.  The  UAS  operating  under  this  exemption  will  be  tightly  controlled  and  monitored  by  the  
operator  and  the  observer,  and  in  compliance  with  local  public  safety  requirements,  to  provide  security  
for  the  area  of  operation.    

Q.  14  C.F.R.  91.215:  ATC  Transponder  and  Altitude  Reporting  Equipment  and  Use    

This  section  requires  that  installed  Air  Traffic  Control  (ATC)  transponder  equipment  must  meet  specific  
performance  and  environmental  requirements,  and  aircraft  must  be  equipped  with  an  operable  coded  
radar  beacon  transponder.    

There  are  presently  no  known  commercially  available  ATC  transponders  that  meet  the  payload  
requirements  of  a  UAS  and  are  available  at  reasonable  cost.  However,  because  the  UASs  used  by  BEV  will  
not  be  flying  into  or  near  airports,  and  will  fly  no  higher  than  400  feet  AGL,  there  is  very  low  risk  of  
collision  with  any  manned  aircraft.  In  addition,  because  there  will  be  no  need  to  have  contemporaneous  
communication  with  ATC  Control,  due  to  the  short  distances,  short  flight  times,  and  restricted  altitude  the  
UAS  will  operate  within,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  this  section.  Additionally,  the  UAS  is  too  small  
to  contain  ATC  transponder  equipment  in  any  form  factor  that  is  known  to  be  available  commercially.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.215  will  be  met  because  BEV  will  
not  fly  its  UAS  into  or  near  airports,  and  all  operations  will  be  below  400  feet  AGL,  so  there  is  very  low  
risk  of  collision  with  any  manned  aircraft.  BEV  will  give  the  right  of  way  to  any  manned  aircraft  that  do  
appear.    

   15  
R.  14  C.F.R.  91.403:  General    

This  section  requires  that  the  owner  or  operator  of  an  aircraft  is  primarily  responsible  for  maintaining  
that  aircraft  in  an  airworthy  condition.  BEV  will  adhere  to  this  requirement.  However,  this  Section  also  
limits  maintenance  to  that  "prescribed  in  this  subpart  and  other  applicable  regulations,  including  part  43  
of  this  chapter."  Because  of  this  limitation,  and  because  of  the  exemptions  under  Part  43  requested  above,  
BEV  requests  an  exemption  from  this  Section.    

This  exemption  meets  the  requirements  for  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  pursuant  to  Section  333  based  
on  the  small  size,  light  weight,  relatively  slow  speed,  and  use  in  controlled  rural  environments  on  private,  
secured  land,  as  described  previously  in  this  petition.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  To  achieve  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.403,  BEV  will  maintain  
its  UAS  in  an  airworthy  condition  and  adhere  to  all  manufacturer  requirements  for  inspecting  and  
maintaining  the  DJI  Phantom  2.  BEV  will  keep  records  of  maintenance  to  the  UAS,  and  these  records  will  
be  available  to  the  PIC  and  VO  before,  during,  and  after  operations  of  the  UAS.    

S.  14  C.F.R.  91.405  (a)  and  (d):  Maintenance  Required    

This  section  requires  that  aircraft  be  inspected  as  prescribed  by  Section  E,  14  C.F.R.  §§91.401-91.421.  As  
shown  below,  BEV  is  applying  for  an  exemption  for  these  sections,  due  to  the  fact  that  its  operators  will  
inspect  the  UAS  prior  to  each  flight  and  keep  maintenance  records  of  all  parts  that  are  replaced,  in  
accordance  with  DJI's  instructions.  Because  the  Sections  discussed  below  are  concerned  with  manned  
aircraft,  and  as  such  have  inspection  requirements  designed  for  the  safety  of  passengers,  they  are  
inapplicable  to  BEV.    

BEV  is  also  applying  for  an  exemption  to  subpart  (d)  of  this  section,  which  requires  a  placard  to  be  
installed  and  references  §43.11.  As  noted  previously,  BEV  requests  an  exemption  to  the  placard  
requirement,  because,  due  to  the  small  size  of  the  UAS,  there  is  no  room  to  place  the  placard.    

Despite  the  requested  exemption  from  subparts  (a)  and  (d)  of  this  section,  BEV  will  follow  subparts  (b)  
and  (c)  of  this  subpart.    

Equivalent  level  of  safety:  To  achieve  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.405(a)  and  (b),  BEV  will  
keep  logbooks  detailing  all  maintenance  and  repairs  to  the  UAS.  The  logbooks  will  be  available  to  the  PIC  
and  VO  before,  during,  and  after  UAS  operation.  Prior  to  conducting  post-maintenance  operations,  the  
flight  crew  will  conduct  a  test  flight  to  ensure  that  the  UAS  functions  properly.  The  FAA  has  previously  
determined  that  following  the  manufacturer's  requirements  for  maintenance,  inspection,  and  record  
keeping  are  sufficient  to  ensure  that  safety  is  not  adversely  affected.    

  

T.  14  C.F.R.  91.407:  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration    

This  section  requires  that  any  aircraft  which  "has  undergone  maintenance,  preventative  maintenance,  
rebuilding,  or  alteration  unless  .  .  .  [i]t  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  
under  §  43.7  of  this  chapter  .  .  .."    

   16  
However,  BEV  has  requested  an  exemption  from  §§  43.7  and  43.11  as  described  previously.  The  
capability  of  the  operators  to  maintain  and  repair  the  UAS  meets  the  requirements  for  an  equivalent  level  
of  safety  pursuant  to  Section  333  for  both  the  type  of  UAS,  its  intended  use,  and  the  rural  operating  
environment.  Additionally,  due  to  the  small  size  of  the  UAS,  there  is  no  room  to  place  inspection  placards.    
Therefore,  because  BEV  has  requested  an  exemption  from  43.7  and  43.11,  BEV  respectfully  requests  an  
exemption  from  91.407.  The  PIC,  who  holds  a  commercial  pilot's  certificate,  will  conduct  maintenance  on  
the  UAS  and  keep  logs  of  the  battery  cycle  and  repairs  needed  on  the  body  or  the  propellers  of  the  DJI  
Phantom  2.    
Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  proposed  exemption  will  meet  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  
91.407  because  BEV  will  regularly  inspect  and  maintain  its  UAS  in  accordance  with  the  DJI  operator  
manual,  and  keep  detailed  inspection  and  maintenance  records  that  will  be  available  to  the  PIC  and  VO  
before,  during,  and  after  operations.  Prior  to  conducting  post-  maintenance  operations,  BEV  will  conduct  
a  test  flight  to  ensure  that  the  UAS  functions  properly.    
U.  14  C.F.R.  91.409:  Inspections    
This  section  lays  out  specific  requirements  for  inspections  of  aircraft.  BEV  respectfully  requests  an  
exemption  from  these  requirements  because  they  are  intended  to  maintain  the  safety  of  manned  aircraft  
significantly  larger  and  capable  of  significantly  longer  flights  than  is  UAS.  BEV's  pre-flight  and  post-flight  
inspections  meet  or  exceed  the  level  of  safety  achieved  by  adherence  to  14  C.F.R.  91.409.    
Equivalent  level  of  safety:  As  discussed  above,  BEV  has  an  inspection  procedure  that  provides  an  
equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  91.409.  Before  and  after  each  flight,  the  flight  crew  will  conduct  an  
inspection  of  the  UAS  as  described  previously.    
V.  14  C.F.R.  91.417:  Maintenance  records    
BEV  respectfully  requests  an  exemption  from  this  Section,  as  it  is  only  applicable  for  aircraft  with  an  
airworthiness  certificate.  Because  BEV  will  not  have  an  airworthiness  certificate,  this  Section  is  
inapplicable.    
Equivalent  level  of  safety:  The  requested  exemption  will  meet  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  to  14  C.F.R.  
91.417  because  BEV  will  keep  detailed  maintenance  records  on  every  part  as  it  is  replaced,  including  but  
not  limited  to  propellers,  batteries,  and  electrical  components.  The  detailed  maintenance  records  will  be  
accessible  to  the  PIC  and  the  VO  before,  during,  and  after  operations.    

   17  
Additional Sources/ Manufacturer Information

DJI 2 USER MANUAL URL LINK
http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2/en/PHANTOM2_User_Manual_v1.4_en.pdf
DJI 2 Specs Link
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2/spec
No Fly Zones feature link
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc
DJI 2 Features
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2/feature

  
  
  
  

   18  
