September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12946
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2557

Mr. Ryan Baker
Director, sUAS Flight Operations
Black and Veatch Corporation
11401 Lamar Avenue
Overland Park, KS 66211

Dear Mr. Baker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Black and Veatch Corporation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, inspections, and data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Black and Veatch Corporation is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Black and Veatch Corporation is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S100 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                             BLACK & VEATCH CORPORATION

                                                                                                                                       11401 LAMAR AVENUE, OVERLAND PARK, KS 66211

                                                                                                  +1 913-458-7823 I BAKERRL2@BV.COM

             June 10, 2015

             U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
             West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
             1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
             Washington, DC 20590

             Re: Petition ofBlack & Veatch Corporation for an Exemption Pursuant to Section,.$33 ofthe FAA
                  Modernization and Reform Act of2012 to Operate an Small Unmanned Aircraft System.

             Dear Sir or Madam:

             Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
             and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Black & Veatch Corporation (Black & Veatch) a global engineering,
             consulting, and construction company, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
             Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operation of small unmanned aerial systems
             (sUAS), for aerial imaging for safety and monitoring of secured and controlled project sites, so
             long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as
             may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

             This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption and
             incorporates the material contained in the following:

                  · Appendix A: Black & Veatch sUAS Operation, Inspections, and Maintenance Manual
                  · Appendix B: Black & Veatch sUAS Pilot Operating Handbook
                  · Appendix C: Black & Veatch sUAS Training Manual
                  · Appendix D: DJI S1000 User Manual
                  · Appendix E: A2 Flight Control System User Manual

             The Appendices are submitted as confidential under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), because they contain
             commercial and proprietary information that Black & Veatch has not and will not share with
             others, is not available to the public, and is protected from release under the Freedom of
             Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.

             As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of sUAS
             under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to
             access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already best practices safety protocols
             followed by Black & Veatch. Approval of this exemption would therefore create no safety
             concerns regarding national airspace and would fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the
             FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
) aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

                                                                                                                                                                   www.bv.com ;
                                                                                                                    JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 2

/

             The contact information for the applicant is as follows:

                       Black & Veatch Corporation
                       Attn: Ryan Baker
                        Email: bakerrl2@bv.com
                        11401 Lamar Avenue
                        Overland Park, KS 66211
                        (913) 458-7823

             Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

                        14 CFR Part 21 Subpart H
                        14 CFR 91.203(a)(1)
                        14 CFR Part 27
                        14 CFR 45.23(b)
                        14 CFR 61.113(a)&(b)
                        14 CFR 91.7(a)
                        14 CFR 91.9(b)(2)
                        14 CFR 91.103
                        14 CFR 91.109(a)
                        14 CFR 91.119
                        14 CFR 91.121
                        14 CFR 91.151(a)
                        14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b)
                        14 CFR 91.405(a)
                        14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)
                        14 CFR 91.409(a)(2)
                        14 CFR 91.417(a) & (b)

             STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS
             The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
             statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
             §40101 of the Act, that includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
             current airworthiness certificate.

             The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
             under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 ofthis title if the
             Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC
             §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

             Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUAS may
             operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the
             public, or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the Secretary must
             consider:

                                                                                                                                                            www.bv.com
                                                                                                                   JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 3

                  · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
                  · Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
                  · Operation of the sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

             Reform Act§ 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely
             in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
             operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Black & Veatch interprets this
             provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for
             exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe
             operation of the sUAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not
             fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

             Black & Veatch's sUAS is a multirotor vehicle, weighing 55 or fewer lbs. including payload.
             The sUAS operates, under normal conditions, at a speed of no more than 50 knots and has
             the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The
             sUAS will operate only in the Pilot's visual line of sight at all times and will operate
             only within the sterile area described in the Appendices. Such operations will insure that
             the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."

             Given the small size of the sUAS and the restricted and sterile environment within which it
             will operate, Black & Veatch falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of
             safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
             operations of s UAS to commence immediately. Also due to the s m a 11 size of the s UASs and
             the low altitudes and restricted areas in which the sUAS will operate, approval
             of the application presents no national security issue.

             Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
             Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
             proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, the grant
             ofthe requested exemption is in the public interest. Accordingly, Black & Veatch respectfully
             requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

           PUBLIC INTEREST

             This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
             333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
             consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before
             completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. By granting an
             exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate with significant
             safety precautions in low risk environments.

             The use of sUAS on Black & Veatch project sites can significantly reduce the risk to workers of
             falls while inspecting, surveying, or monitoring site construction progress. sUAS can inspect,
             photograph, and collect data in hard to reach areas that otherwise would require worker
) inspection. Falls are a leading source of workplace fatality and injury (www.osha.gov). With

                                                                                                                                                              www.bv.com ,~, '
                                                                                                                   JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 4

            the use of the proposed sUAS Black & Veatch could minimize the need to expose it's
            professionals to high fall risk activities, which in turn could save lives.

            Additionally, sUAS could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft to monitor sites. The
            sUAS Black & Veatch proposes to fly in this application is less than 55lbs. and carries no
             combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger conventionally powered small
             aircraft. Shifting to sUAS from helicopters presents a marked safety increase for our workers
             and the public.

             Lastly, sUAS reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy used for
             aerial imaging and data collection over a project site. The proposed sUAS uses rechargeable
            lithium ion batteries, as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of much heavier small
             aircraft.

           EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

             Black & Veatch proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to sUAS that have the
             characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for
             an exceptional level of safety to operations. These limitations and conditions to which Black &
            Veatch agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued
             exemption include:

\
 !

                  1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs.
                  2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of Pilot in Command or Visual

                       Observer.
                  3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. Flights will be

                       terminated at 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 20 minute limit.
                  4. Flights will normally be operated at an altitude below 200 feet AGL, never exceeding

                       400 feetAGL
                  5. The sUAS pilot will be trained and certified in the proper safety and operations of the

                       sUAS.
                  6. The sUAS will only operate within a controlled area as defined in the Appendices.
                  7. The sUAS pilot will post advisory notices where people are located around the

                       controlled area.
                  8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each

                       day's production activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
                       performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this
                       briefing.
                  9. All onsite personnel will consent to the sUAS flyover by waiver, and the operator will
                       obtain additional verbal or written consent of all persons who will be allowed within
                       100 feet of the flight operation.
                  10. Operator will have been trained in operation of sUAS generally and will have received
                       up-to-date information on the particular sUAS to be operated as required by the
                       Appendices.
                  11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.

                                                                                                                                                            www.bv.com ·lll"
                                                                                                                     JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 5

                    12. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the capability
                         to return to a pre-determined location within the Security Perimeter and land.

                    13. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles or
                         emergencies.

             DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

               Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
               issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1).

               Given the size and limited operating area associated with the sUAS to be utilized by Black &
               Veatch, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of
               safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.
               §44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from
               the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed,
               operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular sUAS. In
               all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an
               airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will
               be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with
               an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

. j The proposed sUAS to be operated is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
               passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
               within a controlled area as set out in the Appendices. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations
               under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the sUAS pilot, pursuant to the
               requirements set out in the Appendices. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates
               that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the sUAS, due to its size, speed of
               operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and
               inability to carry a substantial external load.

              14 CFoR Part 27:
               This regulation sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of normal
               category rotorcraft. To the extend the S1000 would otherwise require certification under Part
               27, Black & Veatch seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same
               reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

               14 CFJ~. § 45o23
               The regulation requires when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
               registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
               experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
               aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
               nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
               "provisional," as applicable.

                                                                                                                                                                    www. bv.com ··
                                                                  JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 6

 \

)

             Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
             the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word
             "Experimental" can be placed.

      Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will
      be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f). The equivalent level of safety will be
      provided by having the sUAS marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the
      operator working with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS as "Experimental." The
      FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738,
      10167 and 10167A.

      14 CFI=t  &

      Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operation. Because the sUAS
      will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
      safety of current operations by requiring the Pilot operating the aircraft to have completed a
      sUAS flight training course as detailed in the Appendices. Unlike a conventional aircraft that
      carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo
      on board. Black & Veatch's sUAS can also be operated by an autopilot, which greatly reduces
      the danger of human error. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
      planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Appendices.

'\    The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
   i
      passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
/ within a secured area as set out in the Appendices. Like other civil aircraft, operations under

      this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and in compliance with

      local public safety requirements.

      The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are therefore diminished from the level of
      risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, and
      allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a Pilot who has met the minimum
      requirements stated in the Appendices and achieves the level of safety contemplated by 14
      C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b).

      14 CF,ft

      The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
      condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
      exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.

      Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Appendices for
      maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will
      be provided.

      14
      Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

      No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

                                                                  www.bv.com
       JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 7

    J

       (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,

I unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,

 i     approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

lI

       The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
       on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
       capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

       The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
       control point where the operator flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
       issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
       9299A, 9565,95658,10167, 10167A, 10602,32827, and 10700.

       14 CFR LlOJ:

       This regulation requires each operator to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety
       of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
       exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the
       Appendices. The operator will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
       requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of
       flight.

    ) 14 CFR 91.109: Fi

                 Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
                 balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
                 controls.

       sUAS's and remotely control piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
       controls. Flight is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
       aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training
       without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
       experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
       provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the
       size and speed of the aircraft.

       14 CFR 91.119: n

       Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
       helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
       operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the
       FAA.

                 As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to

                 operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As

                 set forth herein the sUAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL.

     \,

    j

                                                                                      www.bv.com
                                                 JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 8

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS as well
as the location where it is operated. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will
ensure separation between these sUAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft
that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR 91.121:

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Appendices,
confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR 910                                  VFR

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

             Given the technological limitations on the sUAS battery power means that no meaningful flight

) operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. The aircraft is battery
             powered with a maximum flight time of 30 minutes. Black & Veatch proposes that the
             maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. The aircraft will be safely
             landed with no less than the greater of (a) 20% battery life remaining or (b) five minutes of
             flight time remaining.

Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior
exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without
compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area, with less
than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not create the type of risks that Section 91.151 (a) was
intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS.

The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the sUAS flight is conducted
under daytime VFR flight conditions using visual line of sight (VLOS), and terminated with at
least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 21-22.
The Appendices requires an equivalent level of safety by safely landing with no less than the
greater of (a) 20% battery life remaining or (b) five minutes of light time remaining and
otherwise complying with the flight restrictions above.

14 & Ca
The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
the following:

                                                 www.bv.com
                                                             JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 9

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot. As
such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display
them on the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the operator flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they
are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797,9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 91  & ntenance

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the Applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the
operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in the
Appendices. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is limited in size
and will carry a small payload and operate only in controlled areas for limited periods of time
from no higher than 400 feet AGL.. If mechanical issues arise the sUAS can land immediately.
As provided in the Appendices, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior
to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited

to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

FEDERAL REGISTER PULICATION SUMMARY

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Black & Veatch Corporation seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21
Subpart H; 14 CFR 91.203{a)(1); 14 CFR Part27; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113{a)&(b);
14 CFR 91.7{a); 14 CFR 91.9(b}{2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109{a); 14 CFR 91.119; 14
CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203{a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR
91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409{a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417(a) & (b) to commercially operate a
small unmanned aerial system (sUAS, 55 lbs. or less) for the purpose ofinspection,
monitoring, mapping and photographing equipment and engineering studies.

                                                             www.bv.com
                                                                                                     JUNE 10, 2015 I PAGE 10

         Approval ofexemptions allowing commercial operations ofsUASs will create a level of
         safety by reducing risk. Conventional inspections and construction monitoring tasks
          involve extreme risks to personnel physically climbing structures andjor utilizing high rise
          equipment both ofwhich create numerous and extreme risk to such personnel. In contrast,
          a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of
          that risk. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose
          personnel to any ofthe risks described above.

         Allflights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
          prior consent and knowledge. The granting ofthis exemption request will provide
          innovative safety operations.
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within
visual line of sight - provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAS in and pursuant to the
Procedures appended hereto.
Sincerely,

Ryan Baker, Director of sUAS Flight Operations
Black & Veatch Corporation
Enclosures

                                                                                                                                             www.bv.com
        Appendix A: Black & Veatch sUAS Operations, Inspection,

        and Maintenance Manual

\
)
~~

)

                FLIGHT OPERATIONS

                      1. Black & Veatch (B&V) will conduct flight operations using a small unmanned aerial
                           system (sUAS) as described in these Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual
                            (hereafter, "Manual") for the purpose of inspection, monitoring, mapping and
                           photographing equipment and engineering studies.

                      2. B&V will designate a Director of sUAS Flight Operations (Director).

                      3. The Director will ensure this Manual is revised to contain all current information.

                      4. The Director will ensure that this Manual is distributed to all personnel involved with
                           sUAS operations as well as any revisions to this manual.

                      5. The Director will ensure all sUAS pilots are trained according to the Black &Veatch
                           sUAS Training Manual and the Black & Veatch sUAS Pilot Operating Handbook.

                                    sUJ~S

                      1. sUAS operations will be conducted using a DJI S1000 Plus with the A2 Flight Control
                            System, manufactured by DJI Innovations (the "S1000").

                       2. The S1000 weighs approximately 8.8 pounds with a maximum takeoff weight of
                            approximately 24 pounds including payload.

                       3. Operation of the S1000 is described in Appendix B. Black & Veatch sUAS Pilot Operating
                            Handbook.

                       4. A complete description of the S1000 is contained in Appendix D. DJI S1000 Plus User
                            Manual and Appendix E. A2 Flight Control System User Manual.

                                                          Book,
                       1. The S1000 will be identified by serial number, registered with the FAA, and have

                            identification (N-Number) markings as large as practicable.

                       2. The S1000 will have a Log Book to record inspections, maintenance, and flight
                            operations.

                       3. All required paperwork including Registration, Log Book, and Manuals will be located at
                            the ground control station in close proximity to the pilot in command.

                                 Crew
                       1. sUAS operations will require a minimum crew of a pilot in command (PIC) and a visual

                            observer (VO)
\

)

                      2. The PIC will possess at least a sport pilot license and an airman medical certificate or
                           U.S. driver's license and will be trained according to the Black & Veatch sUAS Training
                           Manual (Appendix C).

       An.~ as

    1. The sUAS will only operate within private or controlled-access property with
        permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.

       Permission from the property ownerI controller or authorized representative will be

        obtained for each flight to be conducted.

    2. Flight operations will not be conduct within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference
        point (ARP) as denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for
        airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the
        current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that
        airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a certificate of waiver or
        authorization (COA).

    3. All flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

    persons (the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons will not be considered

    nonparticipating persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

\.
 )
    a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
/

    persons from the sUAS andjor debris in the event of an accident.

    b. The ownerf controller of any vessels, vehicles, or structures has granted

         permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety
         assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
         does not present an undue hazard.

                       Parameters
    1. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC or VO during

         daylight and under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

    2. The sUAS will not be operated if wind gust greater than 30 mph.

    3. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed for
        accuracy by the PIC.

    4. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes.

    5. The sUAS will be safely landed with no less than the greater of (a) 20% battery life
        remaining or (b) five minutes of flight time remaining.

                   6. Flights will be operating at or below 400 feet above ground level (AGL).

  \

./
                     7. Flights will be limited to a groundspeed of 25 mph and vertical ascent will be limited to
                          20 mph.

                     8. The flight operations will yield the right of way to other manned aircraft operations.

                     9. The flight will be aborted in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

                     10. Each flight will be recorded in the Log Book.

                Lost
                    1. Flight recovery following lost gpsjcommunications will be performed according to
                          Appendices B, C, and D.

               INSPECTION AND FUNCTIONAL TEST FLIGHT

                                              Procedures
                    1. Before each flight, either the PIC or the VO will conduct a preflight inspection of the

                          sUAS.

                     2. The sUAS and ground control station will be inspected for signs of damage. Screws will
                          be checked and tightened if necessary.

"\
  i

/ 3. The ground control station will be inspected to ensure they are not damaged, loose, or
                          misaligned.

                     4. Motors will be inspected to ensure they are not loose and the supports are not cracked.

                     5. Batteries for both sUAS and ground control station will be checked to ensure they are
                          fully charged.

                     6. The S1000 batteries will be charged and maintained according to Appendix D.

                     7. A preflight maintenance inspection will be recorded in the aircraft log book.

                     1. After each flight, either the PIC or the VO will conduct a post-flight inspection of the
                          sUAS.

                     2. The sUAS and ground control station will be inspected for signs of damage. Screws will
                          be checked and tightened if necessary.

                     3. Propellers will be inspected to ensure they are not damaged, loose, or misaligned.

                     4. Motors will be inspected to ensure they are not loose and the supports are not cracked.

                     5. Batteries will be charged and maintained according to Appendix D.

     )

      /
MAINTENANCE

     1. The S1000 will be maintained in accordance with Appendices B, D, and E.
     2. The S1000 will have a log book to record inspections, maintenance, and flight

          operations.

     3. Batteries will be charged in accordance with Appendix D.

              Test
     1. After a flight critical component, such as a propeller or motor, has undergone

          maintenance or been repaired or replaced, the aircraft will undergo a functional test
          flight.

               a. The PIC will conduct the test flight in accordance with Appendix D.
               b. The PIC will make an entry in the log book of the functional test flight
     2. Every 500 hours of flight time, the PIC will conduct a functional test flight regardless of
          the maintenance activities.
     3. The PIC will make an entry in the log book of the functional test flight.
           Appendix B: Black & Veatch sUAS Pilot Operation

            Handbook

.\
  )
) KEY PARAMETERS                                                            24lbs
                                                                          13.4lbs
      Max Takeoff Weight
      Weight with Zenmuse and all other equipment- no camera, no battery       1lb
      Weight of NexS/6/7 camera                                           1.7Slbs
      Weight of Canon SD camera
      Max Battery Weight with ZenmusefNex Camera:                          9.5lbs
      Max Battery Weight with ZenmusefCanon SD:                              9lbs

Flight Times using 90% of battery:

                                    16,000 mah battery Nex 7:  17min
                                    20,000 mah battery Nex 7:  20 min
                                    32,000 mah battery Nex 7:  22 min

Flight times using the Canon SD or other cameras similar in weight will reduce the flight times by
about 1 minute. These times are averages. An operator may get longer or shorter flight times
based on weight and flying style.
           DJI S-1000 Plus

                                 CHECKLISTS

     DJI S-1000 PLUS BENCH SET UP & TESTS
            o All screws/bolts are tight
            o Timer alarm for flight time to not exceed 80% battery capacity set properly
            o Batteries are secure
            o Antennas are secure
            o Props balanced
            o Props aligned
            o Props not chipped
            o Check blades, arms, etc. for cracks/damage
            o Wiring Tight
            o No excessive flexing of motors or booms
            o Boomsjmotors will not twist
            o Center of gravity is correct
            o Warning lights set for low battery if used
            o Batteries charged. Replace any battery which cycles below 80% of rated capacity
                      · Laptop Battery
                      · Flight Battery
                      · Copter RC Transmitter Battery
                      · Video RC Transmitter Battery
                      · Spare Laptop Battery

   i

./
DJI S-1000 PLUS INVENTORY CHECKLIST
     o Load Flight plan
     o Aircraft
     o Camera with SD card
     o Spare parts/tools
     o Spare batteries
     o Two RC transmitters (Copter & Video)
     o Laptop
     o Battery Charger
     o Flight Controller Cable
     o Video monitor, stand, battery, antennas

     o Datalink & cable
1 DJI S-1000 PLUS PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

I o Determine emergency flight plan and alternate landing zones avoiding power lines and
                    obstacles

               o Check wind direction
               o Set a perimeter of 500 feet- area must be clear of non-participants
               o All antennas installed and all pointing in correct directions
               o Engage GCS, monitor, laptop, etc. (bring up flight plan)

            o Remove lens cap I Clean lens

               o Camera On
               o Ensure camera has SD card installed.
               o Check battery voltage
               o Install battery on copter.
                o Check center of gravity
                o Level copter with front pointing in correct direction for course lock- do not turn on
                o Copter RC Transmitter- Set switches- Throttle Down, Return to Home switch Off, Manual

                    Flight Mode
                o Switch On, Flight Path Switch Off- Not Course or Home Lock
                o Copter Transmitter On
                o Check Model Selection on Tx
                o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.4v)
                o On PhVideo Tx- set switches- HDMI switch Off, Freestyle switch On
                o Video Transmitter On
                o Check Model Selection on Tx
                o Check Video Tx battery voltage (above 7.4v)
                o Plug in battery black lead first.
                o Calibrate GPS/Compass if necessary
                o If calibrated, cycle battery with correct heading for course lock.
                o Do not touch the Copter until 30 seconds after full GPS Lock. Initial 3 red blinks is

                    normal meaning no GPS lock. Wait until no flashes. Continue with checklist.
                o Check Copter Voltage from GCS
                o Engage Attitude Mode- Must Achieve Double Amber Flash
                o Engage GPS Mode- Must Achieve Double Purple Flash

     \

   J o While in GPS mode engage "Course Lock" mode. Must achieve green Flash
o Do not engage motors. Set throttle to center position. Must achieve single amber flash in
    Attitude Mode and single purple flash in GPS mode

o HDMI switch On (video on camera itself should go off)
o Freestyle switch On (FPV Off)
o Verify camera operation (If problems, check Drive Mode- Remote Cmdr must be "on",

    manual focus, intelligent auto)

o Verify data link if installed - rolling copter manually should change gauges
o Upload flight plan
o Verify altitude is about 0 via gauge on computerjGCS/video monitor
o Timers set properly
~\ TAKEOFF CHECKLIST
) o Engage GPS mode - Double purple flash

               o Engage Course Lock mode (double green flash)
               o Announce loudly: "CLEAR PROP"
               o Position the sticks in the lower left hand corners, then immediately raise the throttle 2

                    clicks, and center the right stick.
               o Advance throttle to 1/4 power for 5 seconds. Assure all motors are operating.

               o Verify that left/right and forward/back stick movement engages the proper motors
               o Verify data and video links are still operational
               o Announce loudly: "TAKING OFF"
               o Advance throttle to full. Copter must jump off of the ground.
               o Ascend to 10 feet. Center throttle stick. Should be single green flash. Verify wireless

                    link, GPS hold, camera operation, gauges, etc. are working properly.

               o Verify course lock is operational by rotating 90 degrees and pushing forward on stick.
               o Verify copter stability. If unstable, land and reset gains, recalibrate, or retest as

                    necessary.

               o Raise landing gear
               o Proceed with manual mission
               o For autopilot operation

                         · Ascend to 30 feet manually
                         · Engage autopilot
               o PIC/VO must monitor the informational LED and be ready to take over in manual
                    mode when necessary.
               o PIC to request copter flight battery voltage readout from camera operator
                    periodically.
   QUICK PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST
            o Landing zone clear
            o Level copter with correct heading
            o Battery 4.1 +full, 3.8 depleted
            o Camera on. SD card in.
            o Both TX on
            o Copter on
            o Check GPS and Course lock checks
            o Video check
            o Photo check
            o Timers ready
            o Takeoff
            o Raise Landing Gear
            o Unplug batteries upon landing

)
    ERROR MESSAGES

             o White flashes
                       · IMU malfunction. Land and determine cause. Possibilities:

                                · GPS/Compass not pointing forward

                                · IMU not pointing forward

                                · Set up of X, Y, Z for location of IMU and Compass is incorrect

              o Excessive rocking/instability possible causes:

                   · Weak motor
                   · Structure flexing from fatigue or cracks

                      · Motor mount
                      · Main frame
                      · Booms

                   · Loose Bolts causing flexing or misalignment

                      · Props
                      · Mounts

\. · Props out of balance
) · Props misaligned

                   · Excessive wind speeds or gusts
                   · Excessive Gains

                       · Excessive motor power. Max motor power must be a little more than typical
                           ascent power.

              o Red Flashes (1, 2 or 3 flashes with pauses) - GPS loss (3 is more serious). Land if loss
                  lasts for more than 30 seconds. Possible causes:
                       · Clouds

                       · Structures

                       · GPS mal-function

                       · GPS too close to electrical components
                       · GPS vibration
    LANDING CHECKLIST
              o Landing area clear
              o Lower landing gear
              o Note obstacles in flightpath
              o Announce loudly: "LANDING"
              o First cut power to the aircraft
              o Note elapsed time of flight
              o Adjust any parameters (camera servo speed, exponential, etc)
              o Turn power off to transmitters, camera, goggles, monitors, Rxs, etc.
              o Touch motors to verify temperatures are similar
              o Complete flight log

                     · Date and time of flight

                   · Batteries used
                   · Time of Flight

\
)
TABLE OF CONTENTS
    · Section 1: General
    · Section 2: Limitations
    · Section 3: Emergency Procedures
    · Section 4: Normal Procedures
    · Section 5: Performance
    · Section 6: Weight and Balance/Equipment List
    · Section 7: Air Vehicle and Systems Description
    · Section 8: Handling, Service and Maintenance
    · Section 9: Supplements
                                                SECTION 1
                                                 GENERAL

NOTE: In an effort to minimize costs and maximize spare parts availability, many COTS
(commercial off the shelf) components have been utilized. Some may have slight modifications to
better suit this application. Most COTS products have separate data sheets, assembly manuals and
instruction manuals. They are reference in this document, with key factors being emphasized.

As with all high technology products utilizing constantly evolving software, it is important to
periodically check for online upgrades to the COTS components, including hardware, firmware
and software.

WARNING: Great care must be taken with the batteries. Much of this manual and supplemental
information is devoted to the use and care of the batteries, especially the flight batteries. They are
less volatile than gasoline, though they should be treated with the same respect. Become very
familiar with proper techniques of their use.

GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS
         o Primarily for ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance)
         o Economical due to extensive use of COTS products
         o Low Visual Signature
         o Low Aural Signature
         o Quick Launch and Recovery
         o Short Training Period
         o Simple Operation
         o Waypoint Navigation
         o Backpackable
         o VTOL
         o Quick Repairs
         o Redundant Flight Systems
         o Safety Return to Home during lost link or low battery
         o High Degree of Mission Success
         o GPS navigation aid
         o Various sensors
         o 24lb max takeoffweight
         o Operating Temp Range: -5°C to +60°C
         o Flight Modes: Manual and GPS aided waypoint navigation
             o Maximum Operating Altitude: 1000 meters
             o Maximum Operation Wind Conditions: 10 mjs
             o Propulsion System: LiPoly batteries
             o Takeoff: Manual or Automatic
             o Landing: Manual or Automatic
             o Takeoff/Recovery Area: 5m square

    IMPORTANT DIMENSIONS
              o Distance rotor to rotor across the center: 41"
              o Height with GPS/Compass folded down: 21"
              o Height with GPS/Compass up: 25"
              o Length of landing gear skids: 18"
              o Distance between landing gear skids: 21"

    IMPORTANT WEIGHTS
              o Weight including Nex 7 camera, Zenmuse gimbal, A2 autopilot system, landing gear,

) data transceiver, RC transceiver, video transmitter, regulators and all wiring-

                  everything except battery: 13.4lbs
              o Maximum TakeoffWeight: 24lbs
              o Battery Weight: up to 9.5 lbs with Nex camera and Zenmuse Gimbal

    MOTORS
              o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
              o Number of motors: 8
              o Motor type: 41mm x 14mm
              o Motor Model Number: 4114-11
              o Motor KV/RPM: 400
              o Motor max@ 25.2V: 10,000 rpm
              o Motor Max Power: 500 Watts
              o Power rating: 4000 Watts maximum power consumption for all8 motors
              o Current Max: 100 amps
              o Amp Draw Typical Average: 65 amps
     PROPELLERS
               o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
               o Material: Composite
               o Number of propellers: 8
               o Propeller model number: DJI 15 x 5.2
               o Number of blades: 2- folding
               o Propeller Diameter: 15"
               o Propeller Pitch (fixed): 5.2"
               o Max rpm: 10,000 rpm

      ELECTRONIC SPEED CONTROLS
               o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
               o Number of speed controls: 8
               o Speed control model number: DJI 40A Opto
               o Rating in amps: 40 Amps continuous
               o Signal Frequency: 30- 450Hz

) o Drive PWM Frequency: 8 KHz

     AUTOPILOT
               o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
               o Autopilot Model Number: DJI A2
               o Components: GPS/Compass, IMU, Master Controller, Power Distribution System, LED
                   Indicator Lighting System, Data Transceiver, GCS Software
               o Power Consumption: SW
               o Operating Temp Range: -5°C to +60°C

            o Software Compatible: Windows XP sp3 I Windows 7

               o Hovering Accuracy: Vertical:± O.Sm; Horizontal:± 2m
\. WIRELESS LINKS
            o Distributor: DJI-Innovations
            o Frequencies:
                     · 2.4 Ghz datalink with WiFi
                     · 2.4 Ghz Command & Control
                     · 5.8 Ghz Video
            o Power Consumption: 1 watt
            o Usable Range: Less than 2 km.

   FUEL/FLIGHT BATTERY
            o Manufacturers: Various COTS suppliers
            o Battery chemistry recommended: Lithium Polymer
            o Battery Capacity: 16,000 - 42,000 mah
            o Battery cell count required: 6S (6 cells in series)
            o Battery Voltage: 21 V minimum during hover, 22.2V nominal, 25.2V maximum
            o Battery Minimum Rated Discharge Rate: 20C minimum

')\ o Battery Minimum Charge Rate: 1C (3C preferable)
            o Battery Rest Time between discharging and charging: 0-30 minutes
            o Batteries used simultaneously: 1-4
            o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80-90%

   FLIGHT PARAMETERS
            o Flight Time: up to 30 minutes
            o Payload Max: 11lbs
            o Power Consumption in a Hover at 21lb takeoffweight: 1500 Watts, 65 amps
   WARNINGS

   o Never power a video transmitter or receiver without an antenna connected or overload
       failure will occur.

   o Read all information regarding batteries contained in this manual and supplements.

   o Batteries are highly flammable and can explode, especially when fully charged.
       Improper charging, vibration, impact, high discharge, etc. can lead to explosion and fire.
       Batteries must be charged under constant supervision and using proper precautions.

   o Batteries fully charged must be handled with extreme care.

   o Store batteries between 20%- 50% charged state. Fully charge just before use.

   o Fully charged batteries which are not to be used within 24 hours should be discharged
       to 20%- 50% charged state.

   o Discharging LiPoly batteries in excess of 80% of their rated capacity can cause harm to
       the batteries.

   o Using more than one battery at a time requires the proper wiring harness so that the
       voltage is no more than 25.2V. Over voltage will cause serious damage to electrical
       equipment.

   o Using more than one battery at a time requires weight and balance checks. Proper CG is
       critical to performance. Airframe must not be overloaded.

\  o Propellers must be balanced to avoid excessive vibration.

)

   o GPS/Compass must be facing forward.

   o Do not use GPS Mode without GPS lock.

   o Use low strength thread locking compound on all screws.

   o Wireless Video and Data ranges vary considerably on many factors including weather,
       equipment, and obstructions. Be prepared for com failures.

)
                                                   SECTION 2
                                                LIMITATIONS

  AIRSPEED LIMITATIONS
           o Vne- Velocity to Never Exceed: 15 mjs
           o Va- Typical Maneuvering Speed: 5 mjs

  POWER & POWERPLANT LIMITATIONS
            o 40 Amps max per motor
            o 40 Amps max per speed control
            o 320 Amps max total
            o Do not exceed 80-90% discharge of rated battery capacity
            o Do not charge batteries which are warmer than air temperature
            o Allow batteries to cool after use before charging
            o Leave an air gap between batteries when multiple batteries are used simultaneously

\. WEIGHT LIMITS

)

            o TakeoffWeight Max: 24lbs
                     · Must be checked prior to takeoff if any change in equipment is made

  CENTER OF GRAVITY LIMITS
            o 3mm from the center of any of the three pairs of arms
                     · Must be checked before every flight to ensure batteries were installed in the
                          proper location.
                     · Check all 4 pairs of arms before flight

  MANEUVER LIMITS
            o This aircraft is intended for non-aerobatic operations
            o G-loading maximum: 2G
)

  TEMPERATURE LIMITS
            o Operating Temp Range: -10°C to +40°C
            o In cold temperatures
                     · Keep IMU at room temperature if possible before the flight

               · Keep Batteries above soc before flight

                     · Do not fly with any frost or ice on the propellers
            o In warm temperatures

                     · Batteries heat up when discharged

                 · The higher the discharge rate the higher the temperature increase during use
                 · At temperatures above 45°C, use of 2 or more batteries is required to lower the

                         load on any one battery pack to keep it cooler.

  WEATHER LIMITS
            o Light dust and light rain require the use of a shield for the electronics in the center
                section.

\ o Light dust and light rain are acceptable for the unshielded motor and ESC.
)

  RANGE LIMITS
            o FUEL
                     · Fuel capacity is a primary limiting factor.
                     · Flying into the wind will use more battery power to travel the same ground
                         distance. Higher air speeds will be required to penetrate the wind which used
                         more battery power. Take this into account when flying a mission.
                     · Where possible, fly upwind at the start of a mission and downwind at the end to
                         avoid depleting the battery before returning to base. Have alternative landing
                         sites available in case of emergency landing.
            o WIRELESS LINK

                 · Wireless links will be stable in LOS (line of sight) in most conditions
                 · Wireless links are always susceptible to shorter ranges due to

                              · Atmospheric conditions
                              · Other transmission devices in the area
                              · Jamming
                              · Antennas not aligned properly
                              · Improper voltage

J

                              · Antenna blockage from Aerial Vehicle (AV) in certain positions
                              · Multipath- reflection off buildings or ground which cause multiple

                                   signals to arrive at different times and/or phase.

)
                                              SECTION 3
                                    EMERGENCY PROCEDURES

   MOTOR FAILURE

            o Operation is possible with one motor/ESC/propeller failure

                     · The two adjacent motors/ESCs will be increased in thrust automatically by the
                          flight controller to overcome the loss

                     · In cases where the airframe is highly loaded the maximum rating of 40 amps
                          may be exceeded by these two motors/ESCs

                     · Operation should be terminated as soon as possible to reduce the possibility of
                          damage to the remaining motors

   COMMUNICATION FAlLURE

            o Video link failure

                     · 5.8 Ghz being the shortest wavelength in general AV use has the least ability to
                          penetrate. This link should be the first to be lost.

                     · It is best to lose video first! It is the least likely to cause a crash when it fails.
                          5.8 Ghz can lose link with little warning.

) · Ensure that the GCS station antennas are perpendicular to the AV. Do not point

                          the antenna at the AV.

                     · Yaw the AV to change the antenna position

                     · Other links should still be good. Return back to the GCS until link is restored.
                          Transmitters produce heat when in operation. When overheated they may have
                          thermal protection which interrupts use temporarily. Use of a heat sink or fan
                          may be required especially with high ambient temperatures.

                     · Higher gain antennas may be used, but do so with caution. High gain antennas
                          are directional.

                     · Multiple antennas using "diversity" can be used. Diversity is a device which
                          determines the best signal, and uses that.

                     · 5.8 Ghz even at high wattages theoretically has less range than lower
                          frequencies. Changing to 1.3 Ghz is an option, though there are other issues to be
                          considered.

            o RC link failure

                     · 2.4 Ghz antennas can lose link with little warning.

                     · Anything in between the two antennas can cause temporary signal loss
                          especially a person.
                       · Hold the transmitter up in the air and walk in the general direction of the AV.

                       · Ensure that the antenna is vertical. Do not point the antenna at the AV.

                       · The failsafes on the RC link should be set so that the AV returns to home. Should
                           this require a heading change, the antenna may move into a more desirable
                           position and link will be restored.

                       · The onboard equipment may block the signal. Yaw the AV so that the antennas
                           point towards the GCS.

                       · A LRS (long range system) can be used as a permanent solution. This is higher in
                           wattage and usually on 43 3 Mhz.

              Data Link Failure
                       · 900 Mhz do not lose link without some warning. When drop outs are noticed to
                           increase in frequency that is the limit of the range.

                       · If using 900 Mhz, this is on cell phone frequency. If a cell tower is nearby it can
                           swamp the signal. 900 Mhz may not be usable in that area. Change to a different
                           freq. or remain closer to the AV

               LOW BATTERY POWER

.\

 ) · Fail-safes can be set such that in the event of low battery power, either due to a
                           failure or too long of a flight, the warning light on the AV will constantly flash
                           amber. This is the first level of warning.

                       · The second warning level is red flashing lights

                       · Auto landing will occur when battery power is low. It may land in a tree or a
                           lake, so this is not desirable.

                       · Landing with 80-90% of battery depleted is best. Therefore landing with 17,000
                           mah used and 3,000 mah remaining of a 20,000 mah battery is desirable.
                           Batteries should be drawn down equally when in use if they are both charged
                           equally and both in relatively the same condition/age.

                       · Do not mix partially charged batteries. Only use completely charged batteries.

                       · Over discharging a battery below 19.8V can permanently damage the battery.
\ GCS FAILURE

)

                     · Takeover by the external pilot should happen ASAP using the RC link.
                     · Most often happens due to a low battery.
                     · Keep a spare 3 cell LiPoly battery with the appropriate plug to plug into the

                          charge jack for emergency use. Most chargers are 19V output which is roughly
                          equivalent to a 4-cell battery. 3-cell batteries may work.

            COMPASS CALIBRATION ERROR
                     · Ifthe compass is out of calibration the warning light will flash red. This is the
                          same signal as low voltage. If the voltage is correct, there is a calibration error.
                     · Recalibrate the compass following the instruction manual

            FIRE
                     · Fires can occur due to a short circuit or battery failure.
                     · Disconnect the battery ASAP unless there is danger in doing so if there is any
                          electrical issue.
                     · It is not possible to put out a battery fire.
                     · Do not attempt to put out a battery fire. Use a fire extinguisher to put out fires
                          surrounding the battery. A C02 fire extinguisher is better than the powder or
                          chemical type. C02 does not leave a residue. Water can be used though it may
                          cause other electrical component failures.

            FORCED LANDINGS
                     · If alternate emergency landing zones should be chosen ahead of time.
                     · Be sure that the LZ is clear of people to avoid any incidents.
                     · Land in the nearest LZ which is clear of people.
                     · Announce your intentions of landing as loud as necessary to alert people of the
                          incoming AV.
                                                SECTION 4
                                        SET UP SUGGESTIONS

ELECTRONICS BURN IN

         o We recommend that you put weights onto the landing skids to keep the copter on the
             ground and run the copter at about 70% throttle for about 2 hours to burn in the
             electronics. Most electronic failures occur in the first 2 hours of operation.

GPS/COMPASS MAST LENGTH

        o We found that the higher the mast, the better the GPS reception

Nex5N vs. Nex7 vs. Canon 50 vs. Panasonic GH3

         o These cameras are excellent for stills, and very good for video. The best for video is the
              Panasonic GH4 with 4k capabilities.

         o We found that the Nex SN takes exceptional quality stills and video, though most
             professionals use the Nex 7. The Canon SD is better than the Nex7 due to its larger
             sensor.

         o Use the Panasonic GH4 if you primarily shoot video

RADIO SETUP

         o Follow the instructions in the manual
         o We prefer the switch assignment as shown in the checklists above though feel free to

             modify to your liking

COPTER COMMAND AND CONTROL

         o We recommend the use of a dual rate switch for main copter operation.
                  · High rate - used to initialize the motors. The flight controller will not engage
                       unless it sees full down throttle, full left rudder, full left cyclic and full back
                       cyclic. However, these may be too high for normal flying. On high rate it is helpful
                       to utilize fairly high exponential to make the stick feel soft around center. Adjust
                       to your preference.
                  · Low rate - used for typical flying. Set the end point adjustments such that full
                       stick deflection offers the maximum speed required in normal flying. If
                       conditions require higher flight speeds, switch to high rate. On low rate it is also
                       helpful to utilize a small amount of exponential to make the stick feel soft around
                       center. Adjust to your preference.
    ZENMUSE COMMAND AND CONTROL
             o We recommend the use of a dual rate switch for gimbal operation.
                      · High rate - used to initialize the gimbal. The gimbal may not engage unless it
                           sees full motion. However, these may be too high for shooting video smoothly.
                           This is best for still photography so as to put the camera on target quickly. On
                           high rate it is helpful to utilize fairly high exponential to make the stick feel soft
                           around center. Adjust to your preference.
                      · Low rate- used for videography. Set the end point adjustments such that full
                           stick deflection offers the maximum speed required for videography. If
                           conditions require higher gimbal speeds, switch to high rate. On low rate it is
                           also helpful to utilize a small amount of exponential to make the stick feel soft
                           around center. Adjust to your preference.

    TIMERS
             o Use of the countdown timer is a good backup method to ensure landing with battery
                 power.
                      · Set the timer for 20 minutes (or what you deem appropriate) and have it start
                           when the throttle is over 1/4. Then adjust the timer upwards until the amount of
                           battery used is about 80-90% of the total available. If using 20,000 mah
                           batteries, a total of 17,000 mah would be the target. Set the timer such that you
                           have a minute or so to land after the alarm sounds so that you have adequate

) time to return to base. Adjust to your preference.

    BATTERIES
             o Replace the transmitter standard battery with a Lipoly battery to extend use times to 8
                  hours. Supplied batteries often last about 2 hours.

  )
         . \ NORMAL PROCEDURES
                  }

               PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

                        o Confirm all communication radios are operational

"'

                                 · Radios with others in the group

                        o Set a perimeter of 500 feet
                                 · Area must be clear of people to avoid collision

                        o Check for overhead power lines and other obstacles to avoid

                        o Check structural integrity
                                 · In event of prior crash, inspect all booms, props and motor mounts for excessive
                                      flex indicating structural fatigue/failure

                        o Have a manual flight plan avoiding obstacles.

                        o Load auto flight plan if using one
                                · Be sure that the total flight time is under 15 minutes to avoid low battery

                        o Clean lens

                              · Remove lens cap

                        o Ensure camera has SD card installed

                        o Install batteries
                                 · Ensure that the straps are tight and the Velcro keeps the batteries from moving
                                      which will avoid a shift in the CG (Center of Gravity- or that it balances evenly)

                        o Check CG (Center of Gravity)

                                 · Lift the copter on each of the 3 pairs of arms. The copter should balance
                                     properly. If not, do not fly. Rearrange the equipment to achieve proper
                                      CG

                        o IMU pointing forward
                                 · The Inertial Measurement Unit is set so that it must face forward

                        o GPS/Compass installed, limited free play, pointing forward
                                 · This device must be installed with a screw to hold it in place. It cannot vibrate
                                      easily. If it does not point forward, the corrections in ATTI and GPS mode will be
                                      incorrect and it will crash. The FC will provide a warning with constant flashing
                                      white lights.

                        o Level copter using a bubble level with front pointing in correct direction for course lock
                             - do not turn on

                                 · Keep in mind the best angle for pointing the landing gear in the direction that
            ./ will keep the landing gear out of the shot when flying.
            o Turn on Pilot Tx

            o If using the rate gyro, set it at the correct position. This is usually a slider switch. Gains
                should have the range set from 200- 350. Use the highest gain possible which does not
                cause oscillation.

            o Check Model Selection on Tx to be S1000

            o Throttle on Tx Down

            o Return to Home switch Off

            o Adjust gain to correct position (if required)

            o Manual Flight Mode Switch to manual (notATTl or GPS mode)

            o Flight Path Switch Off- Not Course or Home or POI

            o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.5v)

                     · These settings above are required to initialize the copter properly. If the
                         switches are in the incorrect position, it will not initialize properly which may
                         cause some of the functions like course lock or GPS mode to not operate
                          properly.

                     · If the copter does not function properly after takeoff, land immediately and
                          disconnect the copter power. Then put all the switches in the proper position for
                         initialization and turn the power back on to the copter.

\

) o Count down timer should be set to 20 minutes. This can be adjusted to your flying style.
                The timer should engage at 1/4 throttle and trigger an alarm at the proper time. This is
                a backup alarm in case the indicator lights on the copter are not visible.

            o Turn on Video Tx

            o Check Model Selection on Tx- should read Zenmuse

            o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.5v)

            o HDMI switch Off

            o Freestyle switch Off (FPV On)

                     · These settings above are required to initialize the Zenmuse properly. If the
                          switches are in the incorrect position, it will not initialize properly which may
                          cause some of the functions like live video or gimbal operation to not operate
                          properly.

                     · If the camera or gimbal do not function properly, disconnect the copter power.
                         Then put all the switches in the proper position for initialization and turn the
                          power back on to the copter.

            o Engage power to copter

                     · Plug in the battery pack
                   · 6 quick chirps should be heard confirming 6S LiPoly batteries are recognized by

                         the ESCs.

                              · Hearing less than 6 chirps indicates fewer cell battery packs are being
                                  recognized which is incorrect. Check for improper or damaged batteries.

           o Do not move or vibrate the copter until 30 seconds after full GPS Lock

                     · Initial 3 red blinks is normal meaning no GPS lock. No red flashes indicates full
                         GPS lock.

                     · Continue with checklist as you are waiting for full GPS lock, but do not move the
                         copter.

                     · Ifthe GPS takes more than 5 minutes to lock, there is a problem with the area. It
                         is not receiving the proper signals from the satellites. GPS signals are weak, so
                         trees, people, buildings, terrain, weather, have an effect. Move the copter into a
                         more open area where it can more easily see the satellites.

           o Check Copter Voltage from both Tx's (transmitters)

                     · The transmitters receive a signal from the corresponding receivers. The voltages
                         are regulated to about Sv. If the voltage is below 4.4v or above 6v do not fly.
                         There may be power regulation issues. The receivers cannot work outside this
                         voltage consistently. Also there is some issue if the voltage is outside that range
                         which should be resolved before flying.

\ o Engage Attitude Mode- Must achieve double amber flash

           o Engage GPS Mode- Must achieve double purple flash

           o Engage course cock mode- Must achieve double green flash

           o Disengage course lock mode. Must achieve double purple flash. Stay in this mode until
                just prior to takeoff, after takeoff at any time, or do not use.

           o Do not engage motors. Set throttle to center position. Must achieve single purple flash
                when in GPS mode.

                     · To verify that the sticks are all centered properly:

                     · With throttle in the center position, use the trim buttons on the transmitter to
                         check that the sticks are centered. Trim the roll (the stick located on the right
                         side of the transmitter when moved to the right and left) to the right, counting
                         the number of clicks until a double flash occurs. Then center the trim. Then move
                         the trim to the left, counting the number of clicks until a double flash occurs. An
                         equal number of clicks should be counted each side of center.

                     · Do this check for the 3 stick movements other than throttle.

                     · Center the trim such that when the stick is in the neutral position that there are
                         equal numbers of clicks in each direction. This ensures that when the sticks are
                         neutralized that the flight controller will recognize this signal and engage GPS
                         mode.
            \. o Calibrate GPS/Compass before the first flight each day or if receiving continuous red
            ) blinks or continuous white blinks.

                                 · Flip the GPS mode switch 7 times very quickly from manual to GPS. End with the
                                      switch in the manual position. The indicator light will be blue. Rotate the copter

l about 1.5 turns in a horizontal position. A green flashing light indicates that this
                                      is complete. Then hold the copter vertically and rotate about 1.5 turns. A white
                                      flashing light indicates that this is complete. Repeat if necessary until this is
                                      completed.

                        o After calibration, reset the copter by cycling battery with copter pointed in the correct
                             heading for course lock

                        o Engage Camera

                        o HDMI switch On

                                 · This will stop video from playing on the back of the camera and will send the
                                      video signal to the video transmitter via the HDMI connection.

                        o Freestyle switch On (FPV Off)

                                 · This allows the camera to be operated freely through the transmitter

                        o Verify camera operation

                                 · Operate the shutter

        ) · Set the focus to auto or manual. Manual setting is usually set to infinity to stop

                                      constant focusing of the camera.

                        o Verify data link if installed

                                 · Roll the copter about 45 degrees on its side by lifting one side of the copter and
                                      resting one side of the landing gear on the ground

                                 · A corresponding roll should be seen on the gauge.

                                 · If the copter is rolled to the right, it will appear on the gauge that the horizon
                                      rolls to the left- not the right because the view from inside the copter is that the
                                      horizon rolls the opposite direction of the copter.

                        o Verify altitude is about 0 via gauge on computer

                                 · If it is not about 0, the altitude settings for the waypoints will be off by this
                                      amount. This could cause the copter to fly at 10 meters or 30 meters if the
                                      waypoint is set for 20 meters and the altitude is off by 10 meters one way or
                                      another. If the copter thinks it is at 10 meters when it is on the ground, then it
                                      will only rise 10 meters above the ground to achieve what it believes it to be 20
                                      meters above the ground.

                                 · The altitude can be reset using the ground control software by going to altitude
                                      offset.

                        o Alternate Emergency Landing Sites Established
NORMAL TAKEOFF

         o Engage GPS mode- Double purple flash when the throttle is down.
         o Switch to Course Lock flight mode if required. Purple flashes are replaced with green

             flashes. Flying in course lock is not required, but helpful in many instances.

         o Announce loudly: "CLEAR PROP"

         o Move both of the sticks to the bottom left corners to engage the motors. Within 1
             second move the throttle up 1/8- 1/4. The copter should not lift off until about 50%
             stick is reached.

         o Verify data and video links before lifting off. If anything is not working properly, move
             the throttle stick to low to disengage the motors and determine a solution.

         o If all flight checks are passed, announce loudly: "TAKING OFF"

       o Advance throttle to about 3I 4. Copter must jump off of the ground to avoid one skid

             coming up before the other skid, and the skid on the ground getting caught and flipping
             the copter over sideways.

         o Ascend to 3 meters. Then decrease throttle to 50% to engage the GPS hold.

         o Verify links, GPS, Attitude, etc. Should be single purple flash.
         o Verify that the copter is holding position within .5m in all directions.

         o Verify camera operation

         o Verify course lock is operational by rotating 90 degrees and pushing forward on stick
         o Verify copter stability. If unstable, land and reset gains, recalibrate, or retest as

             necessary.

         o Proceed with manual mission or

         o For autopilot operation
                  · Ascend to 30 feet

                  · Command aerial vehicle observer (AVO) to proceed with mission.

                           · Pilot should say "It's yours"

                           · Response from AVO "I have it"
         o Manual pilot/observer must monitor the informational LED and be ready to take over

             in manual mode when necessary.

                  · White flashes indicates flight controller issue
                  · Amber flashes indicates low battery

                  · Red flashes indicate loss of GPS or severe battery condition

                           · Quick decisions are required when red flashes are indicated

                           · 10 seconds or more ofloss of GPS signal will stop waypoint guidance and
                                any GPS hold and put into manual mode.
\ · Red indicator light battery warning requires immediate landing

)

            o Manual pilot to request copter flight battery voltage readout from AVO periodically.
                     · Reset the first and second indicator lights as required for your set up.

                     · Also use the countdown timer on the transmitter. This gives a good indication of
                          battery level because the current used is fairly constant from flight to flight.

   POST LANDING
            o Note flight time from transmitter. Write this down in the log book.
            o Note battery power used during the flight. Write this down in the log book.
            o ALWAYS disconnect the main power to the AV first, then turn off the transmitter.
            o Check motor temperatures by touching them with your fingers. Any motors which are
                 excessively hot should be further inspected and possibly replaced.
            o Check battery temperatures by touching them with your fingers. Battery temperatures
                 should not be hot to the touch. Battery temperatures should be slightly above ambient.
            o Inspect all components especially the propellers for wear.
            o Note in logbook which batteries were used to calculate life cycle.

\

 )

   AIRCRAFT FLIGHT LOG BOOK
            o Keep a log of all flights.

                   · Date

                  · Time of Day
                  · Time in Operation (in hours)
                  · Battery serial numbers
                  · Mah used in flight
                  · Location
                  · Pilot, Observer, Sensor Operator Names
                  · Flight Objective
                  · Remarks
AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE LOG BOOK
        o Keep a log of significant inspections, tests, repairs, alterations, equipment changes.
                  · Date maintenance is performed
                  · Accumulated hours of operation
                  · Remarks

PILOT LOG BOOK
         o Keep a log of all flights. Include the following:

               · Aircraft flown
               · Aircraft serial number
               · Date
               · Time of Day
               · Time in Operation (in hours)
               · Location
               · Flight Objective
               · Remarks
                                               SECTION 5
                                            PERFORMANCE

FLIGHT TIMES

         o The AVis designed to hover at high efficiency. Hovering is much less efficient than
             flying on a wing, thus flight times are low compared to fixed wing aircraft.

         o All the weight of the AVis supported by power from the batteries. As the batteries are
             used in a flight, the amount of power available decreases. Therefore the power reserve
             is constantly decreasing as the battery is being used. Thus loading a rotorcraft above its
             limit is not recommended. While the AV may have enough power to lift off initially on a
             full charge, the power reserve at partial charge may be too low to allow for
             maneuvering and will result in a crash.

         o High lateral speeds will add lift to slightly improve efficiency. The rotors act similar to
             fixed wings at higher speeds. This increase in efficiency may be negated by the
             increased power consumption of forward flight.

         o High winds or gusts decrease efficiency/flight time. The motors work harder to hold
             position.

         o As weight increases flight times decrease.

WIRELESS TRANSMISSION

         o Refer to the specific manuals for performance ratings.

         o Wireless communications utilized provide acceptable communication for line of sight
         (LOS).
         o In general:

                  · LOS is required

                  · The higher the GCS antennas, the better the range

                  · RSSI (Received Signal Strength Indication) should be monitored for indication of
                       communication drop out.
                                                SECTION 6
                          WEIGHT AND BALANCE EQUIPMENT LIST

Center of Gravity (CG)

         o CG is critical to the efficient operation of any AV

         o When components are shifted, the CG will be altered.
         o The main components which are moved on a regular basis are the sensors and the

             batteries.

         o The sensors are typically in the front of the AV, and the batteries are located in the
             correct position to offset all the components on the AV.

         o The CG must be tested after any change to the components or their placement.

         o The CG should be tested by lifting the UV with fingers on the bottom of the arms. Check
             all4 pairs of arms. The CG should be no more than 2mm off in any on the 3 checks. The
             closer the CG is to the centerlines of the arms the more efficient and the more stable the
             AVwill be.

WEIGHT

         o Weight is critical to the operation of any aircraft
         o Weight is especially critical to a rotor wing aircraft. At full throttle the motors have a

             finite amount of thrust. All the weight is lifted by the battery power, there is no wing to
             assist in providing lift.

         o As the batteries are operated, they lose power. At full charge they have about 25v. At
             20% remaining capacity they have about 21v. This is a loss of 8% of the power available
             which is significant.

         o Do not overload the aircraft or there will not be sufficient reserve power to maneuver
             at low battery levels.
                                                SECTION 7
                          AIR VEHICLE AND SYSTEMS DESCRIPTION

FUEL/BATTERY REQUIRED
         o Manufacturers: Various COTS suppliers.
         o Refer to manufacturer data sheet.
         o Battery chemistry required: Lithium Polymer
         o Battery Capacity: 16,000 mah (minimum)
         o Battery cell count required: 6S (6 cells in series)
         o Battery Voltage: 21 V minimum at hover, 22.2V nominal, 25.2V maximum
         o Battery Minimum Rated Discharge Rate: 20C minimum
         o Batteries used simultaneously: 1-4 typical
         o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80-90%

WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS
         o Refer to the specific manuals for performance ratings.
         o Never power a video transmitter or receiver without an antenna connected or overload
             failure will occur.
         o Wireless communications utilized provide acceptable communication for LOS.
         o In general:
                 o LOS is required.
                 o Lower frequencies penetrate objects such as trees better than higher frequencies.
                 o Lower frequencies have longer range than high frequencies
                 o Higher frequencies can transfer more data than lower frequencies
                 o Higher frequencies use smaller/shorter antennas
             o The higher the GCS antennas, the better the range and reception
         o Frequencies may have severe degradation due to location to other admitters such as
             cell towers
         o Range must be constantly monitored.
         o Alternate antenna types may be utilized to improve link/range. Patch, helical, omni, etc.
             can be substituted. They must be verified before use.
         o Alternate frequencies may be utilized to improve link/range.
                                                SECTION 8
                           HANDLING, SERVICE AND MAINTENANCE

PROPELLER CARE

         o Propellers must be checked each flight for nicks or cracks
         o Propellers are designed to last indefinitely if they do not impact dust, dirt or more.

BATTERY CARE AND USE

         o Refer to instruction sheet included from the battery manufacturer. Typical information
             follows.

         o Batteries are highly flammable and can explode, especially when fully charged.
             Improper charging, vibration, impact, high discharge, etc. can lead to explosion and fire.
             Batteries must be charged under constant supervision and using proper precautions.

         o Batteries fully charged must be handled with extreme care.
         o Any battery which puffs up is considered damaged and must not be used. It is in a

             dangerous state. Never charge a puffed up battery.
         o Any battery which holds less than 80% of its rated capacity should be discarded.
         o Cycle test each battery after every 50 cycles or if a battery is suspected to have lost as

             significant amount of its capacity to determine the current capacity.
         o Properly dispose of batteries. First discharge the battery fully using a battery cycler.

             Bring to a recycler such as a home improvement store.
         o Always charge flight batteries under "balance" mode.
         o Flight Battery Recommended Charge Rate: 1 C

         o Flight Battery Maximum Charge Rate: May exceed SC. Charge rates higher than 1C will
             decrease life cycles. Maximum charge rating per the manufacturer will provide 300+
             cycles. Use the lowest charge rate which is practical.

         o Battery Rest Time between discharging and charging: 30 minutes minimum, 1 hour
             maximum.

      o Do not charge if the battery is more than zoe warmer than ambient, especially if the
         temperature is above zooc. The outer surface is cooler than the inner core after use.

             Damage will occur when charging a warm battery.
         o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80%. Using more of the capacity of the

             battery will decrease the life cycles
         o As battery temperature approaches freezing the capacity of Lithium Polymer batteries

         decrease. Keep warmer than soc before installing into the UV (unmanned vehicle).
