September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12690
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1352

Ms. Kristen Brumbaugh
Blackhound Creative Werks
328 Bluestem Drive
Elgin, SC 29045

Dear Ms. Brumbaugh:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April, 20 and July 25, 2015 you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Blackhound Creative Werks (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography for real estate, marketing, and special
events.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Blackhound Creative Werks is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Blackhound Creative Werks is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                          
  
April  20,  2015  
  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
  
RE:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  
  
  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:  
  
This  petition  is  being  submitted  on  our  behalf  with  legal  counsel  or  consulting  
services.  
  
Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  
Reform  Act)  and  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  Blackhound  Creative  Werks,  a  design  and  
photography  studio  company,  hereby  applies  for  an  exemption  from  the  Federal  
Aviation  Regulations  (FARs)  listed  below  to  allow  operation  of  our  Small  Unmanned  
Aircraft  System  (sUAS)  commercially  in  airspace  regulated  by  the  Federal  Aviation  
Administration  (FAA)  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  with  and  under  the  
conditions  outlined  herein  or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  
Section  333.  
  
The  requested  exemption  would  permit  Blackhound  Creative  Werks  to  pursue  its  
commercial  interests  in  providing  services  to  clients  using  a  small  advanced  sUAV  in  
the  following  areas:  
  

    · Real  Estate  
    · Marketing  
    · Special  Events  
  
Blackhound  Creative  Werks  states  that  all  sUAS  flights  will  occur  over  private  or  
controlled  access  property  and  will  do  so  with  the  property  owner's  consent  and  
knowledge  and  that  only  people  who  have  consented  or  otherwise  agreed  to  be  in  
the  area  where  videography  will  take  place.    
  
Regulations  from  which  exemption  is  requested:  
  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21  
14  C.F.R.  45.23  
14  C.F.R.  91.7  
14  C.F.R.  91.9  
14  C.F.R.  91.109  
14  C.F.R.  91.119  
14  C.F.R.  91.121  
14  C.F.R.  91.151  
14  C.F.R.  91.203  
14  C.F.R.  subpart  E  91.401-91.417  
  
Unmanned  Aircraft  System  
sUAVS  are  often  as  seen  as  superior  to  helicopters  as  an  aerial  gathering  platform  
due  to  the  smaller  devices,  cheaper  equipment  and  personnel  cost,  reduced  noise,  
and  much  smaller  environmental  impact  which  promotes  public  safety.  
  
Blackhound  Creative  Werks  is  petitioning  for  an  exemption  to  operate  a  DJI  
Phantom  2  Vision  Plus  with  a  built-in  stabilized  HD  camera  and  GPS  safety  features  
which  limit  it's  ability  to  limit  the  height  it  flies  above  ground  level  (AGL).,  to  limit  
the  radius  of  the  distance  it  flies  from  the  operator  and  to  exclude  it  from  operations  
within  designated  Class  B,  C,  and  D  airspace  including  a  no-fly  zone  feature.    The  DJI  
Phantom  2  Vision  Plus  also  has  a  failsafe  function  that  is  triggered  in  the  even  
communication  is  lost  between  the  sUAS  and  the  main  controller  transmitter.    At  
that  time,  the  sUAS  will  return  to  its  point  of  takeoff  and  land  safety.    If  the  
connection  is  restored,  the  PIC  can  regain  control  of  flight  and  land  manually.  
  
These  specifications  meet  with  the  Model  Aircraft  Operating  Standards  as  set  below:  
  
The  petitioner  will  only  operate  its  sUAS  in  line-of-sight  of  a  pilot  and  will  operate  at  
sites  that  are  sufficient  distance  from  populated  areas  within  a  sterile  area  
described  in  the  FOPM.    Such  operations  will  ensure  that  the  sUAS  will  "not  create  a  
hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public."  
When  flying  the  sUAS  within  five  (5)  miles  of  an  airport,  airport  operators  will  be  
notified  and  the  operator  will  give  the  right  of  way  to  avoid  flying  in  the  proximity  of  
full-scale  aircraft.  
Maximum  flight  time  for  each  operation  will  be  30  minutes.  
Flights  will  be  terminated  when  battery  levels  reach  25%,  allowing  sufficient  
reserve  flight  time  to  safely  land  the  sUAS.  
The  sUAS  will  be  programmed  so  that  it  will  not  be  operated  at  an  altitude  that  
exceeds  400  fee  AGL,  and  not  more  than  200  feet  above  an  elevated  platform  from  
which  videography  is  planned.  
Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of:  sUAS  pilot  
The  sUAS  operated  by  the  petitioner  weighs  less  than  25  pounds,  including  all  
payload  (ie:  camera,  lens,  &  stabilized  gimbal).  
The  sUAS  will  operate  at  speeds  no  more  than  50  knots,  can  hover,  and  can  
simultaneously  move  vertically  and  horizontally.    
Given  the  small  size  of  the  sUAS  and  the  restricted  sterile  environment  within  which  
it  will  operate,  Blackhound  Creative  Werks'  operations  adhere  to  the  Reform  Act's  
safety  requirements.    
  
We  respectively  request  exemption  under  Section  333  to  enable  Blackhound  
Creative  Werks  to  operate  efficient,  limited,  low-risk  commercial  sUAS  operations  
for  the  activities  stated  respecting  at  all  times  the  space  and  privacy  of  citizens  and  
property  while  keeping  airspace  safe.  
  
Sincerely,  
  

Kristen Brumbaugh

  
Kristen  Brumbaugh  
Blackhound  Creative  Werks  
328  Bluestem  Drive  
Elgin,  SC  29045  
803-665-9136  
Kristen@blackhoundcreative.com    
                                          
  
July  25,  2015     
  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
  
RE:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  ­  Request  for  Additional  
Information  
  
  
Dear  Mr.  Robeson,    
  
Please  find  enclosed  in  this  letter  the  requested  additional  information.      
  
In  your  letter  dated  June  26,  2015,  you  requested  further  reasons  why  the  
exemption  would  not  adversely  affect  safety  or  how  the  exemption  would  provide  a  
level  of  safety  at  least  equal  to  that  provided  by  the  rule  from  which  I  seek  an  
exemption.      
  
The  commercial  service  that  I  (Blackhound  Creative  Werks)  would  like  to  provide  
would  be  photography  and  videography  of  real  estate  property  and  special  events.    I  
would  be  flying  the  sUAS  within  the  guidelines  of  the  exemption,  no  higher  than  200  
feet,  not  within  5  nautical  miles  of  an  airport  reference  point,  and  only  with  prior  
approval  from  the  property  owner  or  event  holder.      
  
I  will  be  utilizing  the  DJI  Phantom    2  Vision  Plus  with  GPS  safety  features  to  limit  the  
ability  of  flight  altitude,  the  radius  of  flight,  and  a  no-fly  zone  feature  to  restrict  
flying  in  unallowable  airspace.      The  sUAS  features  a  trigger  system  in  the  event  
communication  is  lost  between  the  transmitter  and  the  sUAS  that  automatically  
returns  the  sUAS  the  home  point  set  at  the  time  of  initial  flight.      
  
I  will  be  utilizing  pre  and  post  inspections  flights  on  the  aircraft  to  ensure  all  proper  
mechanics  are  in  place  to  ensure  safe  flight  of  not  only  the  aircraft,  but  also  the  
surrounding  areas.      
  
The  purpose  of  the  request  is  to  provide  data  (via  photography  and  videography)  to  
local  real  estate  professionals,  builders,  and  developers  to  enhance  marketing  
efforts  and  assist  in  inspections..  
  
The  use  of  the  sUAS  by  Blackhound  Creative  Werks  will  not  adversely  affect  the  
safety  of  the  public  because  it  will  be  utilized  within  the  restrictions  of  the  
exemption  and  will  always  be  flown  within  my  line  of  sight  and  with  a  visual  
observer.      The  use  of  sUAS  will  provide  a  level  of  safety  higher  than  that  of  a  
helicopter  or  other  aerial  data  performing  the  same  mission  due  to  it's  lightweight  
size,  performance  capability,  reduced  noise,  and  smaller  environmental  impact.      
  
The  maximum  flight  time  for  each  operation  will  be  30  minutes.    Flights  will  be  
terminated  when  battery  levels  reach  25%,  allowing  sufficient  reserve  flight  time  to  
safely  land  the  sUAS.  
  
Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of:  sUAS  pilot  and  visual  observer.    
The  sUAS  operated  by  the  petitioner  weighs  less  than  25  pounds,  including  all  
payload  (ie:  camera,  lens,  &  stabilized  gimbal).    The  sUAS  will  operate  at  speeds  no  
more  than  50  knots,  can  hover,  and  can  simultaneously  move  vertically  and  
horizontally.      Given  the  small  size  of  the  sUAS  and  the  restricted  sterile  
environment  within  which  it  will  operate,  Blackhound  Creative  Werks'  operations  
adhere  to  the  Reform  Act's  safety  requirements.    
  
We  respectively  request  exemption  under  Section  333  to  enable  Blackhound  
Creative  Werks  to  operate  efficient,  limited,  low-risk  commercial  sUAS  operations  
for  the  activities  stated  respecting  at  all  times  the  space  and  privacy  of  citizens  and  
property  while  keeping  airspace  safe.  
  
Sincerely,  
  

Kristen Brumbaugh

  
Kristen  Brumbaugh  
Blackhound  Creative  Werks  
328  Bluestem  Drive  
Elgin,  SC  29045  
803-665-9136  
Kristen@blackhoundcreative.com    
