August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12486
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2259

Mr. Matt Colgan
Blue River Technology Inc.
575 N. Pastoria Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Dear Mr. Colgan:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Blue River Technology Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
for precision agricultural surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are a Vulcan Raven and DJI S1000.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Blue River Technology Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Blue River Technology Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Vulcan Raven and
         DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                             May 26, 2015

Submitted via www.regulations.gov

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

                  Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
                           Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L 112-95 (the
"Reform Act"), 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) and 14 C.F.R. part 11, Blue River Technology Inc. ("Blue
River" or "Petitioner") hereby petitions the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") for relief
from 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119
(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to
the extent necessary to permit Blue River to operate small unmanned aircraft systems ("sUAS")
for the collection of aerial data over rural areas in furtherance of commercial precision
agricultural surveys. Based on prior FAA grants of Section 333 exemptions as described below
as well as the information submitted in support of this Petition, Blue River asks that the FAA
utilize its summary grant process to act on the requested relief, consistent with the FAA's recent
policy initiative to streamline the processing of sUAS exemption petitions.1

The FAA has granted previous exemptions in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform Act
under circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in this petition, including,
but not limited to, Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astreus Aerial in Docket FAA-2014-0352 (Sep. 25,
2014), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. in Docket FAA-2014-0507 (Dec. 10, 2014), 11112 to VDOS
Global, LLC in Docket FAA-2014-0382 (Dec. 10, 2014), 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. in Docket
FAA-2014-0642 (Mar. 24, 2015), 11261 to AeroVironment in Docket FAA-2014-0715 (Apr. 1,
2015), 11262 to Avigators in Docket FAA-2014-0720 (Ap. 1, 2015), 11316 to Precision Done in
Docket FAA-2014-1063 (Apr. 9, 2015). In each of these grants, the FAA found that enhanced
safety achieved using a small unmanned aircraft ("sUA") and carrying no passengers or crew,
rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions carrying crew in addition to
flammable fuel, gave the FAA good cause to find that the sUAS operation enabled by the

                                                            
1   FAA, News Release, "FAA Summary Grants Speed Exemptions" (Apr. 9, 2015). 

                                                         -1-

 
exemption was in the public interest. Further to its request that the FAA grant summary
approval of the relief requested herein, Blue River is willing to accept all relevant conditions and
limitations for commercial operations contained in Exemption 11262, supra, specifically
paragraph no. 2, and nos. 4 through 28. For ease of administrative processing, these conditions
and limitations are re-stated on Appendix A to this Petition.

In support of this petition, Blue River is submitting, under separate cover and with a request for
confidential treatment, the following documents: Blue River Operations Manual; Vulcan Raven
LD User's Manual; DJI S1000 User's Manual (collectively, the "Operating Documents").

I. STATUTORY CRITERIA

Section 333(a) of the Reform Act directs the Secretary to "determine if certain unmanned aircraft
systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and
rulemaking required by section 332." In reaching the determination required under Section
333(a), the Secretary "shall determine, at a minimum ­ (1) which types of unmanned aircraft
systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to
airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to
users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and (2)
whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under
section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft
systems identified under paragraph (1)." Section 333(b). Once the Secretary makes a
determination under Section 333(b) that a particular UAS operation may be safely conducted in
the national airspace system, "the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) (emphasis added). For the
reasons set forth herein, Blue River submits that this Petition supports a determination that the
Company's proposed sUAS operations may be safely conducted in the national airspace system.

II. SUMMARY OF PROPOSED OPERATIONS

The proposed sUAS operations would use onboard cameras and lidar to capture high quality
imagery that are mosaicked into a digital 3D reconstruction of the surveyed area. Numerous
agricultural applications demand very high resolution that can only be acquired with sufficient
quality at low speeds and altitudes that are challenging and, in some cases impossible, to achieve
with conventional aircraft. Use of the sUAS for aerial surveys reduces the need to operate
conventional aircraft for the same purpose and provides very high resolution imagery at a
fraction of the cost. These savings result in enhanced efficiency and productivity for agricultural
activities.

Blue River will operate sUA weighing less than 55 pounds below 200 feet AGL over rural,
unpopulated agricultural areas, at a nominal airspeed of 10 knots and a maximum airspeed of 33
knots, as this is the maximum airspeed for optimal data collection. All operations will utilize a

                                                         -2-

 
Pilot-in-Command ("PIC") holding an FAA airman certificate and a Visual Observer ("VO"), as
more fully described herein.

The sUA will possess visual characteristics so as to be highly visible and easily recognizable in
the unlikely event of an encroaching general aviation manned aircraft. The sUA will under no
circumstances be flown in Class A, B, C, or D airspace under the requested exemption. The
sUAS operator will maintain awareness of, and separation from, any temporary flight restrictions
and restricted/prohibited areas, and will comply with applicable Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM")
requirements, including any requirement that NOTAMs be issued at least 24 hours prior to
operating the sUAS, and that such NOTAM be cancelled upon completion of operations or if
operations will not be conducted. Operations will comply with the weather minimums as
prescribed under 14 C.F.R. § 91.155. Prior to and while conducting any operations under the
authority requested herein, Blue River will ensure the aircraft are (i) is registered in accordance
with C.F.R. part 47, (ii) is identified by serial number, and (iii) has identification (N-Number)
markings as required under 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C, with such markings as large as
practicable.

The sUAS will possess programmable failsafe features such as lost communication and lost link
procedures as well as instantaneous manual override. The PIC will utilize a Federal
Communications Commission compliant VHF radio and commercially available handheld
receivers to maintain 2 way communications with all operational personnel and the nearest
Common Traffic Advisory Frequency ("CATF") or other necessary operating frequencies during
all phases of flight. Blue River's sUAS operations personnel also will be equipped with
ForeFlight Mobile software for up-to-date airspace and current weather information. This
software additionally includes updated aeronautical charts for operations under visual flight rules
("VFR"), which will be relied upon to strengthen special awareness.

III. PROPOSED SYSTEMS AND OPERATIONS

             a. Unmanned Aircraft System

Blue River wishes to operate two sUAS types under this petition ­ the Vulcan Raven LD and the
DJI S1000 ­ which are described in detail in the attached user manuals and summarized in the
tables below.

Table 1. Vulcan Raven LD technical specifications.

Parameter                                    Value

Configuration                                X8 co-axial multirotor
Motors                                       8 brushless electric motors
Motor redundancy                             Yes
Vehicle weight (no batteries or payload)     17.6 lbs.
Instrument payload                           8.8 lbs.
Battery weight                               13.5 lbs.
Typical take-off weight                      39.9 lbs.

                                          -3-
Maximum take-off weight (MTOW)                55.0 lbs.
Nominal airspeed                              10 knots
Maximum airspeed                              33 knots
Target altitude                               35 ft AGL
Endurance                                     Up to 30 minutes
Diagonal length                               1300 mm
Frame material                                Carbon fiber, aluminum
Batteries                                     LiPo 8S, 11 Ah, 40C
RC control frequency                          2.4 GHz
Flight controller                             DJI A2
Payload                                       Visible/NIR cameras, lidar

Table 2. DJI S1000 technical specifications.

Parameter                                     Value

Configuration                                 X8 co-axial multirotor
Motors                                        8 brushless electric motors
Motor redundancy                              Yes
Vehicle weight (no batteries or payload)      9.3 lbs.
Instrument payload                            8.8 lbs.
Battery weight                                5.5 lbs.
Typical take-off weight                       23.6 lbs.
Maximum take-off weight (MTOW)                24.2 lbs.
Nominal airspeed                              10 knots
Maximum airspeed                              29 knots
Target altitude                               35 ft AGL
Endurance                                     Up to 15 minutes
Diagonal length                               1045 mm
Frame material                                Carbon fiber
Batteries                                     LiPo 6S, 10-20 Ah, 15C
RC frequency                                  2.4 GHz
Flight controller                             DJI A2
Payload                                       Visible/NIR cameras, lidar

The sUAS identified above are equipped with redundant safety mechanisms allowing them to
operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight failures. If a lost-link event occurs, including
the loss of ground communications and/or the loss of a GPS signal, the aircraft have the ability to
perform a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver and return to a predetermined
location for landing. The sUAS can be operated safely after the loss of an aircraft electric motor.
The sUAS use a radio frequency spectrum for operation and control that complies with FCC
requirements.

                                                         -4-

 
             b. Pilot-in-Command

The PIC shall possess (i) either a private, recreational, or sport pilot's certificate and (ii) either an
FAA medical certificate or a U.S. driver's license. All operations will utilize a VO and the sUAS
will be operated within VLOS of the PIC and VO at all times. Consistent with previous FAA
grants of exemptions under Section 333, Blue River proposes that the VO be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and the PIC
will be able to communicate verbally at all times during operational flights.

Blue River will not permit any PIC to operate the sUAS unless the PIC demonstrates the ability
to safely operate the sUAS in a manner consistent with how the sUAS must be operated under
the requested exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight
hours and currency will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). Flights will
be conducted for the purposes of training Blue River's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and
experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the sUAS. Training
operations will only be conducted during dedicated training sessions, and, when training flights
are conducted, the PIC will operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from persons not
essential for flight operations, i.e., nonparticipants, in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

             c. Operating Parameters of Blue River's sUAS

As indicated above, the sUAS will be operated at a weight of less than 55 lbs. (including
payload), speed of no more than 33 knots, and altitude of less than 200 ft AGL. The sUA will not
carry a pilot, passenger, or flammable liquids. The sUA will be operated exclusively over non-
congested, rural agricultural areas. All flights will be terminated with 20% remaining battery
power.

Blue River will not conduct sUAS operations within five (5) nautical miles of an airport
reference point unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained and the
operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM"). Additionally,
Petitioner will not operate the aircraft in Class A, B, C, or D airspace. Nor will Petitioner operate
the aircraft less than 500 feet below a cloud or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or
when visibility is less than three (3) statute miles from the PIC. sUAS operations will not be
conducted at night. All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
("VMC"). The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and
activities at all times. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access
property with permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.

Any sUAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation or flight
characteristics will undergo a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under
this exemption. Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must

                                                         -5-

 
remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight will be conducted in such a
manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

Documents used by Blue River to ensure the safe operation and flight of the sUAS, including but
not limited to Blue River's Operations Manual, the exemption issued by the FAA, ATO-issued
COA, as well as any FAA-issued U.S. registration certificates for the aircraft, will be
immediately available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station any time the aircraft is operating.
These documents will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
upon request.

IV. INFORMATION REQUIRED UNDER 14 C.F.R. § 11.81

             a. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a) ­ Name and contact information of the Petitioner

Blue River Technology Inc.
575 N. Pastoria Ave.
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
Attn: Matt Colgan, PhD, Senior Systems Engineer
Phone: (650) 804-4021
Email: matt.c@bluevrivert.com

             b. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(b) ­ The specific sections of 14 C.F.R. from which the
                  Petitioner seeks an exemption

Blue River seeks an exemption from the following sections of 14 C.F.R.:

     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c)
     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.315(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.121
     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
     14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b)

                                                         -6-

 
             c. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(c) ­ The extent of and reasons for the relief sought

     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c) ­ Medical certificates; operations requiring a medical
         certificate; operations requiring either a medical certificate or U.S. driver's license. 14
         C.F.R. § 61.23(a) provides, inter alia, that a person exercising the privileges of a private
         pilot or recreational pilot certificate must hold a third-class medical certificate.
         Separately, 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(c) allows persons exercising the privileges of a sport pilot
         certificate in a light-sport aircraft other than a glider or balloon to hold a U.S. driver's
         license in lieu of a medical certificate. Blue River petitions the FAA for relief from these
         regulations to the extent necessary to allow the proposed sUAS flights to be operated by a
         PIC holding (1) a private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate, and (2) a current FAA
         airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license. Blue River submits that an
         equivalent level of safety will be achieved through an FAA medical certificate or a U.S.
         driver's license. Additionally, grant of the requested relief is (i) appropriate given the
         nature of the proposed sUAS operations, which pose considerably less safety risk than
         operations with larger UAS, and (ii) consistent with FAA exemptions issued under
         circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in this petition, including,
         but not limited to, Exemption No. 11261, supra. Moreover, the requested relief is
         entirely consistent with FAA policy announced on April 9, 2015, in which the FAA
         determined that sUAS operations under Section 333 may be conducted by a PIC holding
         a U.S. driver's license in lieu of a medical certificate. In adopting this policy, the FAA
         explained, "This change is consistent with the agency's approach for sport pilot
         certificate holders, who may flight light sport aircraft with a driver's license and no FAA
         medical certificate."2

     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5) ­ Recreational pilot privileges and limitations; acting
         as a pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire, or in furtherance of a
         business. 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(e)(4) provides that a recreational pilot may not act as a PIC
         of an aircraft for compensation or hire, and 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(e)(5) additionally provides
         that such persons may not act as a PIC of an aircraft in furtherance of a business. Blue
         River requests an exemption from these regulations to the extent necessary to allow its
         sUAS to be operated by a PIC holding a recreational pilot certificate. Given the proposed
         airspace operations, in particular the size, weight, speed and operational capability of the
         sUAS at issue, the confinement of such operations to rural areas, the aeronautical
         knowledge requirements necessary for the issuance of a recreational pilot certificate and
         the skills necessary for the safe operation of the sUAS, operations should be permitted by
         a PIC holding a recreational pilot certificate. Most importantly, this relief is consistent
         with the FAA's policy announced on April 9, 2015, in which the FAA concluded that it

                                                           
2 FAA, News Release, "FAA Summary Grants Speed Exemptions" (Apr. 9, 2015).

                                                         -7-

 
         should "allow[ ] operations under [Section 333] exemptions by people who hold a
         recreational or sport pilot certificate."3

     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) ­ Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command; acting
         as a pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. This regulation provides
         that no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as [a PIC] of an aircraft that is
         carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
         compensation or hire, act as [a PIC] of an aircraft." Blue River respectfully asks for an
         exemption from this regulation to the extent necessary to allow its sUAS to be operated
         by a PIC holding a private pilot certificate. In this regard, the Company submits that the
         same reasons in support of its requested relief from 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
         including the equivalent level of safety, apply with equal force to an exemption from 14
         C.F.R. § 61.113(a).

     14 C.F.R. §§ 61.315(a) ­ Privileges and limitations of sport pilot certificates. This
         regulation provides that a person holding a sport pilot certificate may act as a PIC of a
         light-sport aircraft, except as specified in subparagraph (c), which, in turn, prohibits such
         operations for compensation or hire or in furtherance of a business. Blue River submits
         that the same justifications applicable to its requested relief from 14 C.F.R. §§
         61.101(e)(4) and (5), including the equivalent level of safety, apply in the case of its
         requested relief from 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.315(a). Additionally, as the FAA concluded in
         recently granting Exemption No. 11261 under circumstances similar in all material
         respects to those presented by Blue River:

                  The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport,
                  recreational, private and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC
                  holding a minimum of a sport pilot certificate, and operating under this
                  exemption, would not adversely affect operations in the [national airspace system]
                  or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground.4

     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) ­ Civil aircraft airworthiness; operations of civil aircraft in an
         airworthy condition. This regulation provides, "no person may operate a civil aircraft
         unless it is in an airworthy condition." No airworthiness certificate exists for the aircraft
         at issue. Blue River therefore seeks relief from this regulation to the extent necessary to
         permit the proposed sUAS operations set forth in this petition. Blue River submits that
         an equivalent level of safety will be achieved through reliance on the Operating
         Documents submitted in support of this petition, thereby ensuring the aircraft remains in
         an airworthy condition. In this regard, and prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a
         pre-flight inspection to ensure the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection

                                                           
3 Ibid. 
4 Issued in Docket FAA-2014-0715 (Apr. 1, 2014), at 4.

                                                         -8-

 
         reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the sUAS, the aircraft will not be
         operated until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the sUAS is found to
         be in a condition for safe flight. Moreover, if the sUAS undergoes maintenance or
         alterations that affect the sUAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a
         flight critical component, the sUAS will undergo a functional test flight prior to
         conducting further operations.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) ­ Minimum safe altitudes: General; operations over other than
         congested areas. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b) prohibits aircraft, when operating over congested
         areas, from operating at less than 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
         horizontal radius of 2,000 feet from the aircraft. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) prohibits aircraft,
         when operating over other than congested areas, from operating at less than 500 feet
         above surface except over open water or sparsely populated areas, in which case the
         aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure. The sUAS will be operated exclusively over non-congested, rural agricultural
         areas, however, Blue River petitions the FAA for relief from § 91.119(c) to the extent
         necessary to permit the sUAS to be operated over such areas at less than 500 feet above
         surface. In order to ensure an equivalent level of safety, the sUAS operations will be
         conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and
         structures, unless a) nonparticipating persons are sufficiently protected by barriers or
         structures, and b) the owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
         permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment
         and determined that operating closer to those objects does not present an undue hazard.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings. This regulation requires any aircraft operating
         within 18,000 feet of Mean Sea Level (MSL) to contain an altimeter set to one of several
         designated altimeter settings prior to departure. Blue River petitions for relief from this
         regulation because the sUAS will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard.
         Instead, altitude information will be provided to the PIC of the sUAS via a digitally
         encoded telemetric data feed from the aircraft GPS to a ground-based on-screen display.
         Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and confirmed by
         the PIC. The collection and monitoring of altitude information through these means will
         provide for an equivalent level of safety.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1) ­ Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions;
         commencement of flight with sufficient fuel; flights during the day. This regulation
         prohibits any flight from being initiated unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point
         of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes. Consistent with other
         sUAS exemptions issued under Section 333, Blue River only proposes to conduct sUAS
         operations during daytime. Blue River requests an exemption from the regulation to the
         extent necessary to permit the proposed operations to be conducted by the sUAS
         described herein, which run on battery power. For the Vulcan Raven LD, the maximum

                                                         -9-

 
         duration of flight from a single battery charge is 30 minutes. For the DJI S1000, the
         maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is 15 minutes. To ensure an
         equivalent level of safety, the sUAS will never fly more than 0.5 statute miles from the
         point of intended landing. Additionally, the PIC (i) will ensure prior to each flight that
         the sUAS has sufficient battery power for the aircraft to fly at normal cruising speed to
         the intended landing point (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) and (ii)
         land the sUA with at least 20% battery power remaining.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) ­ Maintenance requirements; 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1) ­ Operation
         after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration; approval for return
         to service; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2) ­ Inspections; operations and instruction;
         and 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance records; retention of records. 14
         C.F.R. § 91.405(a) provides that an aircraft owner or operator must "have the aircraft
         inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections . .
         . have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." 14 C.F.R. § 91.407
         provides that "no person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless [i]t has been approved for return
         to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this chapter." Additionally, 14 C.F.R.
         §§ 91.409(a) generally prohibits aircraft operations unless, within the preceding 12
         calendar months, the aircraft either has had, "An annual inspection in accordance with
         part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
         by §43.7 of this chapter," id. at subparagraph (1), or "An inspection for the issuance of an
         airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter." Id. at subparagraph
         (2). Finally, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) requires aircraft owners and operators to retain
         "[r]ecords of maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-
         hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for
         each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of
         an aircraft," for the time periods prescribed under 14 C.F.R. § 91.417(b). 14 C.F.R. §§
         91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) require, among other
         things, that maintenance be conducted in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 43. By its
         terms, however, part 43, applies to aircraft for which an airworthiness certificate has been
         issued, and no such certificate has been issued for the aircraft which Blue River proposes
         to operate.

         Blue River requests an exemption from these regulations to the extent necessary to permit
         the sUAS operations to be conducted as described herein. To ensure an equivalent level
         of safety with respect to the maintenance and inspection requirements of these
         regulations, (i) Blue River will strictly comply with safety and maintenance procedures
         included in all applicable sUAS manufacturer's instructions and operator's manuals, (ii)
         the PIC will inspect the sUAS (including ground control station) prior to each flight, to
         ensure it is in a condition for safe flight and, where such inspections reveal a condition

                                                        -10-

 
         affecting safe operation, no operations will be conducted pending performance of
         necessary maintenance and a finding that the sUAS is in a condition for safe flight, (iii)
         all maintenance and alterations will be documented in aircraft records, (iv) any
         maintenance or alterations affecting the sUAS operation or flight characteristics will
         undergo a functional test flight, with appropriate entries in aircraft records, (v) the pre-
         flight inspection section of Blue River's Operating Documents will account for all
         discrepancies, (vi) Blue River will follow the sUAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
         maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements, and (vii) all
         maintenance, inspections and record keeping will be carried out in accordance with the
         Operating Documents, with appropriate notations in aircraft records, including total flight
         hours, work accomplished and the signature of the authorized person returning sUAS to
         service.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act regarding
airworthiness certification under 49 U.S.C. § 44704, Blue River believes that relief from 14
C.F.R. part 21, Subpart H, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of 14
C.F.R. part 36 is not necessary, in consideration of the size, weight, speed and limited operating
area associated with the sUAS and their operations. To the extent that the FAA believes such
relief is warranted, however, Blue River asks that such relief be provided for in any exemption
issued in response to this Petition.

             d. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(d) ­ The reasons why granting the request would be in the
                  public interest; that is, how it would benefit the public as a whole

Grant of the relief requested herein would further the objectives of Congress under Section 333
of the Reform Act, by promoting the operation of sUAS flights to safely and efficiently gather
aerial data in furtherance of precision agriculture activities. The collection of such data with
sUAS is more cost-effective to customers than manned aircraft operations, as it provides
remarkably high resolution imagery at a fraction of the cost. The resulting cost savings drive
enhanced efficiencies and productivity gains for agricultural activities.

             e. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e) ­ The reasons why granting the exemption would not
                  adversely affect safety, or how the exemption would provide a level of safety
                  at least equal to that provided by the rule from which you seek the exemption

These reasons are set forth in the information furnished by Blue River pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.81(c), above. In order to further ensure an equivalent level of safety, Blue River is willing to
accept the FAA's standard conditions and limitations ordinarily attached to exemptions issued
under Section 333 in connection with agriculture operations with sUAS, including, but not
limited to, those recently attached to Exemption No. 11261, supra. For ease of administrative
processing, such conditions and limitations are set forth on Appendix A to this petition. The
primary risk associated with Blue River's proposed operations are manned agricultural

                                                        -11-

 
operations under 14 C.F.R. § 137, however, given the nature of the proposed operations, in
particular the very low altitude and speed at which the sUAS will be operated, as well as the
conditions and limitations which Blue River is willing to accept, such risks are more than
sufficiently mitigated.

f. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(f) ­ Federal Register summary

Blue River submits that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of this Petition in the
Federal Register, as the relief requested herein is not precedential and any delay in acting on this
petition would be detrimental to Blue River. Nevertheless, in the event the FAA determines to
publish such a summary, Blue River submits the following:

Petitioner:                    Blue River Technology Inc.

Regulations affected:          14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
                               61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
                               91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
                               and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b)

Description of relief sought:  Blue River Technology Inc. petitions for an
                               exemption permitting the operation of small
                               unmanned aerial systems, weighing 55 pounds or
                               less, for commercial precision agricultural surveys
                               over remote and rural areas of the United States.

g. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(g) ­ Operations outside the United States

Blue River does not seek to exercise the privileges of the requested exemption outside the United
States.

                                                        -12-

 
V. CONCLUSION

The enhanced safety achieved under the specific guideJines and procedures proposed by Blue
River provides the FAA with good cause to find that the operations which are the subject of this
Petition are in the public interest. Blue River therefore respectfully requests that the FAA grant
(i) the requested exemption under Section 333 ofthe Reform Act and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), and
(ii) such other or additional relief as the FAA considers consistent with this Petition and the
pubJic interest, thereby permitting Blue River to conduct sUAS operations for the purpose of
commercial precision agricultural surveys, as more fully described herein.

                                                Respectfully submitted,

            Matt Colgan, PhD
            Senior Systems Engineer
            Blue River Technology Inc.

Enclosures

            ·13-
                                                   Appendix A

            Blue River Technology Inc. Consents to the Attachment of the Following
              Conditions and Limitations on its Requested Section 333 Exemption:

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following UAS
           when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload: the Vulcan Raven LD; the DJI
           S1000. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
           petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
           permitted.

    3. The UAS may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
           exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
           compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
           airspeeds greater than the maximum UAS operating airspeed recommended by the
           aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
           (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
           This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
           corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
           U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
           the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
           satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
           The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
           messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
           designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
           of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
           VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
           operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
           exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
           documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
           Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
           limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,

 
           the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise,
           the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
           operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility
           to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
           or any law enforcement official upon request. The operator must also present updated
           and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of
           exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis
           upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for an
           amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80)
           may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
           documents.

    8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
           or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
           functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
           Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
           least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a
           manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

    9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
           in a condition for safe operation

    10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
           UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
           potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
           inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
           prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
           UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

    11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
           inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

    12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
           bulletins.

    13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
           private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA
           airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District
           of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The
           PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an
           aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

 
    14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability
           to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
           under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
           appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification
           flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
           61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training,
           proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely
           operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
           exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However, training
           operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
           proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
           operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UAS with
           appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

    15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
           operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
           under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

    16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
           denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
           denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
           published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
           management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
           holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
           the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

    17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
           horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

    18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
           determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

    19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

    20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
           weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended
           operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
           recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

    21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
           operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption

 
           holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that
           cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

    22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
           number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
           Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
           large as practicable.

    23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
           any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC
           at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
           documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
           upon request.

    24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
           activities at all times.

    25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

    26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
           persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
                  from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
                  that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
                  where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
                  the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
                  of nonparticipating persons; and

             b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                  for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                  the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
                  an undue hazard.

           The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating
           persons under this exemption.

    27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
           permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
           from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
           flight to be conducted.

 
    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
           boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
           to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
           reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained
           on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 
