June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11754
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0922

Mr. Neal Bolton
President
Blue Ridge Services, Inc.
7204 Hites Cove Road
Mariposa, CA 95338

Dear Mr. Bolton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Blue Ridge Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
observations and research.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a senseFly eBee.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Blue Ridge Services, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Blue Ridge Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the senseFly eBee
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Blue Ridge Services, Inc.
7204 Hites Cove Road
Mariposa, CA 95338

April 8, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Madam, Sir,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Blue Ridge Services ("BRS"), professional consulting firm specializing in
solid waste operations and efficiency improvement, an operator of the eBee Unmanned Aircraft
System ("eBee") seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed
below:

     14 C.F.R. 21
     14 C.F.R. 45.23
     14 C.F.R. 45.29
     14 C.F.R. 61.3
     14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b)
     14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
     14 C.F.R. 91.7(b)
     14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
     14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)
     14 C.F.R. 91.119
     14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
     14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
     14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)

The requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using the eBee for the purpose
of conducting aerial observations and research over waste facilities with the intention of creating
fill sequence plans, soil management plans, and other operational planning documents by BRS in
the United States. These operations will be subject to strict operating requirements defined in the
eBee user manual (BRS requests the FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14
C.F.R. 11.35(b) and does not include this document in the public docket) and conditions defined
by the Safety Code of the Academy of Model Aeronautics (see Annex B), in order to ensure at
least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts.

BRS was founded in 1988 by Neal Bolton, a leading engineer, consultant, book author, and expert
witness in the solid waste management industry. BRS is a professional consulting firm
specializing in solid waste operations and efficiency improvement, facility management, planning,
online media training, on-site training and environmental monitoring/maintenance. As a
consulting company, BRS strives to provide clients with quality, cost-effective consulting and
engineering services. The company has the in-house capability and proprietary platforms to
provide practical and economical waste consulting services for clients.

The team has worked at hundreds of waste facilities around the globe, including transfer stations,
landfills, organic processing facilities and recycling centers. BRS has provided training for
thousands of waste workers on issues related to safety, operations, efficiency, and management.

Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) technology, and its associated data, is becoming a desirable
deliverable within the geophysical and engineering industries. As client requirements continue to
evolve, traditional GPS data collection, available imagery, traditional aircraft flyovers, and
surface models lack resolution and accuracy necessary for elite project planning, assessments,
increased efficiency and resource allotment. UAV collected data allows a consultant to depict the
project area with greater accuracy, resolution and efficiency to better aid clients with project
design and analysis. As importantly, the unmanned aspect reduces the risk of placing employees
in perilous environments.

Given the technical specifications of the eBee and the rural, sparsely populated environments of
the workspace, BRS believes it is relevant to use the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA)
rules to meet the required level of safety of future eBee operations. The AMA has a proven track
record in supervising operations conducted by operators using remote controlled aircrafts and
provides the most relevant expertise in terms of providing safety guidelines for operators using
ultra-light remote controlled aircraft.

The eBee will be operated by an individual who fulfill the following requirements:

     Has successfully passed a manufacturer's training program for the eBee; BRS requests the
         FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and does not
         include this document in the public docket.

     Is a registered member of the AMA.

     Has a valid driver's license.

     Has a Private Pilot's license.

1. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AIRCRAFT

The eBee is a small (37.8 inches wingspan) and ultra-light (maximum take-off weight of 1.7
pounds) platform made of flexible-foam that performs pre-programmed aerial mapping missions
with an on-board GPS, and a related flight-management software (eMotion). eMotion allows the
operator to safely and efficiently plan a flight in 3D, and then monitor the mission in real-time.
Thanks to the embedded camera, protected by a foam envelope, the eBee takes a collection of
high-definition still images used to generate dynamic maps and contour lines of the targeted
terrain.

The four main characteristics of the eBee are:

a. Very light weight

The eBee is so light that the operator can launch it by hand and let it land on almost any surface
without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly land). Its low impact energy (38 J in case of a
controlled emergency landing) also significantly reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally,
the wings of the eBee are detachable and made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges, and
almost no internal strengthening structure.

b. Electric-powered

The eBee is electric powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and reliable. The
propeller is attached with a rubber band to the body of the plane so that it can easily flex away in
case of contact with any object.

c. Semi-automatic flight

The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system continuously analyzes
data from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the
aspects of the flight under the supervision of the operator.

d. Option for Manual control

Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to take manual
actions during the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume the mission) and also suspend
automated operations and take manual control of the aircraft should it become necessary to
respond to emergent circumstances, thanks to the remote controller provided with the system.

2. APPLICATIONS

BRS intends to utilize the eBee for the purpose of conducting aerial observations and research
over waste facilities to gather data used for the purpose of creating fill sequence plans, soil
management plans, and other operational planning documents.

Using the eBee's sensor technology, the consultants at BRS will be able to collect time-specific
imagery and elevation information. Once the entire terrain of interest is flown, images collected
during the flight will be merged together in a software program to make a topographic model.
Using specific mathematical equations within the Postflight Terra 3D software, project field
conditions, terrain characteristics and potential hazard areas can be easily identified.

The eBee will be used to evaluate information, including but not limited to:

     Topographic characteristics
     Volumetric estimates
     Slope and terrain impediments
     Natural and cultural resource identification
     As-built feature identification and analysis
     Hazard evaluation
     Project design evaluations

Usually, in order for a landfill or waste facility to prepare fill sequence, soil management or other
operational plans, a flyover by a large aircraft is required, at great cost to the client. As a result,
many facilities may reduce the number of times they conduct annual flyovers, which can
negatively impact their efficient use of time, money and resources.

Frequently, the client's field engineer will generate a project design, but will be limited by the
lack of high-resolution information available. Project conditions and terrain information are
exponentially important to project success and design. Especially with regard to information
gathered during the specific time period the field operations are expected to occur within.

The most readily available information either lacks the required detail, or was captured during a
time period that is not relevant to the expected field operation schedule. BRS strives to eliminate
the guesswork out of project planning and design. By using real-time, aerial imagery to study
time-specific field conditions and three dimensional terrain data, BRS can better provide clients
with timely and highly-accurate fill sequence and other operational plans.

The end goal at BRS is to use data produced by the eBee to provide clients and stakeholders with
real-time, aerial imagery and terrain models to manage landfill airspace, soil, and other essential
waste operational resources.

     Annex C describes applications and reasoning in more detail. BRS requests the FAA treat
         the eBee training program and Annex C as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not
         include this document in the public docket.

Overall, UAV technology offers a substantial economic benefit to the waste and engineering
industries. The eBee would allow BRS the ability to provide significant cost and time savings for
our clientele. The almost instantaneous propagation of data will significantly reduce the cost and
waiting time for fill sequence plans and soil management plans.

This will also allow facilities to conduct regular flyovers and also immediately use the data to
work more efficiently. This will also save time and money by minimizing the amount of design
modifications required to complete a project. This technology is not only cost effective for our
clients, but will also reduce BRS'S fuel and maintenance expenses by reducing the amount of
time a technician needs to spend collecting field information with a handheld GPS.

Allowing commercial operations of UASs in the waste industry will enhance safety by reducing
risk, will decrease environmental impact from large, conventional aircraft, and provide enhanced
services for waste facilities ­ many of which are local, state, or federal facilities ­ at a reduced
cost.

At least four companies have received approval from the FAA to perform similar operations.
Trimble Navigation Limited, VDOS Global, Clayco Inc. and Woolpert Inc. are currently
approved in the United States to perform similar operations with UAV equipment. BRS is
hoping to stay competitive in the engineering industries. Implementing UAV technology will
improve BRS services and increase efficiency and safety within their industry.

3. APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

a. Airworthiness assessment of the eBee

BRS notes that the airworthiness of the eBee has already been demonstrated for different projects
in the United States, involving state/federal agencies or universities (among others the New
Mexico State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-uas-flight-test-
center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment, and the USACE New Orleans, who coordinated
with the Department of Army and the FAA to obtain all authorizations required in order to
operate the eBee UAS).

Moreover, BRS notes that senseFly obtained flight approvals for the eBee (delivered by national
civil aviation authorities) in many countries, among others:

     Switzerland (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     France (flight approval for Extended-VLOS operations)
     Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations)
     Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations)

b. Operating requirements

Grant of the exemption to BRS for the eBee will be subject to the following operating conditions,
based on the operating conditions set forth by the Academy of Model Aeronautics (see Annex B).
The main restrictions are summarized below:

     Operations to be conducted over private, controlled-access, or public property where
         approved with permission from the land owner/authority required before commencing any
         flight;

     Operations over congested areas shall be avoided;
     Operations must not interfere with manned aircraft operations, must yield the right of way

         to manned aircraft, and operators must See & Avoid other aircraft and obstacles at all
         times;
     Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight
         hours;
     Aircraft operations must remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) and will be visually
         monitored at all times;

     Visual Line of Sight operations guaranteed with a GPS geo-fence around operator of 0.5
         miles;

     Flight ceiling pre-programed at or below 400 feet;
     All operations conducted within five miles from an airport shall only be initiated after

         verbal coordination with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is
         present at the airport;
     All operations shall comply with required permissions and permits established by
         territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions; including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         appropriate governmental agencies.
     The eBee operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the
         activities of the related company.

A large percentage of project locations serviced by BRS is in isolated, rural, nonresidential areas.
Before an area is flown, BRS will request written permission from each property owner.
Residents within the vicinity of each project area will also be notified and educated on the
purpose of the flight. With the geo-fence incorporated within the flight management software,
BRS will avoid flying over houses and yards as much as reasonably possible. The flight ceiling
will be pre-programmed no higher than 400 feet to ensure the aircraft will not fly over the height
specified by the AMA. By staying below this level, the eBee should not interfere with manned
aircraft operations.

BRS takes pride in providing a safe working environment for its members and currently has
excellent safety procedures in place.

c. Operator Requirements

The eBee operator will have a Private Pilot license.

The eBee is an ultra-light UAV platform made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges
characterized by a high level of pre-programmed controls and various technical capabilities
(programming of a geo-fence, automatic wind detection) that prevent the operator from doing a
mission outside of the operating limits. All flights are pre-programmed with GPS guidance and do
not require human intervention; nevertheless human override is possible by clicking on one of the
multiple "action" buttons or by using the remote controller provided with each eBee system. In
the case of unplanned events, either the autopilot reacts immediately or the operator can choose
between different pre-programmed or manual actions. Those procedures include a Flight
Termination System (emergency landing procedure, triggered by the autopilot or the operator in
charge: given its very light weight, the eBee will initiate a gliding approach to the ground at very
low speed around the current location). Moreover, the kinetic energy of the aircraft is 60 J in-
flight at cruise speed. In comparison, the kinetic energy of a football is about 110 J when thrown
by hand.

Given these safety features recognized by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the national
aviation authority of several countries, BRS requests an exemption from the airworthiness
certification requirements in Part 21 and the concomitant requirements in 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)) and
91.203 to operate an airworthy aircraft. Instead, operators of the eBee will:

     Have completed an AMA affiliated small UAS education and training program and
         achieved an AMA UAS endorsement, or have successfully completed a small UAS
         education and training program provided by any FAA qualified entity, and;
     Have passed SenseFly's training program for operation of the UAS. The manufacturer's
         training program for operators has been already satisfactorily reviewed through the
         Application for Airworthiness Qualification Level (AQL) 3 Airworthiness Release
         (AWR).

BRS also seeks an exemption from certain requirements in Parts 45 and 91 that are impractical as
well as unnecessary for UAS operations. Please see Annex A for a detailed explanation of each
regulation from which an exemption is sought and the equivalent level of safety showing.

3. CONCLUSION

BRS, in association with senseFly and the Academy of Model Aeronautics organization, who has
a deep and well-known experience in terms of safe integration of remote controlled aircrafts in the
National airspace for low-level operations, provides here adequate justification for the grant of the
requested exemption allowing safe flyovers for the purpose of creating fill sequence plans, soil
management plans, and other operational plans for waste facilities.

The value that the eBee could bring to the geophysical and engineering industries is invaluable.
It would produce several efficiency and production benefits to waste facility operations and
allow Blue Ridge Services, Inc. to provide their clients with outstanding service in order to help
them manage their facilities with a higher degree of information. The demand for improved,
accurate data will continue to increase as the economy within BRS's industry continues to
progress. The safe integration of the eBee system will greatly benefit the company economically
and professionally.

Blue Ridge Services, Inc. offers in this Exemption a pragmatic approach to allow the efficient
operation of ultra-light UAVs pursuant to FAA, AMA, and senseFly safety requirements and
conditions.

Yours sincerely,

Neal Bolton
President, Blue Ridge Services
ANNEX A: EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

BRS requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations
that may technically apply to the operation of the eBee:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)

Section 91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a). Given the size of the eBee, its very
light weight (the maximum take-off weight is 1.7 pounds) and the limited operating area
associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness
process under Part 21 Subpart H in order to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the UAS involved. An analysis of these different criteria demonstrates that the
eBee operated without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed in that
exemption, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate. A proprietary risk assessment for operations with the eBee, which demonstrates that
assertion, is also being submitted to the FAA as part of this application. BRS requests the FAA
treat the eBee risk assessment as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include this
document in the public docket.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 & 14 C.F.R. § 45.29: Display of marks; size of marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
pilot station.

Given the size of the eBee (wingspan of 37.8 inches), this requirement is impossible to match.

14 C.F.R. § 61.3: Requirements for certificates, ratings and authorizations
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations

The regulation provides that no person may serve as a required pilot flight crewmember of a civil
aircraft of the United States, unless that person:

(1) Has a pilot certificate or special purpose pilot authorization issued under this part in that
person's physical possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of
that pilot certificate or authorization. However, when the aircraft is operated within a foreign
country, a pilot license issued by that country may be used.

The regulation provides also that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as
pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Given the safety features of the eBee and the fact that the missions are pre-programmed and
monitored in real-time with a specific flight management software (eMotion), SenseFly proposes
that operators of the eBee should not be required to hold a commercial pilot certification. Instead,
operators should be required to:

Have a private pilot license and have successfully passed a manufacturer's training program for
the eBee.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the eBee without
an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the eBee. Given the size of
the aircraft and the previous airworthiness assessments given to the eBee, among others:

     New Mexico State University: https://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-
         uas-flight-test-center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment

     USACE New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to
         obtain all authorizations required in order to operate the eBee UAS for levee system
         monitoring, documentation of construction progress, and extensive oblique photography
         of USACE structures & activities

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with the SenseFly manuals
prior to each flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9: Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. BRS assumes that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. BRS requests an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping a hard copy of the flight manual in the
eBee transportation box.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction

The regulation provides that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls."

Flight instruction will be accomplished through an elaborated training program, using first the
simulation mode of the flight management software eMotion. The equivalent level of safety
during the training will be achieved by the manufacturer or authorized distributor providing the
training and through the use of experienced and qualified operators familiar with the eBee.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, the eBee cannot comply with this requirement.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee will only fly over private
property with the permission of the landowner. The operator will define before every flight a
working area radius and a flight area ceiling, preventing the eBee to go beyond the flight area.
The landowner and the persons who may be on the ground in the flight area will be briefed of the
expected route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. Due to the
small size of the eBee and the material with which the eBee is built, the hazard to persons,
vessels, vehicles, and structures is not comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in
granting the exemption.

Moreover, the aircraft will not be operated over congested areas nor over any open-air assembly
of persons. The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

14 CFR 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings

This section requires that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or
flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when
operating below 18,000 feet MSL to:

     The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
         miles of the aircraft;

     If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the
         current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;

     In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or
         an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

To provide an equivalent level of safety, the eBee autopilot calculates the reference altitude
(ground level) with the on-board GPS during the pre-flight tests. The GPS and barometer data are
merged with respect to their respective precisions. The GPS provides reliable information to
correct potential barometric bias, while rapid variations in altitude are detected through the
barometer. Hence, barometric bias induced by environmental factors is rejected.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes.

Given the area of operation for the eBee, BRS believes that an equivalent level of safety is already
achieved with the specific procedure preventing the eBee to accept a take-off order is the battery
level is below a given value. Moreover, SenseFly has integrated "low" and "critical" battery level
warnings and implemented a "return to Home" (and "Go Land") actions in these situations.
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:
     No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has an appropriate and current
         airworthiness certificate.
     No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The eBee weighs only 1.7 pounds (max take-off weight). As such, there is no ability or place to
carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS. In addition, there is
no pilot or passengers on board the aircraft.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, BRS propose that
documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the operator at
the ground control station in the eBee box and available for inspection upon request

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with Parts 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after
maintenance and inspection. Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance
of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records
showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under
Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

BRS proposes that the maintenance of the eBee will be accomplished by the owner/operator
according to the maintenance manual, provided by SenseFly. BRS requests the FAA treat the
eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include this document in
the public docket.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the eBee is small in size, it is not a
complex mechanical device, it will carry no external payload, and it will operate only in restricted
predetermined areas. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety. Finally, before every flight, the eBee runs automatically a sequence of pre-flight tests to
make sure that every sensor and every critical part is running properly. If a problem is detected,
the eBee will not be able to be switched-on and a message error is displayed on the main screen of
The flight management software. The operator can then refer to the maintenance manual to
troubleshoot this issue. Several parts of the eBee are easily interchangeable (propellers, wings),
which allows the operator to make sure the wings and propulsion system are always airworthy
when a mission is initiated.

ANNEX B: ACADEMY OF MODEL AERONAUTICS SAFETY REQUIREMENTS

http://www.modelaircraft.org/files/105.pdf

http://www.modelaircraft.org/files/540-D.pdf
http://www.modelaircraft.org/files/560.pdf

ANNEX C: EBEE AND SENSEFLY DOCUMENTATION, PROPRIETARY
DOCUMENTS

See email attachment referencing confidential documents regarding this petition filing and
comment number.
