                           Corrected Copy

This action corrects the March 12, 2015, grant of exemption for Exemption No. 11206. A
correction was made to reflect an expiration date of March 31, 2017, instead of March 31, 2015.
Below is the amended Exemption No. 11206 that includes the aforementioned change. We have
made the correction in our records as of March 12, 2015.

                                           Exemption No. 11206

                                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                              DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                             FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                        WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of               Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014-0704

BNSF RAILWAY COMPANY

for an exemption from §§ 61.113(a) and (b);
91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.109(a); 91.119(c);
91.151; 91.203(a) and (b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); and 91.409(a) of Title 14, Code
of Federal Regulations

              GRANT OF EXEMPTION

         By letter dated September 2, 2014, Mr. Gary Grissum, Assistant Vice President ,
BNSF Railway Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator), 2650 Lou Menk Drive, TOB,
Fort Worth, TX 76131, petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption from Sections 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.109(a), 91.119(c), 91.151,
91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), and 91.409(a) of Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate the AirRobot
AR180, AirRobot AR200, and 3DRobotics Spektre Industrial Multi-Rotor Aerial Vehicle (all
multi-rotor unmanned aircraft) to conduct small unmanned aircraft system (UAS) operations
over BNSF owned or controlled railroad infrastructure and operations.

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner proposes to operate the the AirRobot AR180, AirRobot AR200, and
3DRobotics Spektre Industrial Multi-Rotor Aerial Vehicle to conduct small UAS operations
over BNSF owned or controlled land. See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA

AFS-14-472-E
                                                        2

describing the proposed operations, including the regulations from which the petitioner seeks
an exemption.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

         1. Example Operational Areas
         2. Description of AirRobot AR180 and AR200
         3. Description of the 3DRobotics Spektre Industrial Multi-Rotor Aerial Vehicle
         4. UAS Operating Manual

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on September 30, 2014, (79
FR 58854). Three comments were received. The Small UAS Coalition (Coalition), the
National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA), and an individual commented on the
petition.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under section 333 of Pub. L.
112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and operational
circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial vehicles
based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The Coalition suggested FAA safety
regulations be proportionate to the risks posed by the particular proposed UAS operations by
distinguishing between UAS. The petitioner's UAS pose considerably less safety risk than
larger UAS used for defense and aerospace purposes. The Coalition asserted that because
UAS operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to safety, they should be subject to
minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors1 in section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in section 333, such as the location and altitude of its small UAS. The Coalition
maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven factors in section 333
and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety and security of the

1 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112-95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
security; . . . ."
                                                        3

proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must evaluate each factor
within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate, but stated that at a minimum the FAA should provide an exception
from part 61 and approve training and testing regiments that pertain to UAS commercial
operations pertinent to the aircraft and operation proposed. The Coalition also asserted that
Congress intended the section 333 national security criterion to focus on the operation rather
than on the pilot and that shifting that focus imposes an unnecessary burden.

In response, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333 nor the FAA's authority to exempt from its
regulations found in 49 USC § 44701(f), authorizes the FAA to provide exemption to the
statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.
The FAA notes that under this exemption the petitioner proposed to use pilots holding
private certificates and it will be able to use the training program it proposed. Finally,
the FAA does not agree that relying on the pilot certificate for a national security finding
poses an unnecessary burden because pilots under this exemption, and the exemptions
granted previously to section 333 requests, are already required to hold a pilot certificate
to satisfy 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a VO should not be required for all small UAS operations.
The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may allow the UAS to
be operated beyond VLOS of the PIC and that the petitioner's proposal to operate the UA
within VLOS of the PIC and/or VO should be permitted. The FAA notes that one of the
determinations for operations under section 333 is operation within visual line of sight. As
the PIC is determined to be in command of the UA, he must maintain VLOS while
operating the UA. The FAA also notes that a VO complements the PIC's capability to see
and avoid other aircraft, including when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other
flying tasks. The VO provides an additional level of operational safety.

NAAA stated it represents the interests of small business owners and pilots licensed as
commercial applicators. NAAA explained that its members operate in low-level airspace, and
clear low-level airspace is vital to the safety of these operators.

NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the
backbone for agricultural safety, and agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to
perform their see-and-avoid functions needed to prevent collisions. NAAA believed UA
operations at low altitudes will increase the potential of collision hazards with agricultural
aircraft. NAAA argued that until adequate see-and-avoid technology is developed, the FAA
should require UAS operators to post a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) 48 to 72 hours before
operations. NAAA proposed UAS aircraft be painted a highly visible color, be equipped with
                                                        4

strobe lights, and use Automatic Dependent Surveillance­Broadcast (ADS­B) or other similar
location reporting technology. To address these concerns the FAA has incorporated associated
conditions and limitations into this exemption, including: a) NOTAMs issued for all
operations, b) operations conducted within VLOS of the PIC and the VO, and c) the UAS PIC
must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA also proposed a number of operating limitations and requirements for UAS operators.
NAAA stated UAS operators should have procedures to immediately ground the UAS if
another low-flying aircraft is within 2 miles; be attentive and free from distractions; comply
with all applicable regulations, policies, and procedures; be equipped with aviation radios set
to a locally defined frequency; have a separate VO with a second-class medical certificate and
perform duties for only one UAS at a time; maintain line-of-sight operations; and be well-
versed in the UAS operator document. NAAA further stated UAS should be properly
maintained, have a registered N-Number on an indestructible and unmovable plate, and be
required to have an airworthiness certificate and liability insurance. These comments are
addressed in the FAA's analysis and conditions and limitations.

An individual commented that he had no issues with the petitioner's proposed operations as
long it was not used to conduct surveillance on BSNF's employees.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into four sections: (1) Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS),
(2) the UAS pilot in command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating parameters, and (4) the public
interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to
49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined
that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the
requested relief from 14 CFR parts 21, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned aircraft conducting aerial surveying operations can weigh thousands of pounds or
more and are operated by an onboard pilot, in addition to other crewmembers as necessary.
Each of the petitioner's UA weighs less than 19 pounds. The pilot and crew will be remotely
located from the aircraft. The limited weight and construction reduces the potential for harm
to persons or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an
onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for
the proposed operation.
                                                        5

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
unmanned aircraft (UA) carries no fuel and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or
accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability and control.
The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of GPS or a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated,
predictable, automated flight maneuver. These safety features provide an equivalent level of
safety compared to a manned aircraft holding a restricted airworthiness certificate performing
a similar operation.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.405 (a) Maintenance required,
§ 91.407(a) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
and § 91.409(a) Inspections, the FAA has determined that relief from § 91.417(a) and (b)
Maintenance records is also necessary. The FAA has evaluated the petitioner's request and
determined that an exemption to these requirements is warranted. The FAA notes that the
petitioner's operating documents contain preflight and post flight checks for the UAS. The
FAA finds that adherence to the operating documents, as required by the conditions and
limitations below, is sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b) Private pilot privileges and
limitations stating in the petition that its PICs will all have a private pilot license and third
class medical.

Under current regulations, civil operations for compensation or hire require a PIC holding a
commercial pilot certificate per 14 CFR part 61. Based on the private pilot limitations of 14
CFR § 61.113(a), with limited exception, a pilot holding a private pilot certificate cannot act
as a PIC of an aircraft for compensation or hire. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062
to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus) (see Docket FAA-2014-0352), the FAA determined that a PIC
with a private pilot certificate operating the Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect
operations in the National Airspace System (NAS) or present a hazard to persons or property
on the ground.

The FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and has determined that it does not
differ significantly from the situation described in Grant of Exemption No. 11062. The
petitioner plans to operate over its property with controlled access or property where the
petitioner has secured permission from the owner/controller. Given: 1) the similar nature of
the petitioner's proposed operating environment to that of Astraeus, 2) the parallel nature of
private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of commercial requirements as
                                                        6

discussed in Exemption No. 11062, and 3) the limited airmanship skills necessary to operate
the UAS, the FAA finds that the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially
certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for the petitioner's
specific proposed operations. The FAA finds that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and
a third-class airman medical certificate, and who has completed the petitioner's training
program, can conduct the proposed UAS operations without adversely affecting the safety of
the NAS. Upon consideration of the overall safety case presented by the petitioner and the
concerns of the commenters, the FAA finds that granting the requested relief from 14
CFR § 61.113(a) is warranted subject to the conditions and limitations outlined below.
Section § 61.113(b) is not necessary.

As discussed above, all flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC and VO. However,
the petitioner stated that the VO may be in a chase aircraft while in direct communication with
the PIC. Since the petitioner did not further elaborate how operations would be conducted
under this type of operation, or provide specifics regarding how an equivalent level of safety
would be maintained under these conditions, the FAA will require the VO to perform their
duties on the ground along with the PIC. The conditions and limitations below stipulate that
the PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating
documents. The UA must never be operated beyond the actual visual capabilities of the VO,
and the VO and PIC must have the ability to maintain VLOS with the UA at all times. It is the
responsibility of the PIC to be aware of the VO's visual limitations and limit operations of the
UA to distances within the visual capabilities of both the PIC and VO. Moreover, the VO will
not be operating the aircraft. Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus, the
FAA does not consider a medical certificate necessary for the VO.

UAS Operating Parameters

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness,
the FAA finds that relief from § 91.7(a) is necessary. While the petitioner's UAS will not
require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H, the FAA
considers the petitioner's compliance with its operating documents to be a sufficient means
for determining an airworthy condition. Therefore, relief from § 91.7(a) is granted. The
petitioner is still required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy condition ­ based on
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions
and limitations below.

Additionally, in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.7(b), the PIC of the UAS is responsible for
determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight and the FAA finds that the
PIC can comply with this requirement.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight
manual, marking, and placard requirements and 14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1) and (2) Civil aircraft:
                                                        7

Certifications required, the FAA has previously determined, as in grant of Exemption
No.11062 to Astraeus, that relief from these sections is not necessary. Relevant materials may
be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction that would require fully functioning dual controls. Rather, the petitioner intends to
accomplish training through the procedures referenced in the operating documents.
Furthermore, the FAA is requiring the PIC to possess at least a private pilot's certificate and
conduct training operations only during dedicated training sessions. Thus, the FAA finds an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the petitioner's training program. As such, the
FAA finds that the petitioner can conduct its operations without the requested relief from
§ 91.109(a).

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes, the
petitioner states that relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because it proposes to operate below
500 feet above ground level (AGL). Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes; over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
The petitioner states that it will operate pursuant to the following, self-imposed, restrictions
related to § 91.119(c):

    · All operations will be conducted over property that is owned or controlled by
         petitioner.

    · Public access is restricted.
    · Petitioner also has exclusive use of significant portions of land adjacent to the track,

         trains and structures which will be evaluated via UA.
    · All of petitioner's personnel already wear mandatory safety equipment including hard

         hats, safety glasses and steel-toed boots whenever dispatched to a work site.
    · A pre-job brief will be conducted and must verify control of the flight area, including

         the absence of members of the public in the flight area.

Regarding stand-off distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures,
14 CFR § 91.119(c) requires that aircraft operate no closer than 500 feet to these persons or
objects. As discussed in Exemption No. 11109 (Clayco, Inc.), operations conducted closer
than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated closer than 500 feet to
essential persons, or objects that would not be possible without additional relief. Therefore,
the FAA is requiring that prior to conducting UAS operations, all persons not essential to
flight operations (nonparticipating persons) must remain at appropriate distances. In open
                                                        8

areas, this requires the UA to remain 500 feet from all persons other than essential flight
personnel (i.e. PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons).

The FAA has also considered petitioner's UA's maximum gross weight of approximately 19
pounds. If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating
persons from the UA or debris in the event of an accident, then the UA may operate closer
than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The operator must also ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
operations must cease immediately. When considering how to immediately cease operations,
the primary concern is the safety of those nonparticipating persons. In addition, the FAA
finds that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles and structures
when the owner/controller of any such vessels, vehicles or structures grants permission for the
operation and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
objects and determines that it does not present an undue hazard.

Thus, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted provided adherence to the
procedures in the operating documents and the FAA's additional conditions and limitations
outlined below.

Although petitioner did not request relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter Settings, as stated
in the conditions and limitations below, the FAA requires any altitude reported to Air Traffic
Control (ATC) to be in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the global positioning
system (GPS) altitude indicator to zero feet AGL rather than local barometric pressure or
field altitude before flight. Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief
from 14 CFR § 91.121 is granted to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable
conditions and limitations stated below.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior relief has been granted for similar UAS in Exemption Nos. 8811,
10808, and 10673 for daytime, VFR conditions. The petitioner states its commitment to land
the UAS prior to 20% battery power remaining. Its operating documents also indicate it will
establish minimum and emergency fuel/power remaining requirements for each UAS vehicle
operated by petitioner and each mission will be planned to allow completion above the
minimum fuel/power remaining requirements for the UAS. These factors provide the FAA
with sufficient reason to grant the relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) in accordance with the
conditions and limitations below. The PIC would be prohibited from beginning a flight unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly to the
intended landing point at normal cruising speed and land the UA with 20% battery power
remaining.
                                                        9

The FAA Air Traffic Organization (ATO) reviews all proposed UAS operations and evaluates
the safety of these operations relative to the requested airspace through the existing Certificate
of Waiver or Authorization (COA) process. The majority of current UAS operations
occurring in the NAS are being coordinated through Air Traffic Control (ATC) by the
issuance of a COA. This process not only makes local ATC facilities aware of UAS
operations, but also provides ATC the ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to
UAS operations. The COA will require the operator to request a NOTAM, which is the
mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS to the UAS activities being conducted. The
conditions and limitations below prescribe the requirement for the petitioner to obtain an
ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that this grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety
achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no
passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions carrying
crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation
enabled by this exemption is in the public interest. Further, this grant may also help to
reduce injuries to employees on the ground by allowing for remote aerial review rather that
requiring them to climb over or onto track structures in remote areas.

The following summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding relief sought by the petitioner:

Relief considered (14 CFR)  FAA determination (14 CFR)
                            Relief granted from paragraph (a) with
61.113(a) and (b)           conditions limitations; paragraph (b) not
                            necessary
91.7(a)                     Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.9(b)(2)                  Relief not necessary
91.109(a)                   Relief not necessary
91.119(c)                   Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.121                      Relief granted with conditions and limitations
                            Relief granted for paragraph (a)(1), day, with
91.151                      conditions and limitations
                            Relief not necessary
91.203(a) and (b)           Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.405(a)                   Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.407(a)(1)                Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.409(a)(1) and (2)        Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.417(a) and (b)
                            10

The FAA's Decision

   In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 USC §§ 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, BNSF Railway Company is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.113(a); 91.7(a); 91.119 (c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1) and (2); and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate the AirRobot AR180, AirRobot AR200, or 3DRobotics Spektre Industrial Multi-Rotor
Aerial Vehicle (all multi-rotor unmanned aircraft) to conduct small UAS operations over
BNSF owned or controlled railroad infrastructure and operations.

This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, petitioner is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
   described in the operating documents which include:

a. the AR180C, a quad-rotor copter, with a maximum gross takeoff weight of 11
    pounds;

b. the AR200, a hex-rotor copter, with a maximum gross takeoff weight of 19
    pounds; or

c. the 3DRobotics Specktre Industrial Multi-Rotor Aerial Vehicle, a quad-rotor
    copter with a maximum gross takeoff weight of 10.5 pounds.

Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
amend this grant.

2) UAS operations under this exemption are limited to operations over BNSF owned or
    controlled railroad infrastructure and operations.

3) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

4) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
    altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
                                                   11

 5) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

6) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
    Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
    prescribed in the operating documents.

7) The VO must be located on the ground and not in a chase plane. If petitioner provides
    further information about the specific operations requiring the VO to be located in a
    chase plane and how an equivalent level of safety will be maintained throughout this
    operation, they may seek an amendment to this petition.

8) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

 9) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

 10) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
                                                  12

   undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must
   make an entry in the UAS aircraft records.

11) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
    covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

12) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
    aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished,
    and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

15) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman
    medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified
    in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

17) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
    qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
    including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
    from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and
    currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). A record of
    training must be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator.
    Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training,
    proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of this
    exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
    training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
    persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
    must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance
    with 14 CFR § 91.119.
                                                  13

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of
    agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator
    upon request.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land or
    be recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to
    the intended landing pint and land the UA with at least 20% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
    exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
    operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace
    requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and
    potential transponder requirements.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
    (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.
                                                       14

     27) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC
          at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
          documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
          official upon request.

     28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations
          and activities at all times.

     29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

     30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

     31) All flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
          persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
                  must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
                  situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
                  within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

             b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                  owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                  and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
                  those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

             c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
                  present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

     32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
          permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
          Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
          obtained for each flight to be conducted.

     33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
          boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
          to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
          reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
          contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the unmanned aircraft system (UAS),
pilot in command (PIC), and operator must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR
including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                       15
This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on March 12, 2017.

/s/
Michael J. Zenkovich
Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
