April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11374
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0091

Mr. Reed Larson, PE
Vice President of Mining Services
Bowman Consulting Group, LTD
3863 Centerview Drive, Suite 300
Chantilly, VA 20151

Dear Mr. Larson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Bowman Consulting Group, LTD (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct mapping and survey applications.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a SenseFly eBee.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Bowman Consulting Group, LTD is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Bowman Consulting Group, LTD is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the SenseFly eBee
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
January 13, 2015 

 

 

 

United States Department of Transportation 

Docket Management System 

1200 New Jersey Avenue SE 

Washington, DC  20590 

 

Filed at www.regulations.gov 

 

SUBJECT:           Petition  for  Exemption  under  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  and  Part  11  of  the  Federal 

                   Aviation Regulations 

Dear Sir or Madam: 

Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  "Reform  Act")  and  14  C.F.R.  Part 
11,  Bowman  Consulting  Group,  Ltd  (BCG),  seeks  an  exemption  from  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  (FARs)  detailed 
below for the eBee Unmanned Aircraft System  ("eBee") manufactured by SenseFly SA of Switzerland: 

      14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) 
      14 CFR 91.7(a) 
      14 CFR 91.119(c) 
      14 CFR 91.121 
      14 CFR 91.151(a)(1) 
      14 CFR 91.405(a) 
      14 CFR 91.407(a)(1) 
      14 CFR 91.409(a)(1) and (2) 
      14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b) 

           
BCG  provides  consulting  engineering  and  surveying  services  to  clients  in  the  land  development,  oil  &  gas, 
transportation,  power  &  energy  and  mining  sectors.    BCG's  mining  clients  own  and  operate  open  pit  mines 
throughout  the  United  States,  predominantly  in  the  southwest.    The  surveying  services  provided  to  these  mining 
clients routinely include topographic and feature mapping that is acquired through aerial photogrammetry.  Use of 
the  eBee  UAS  to  produce  this  mapping  creates  benefits  to  the  mining  and  construction  industries  and  to  the 
environment which serve the public interest.  Specifically, use of the eBee UAS provides the following advantages: 

 Safety:  The eBee UAS is constructed of flexible foam and weighs less than two pounds.  The eBee operates on 
     a sealed lithiumpolymer battery and does not use combustible fuel.  Use of the eBee UAS on mine sites allows 
     acquisition of topographic and feature data that is otherwise unobtainable due to steep terrain, pit walls, high 
     walls and other aggressive topography typical of active mine sites. 

 Cost:  Use of the eBee provides a competitive advantage to our clients because they are able to acquire survey 
     data  at  an  estimated  savings  of  30  to  40  percent  compared  to  conventional  aerial  photogrammetry  via 
     manned aircraft. 

 Schedule:    The  workflow  for  conventional  manned  aerial  photography  is  such  that  the  client  receives 
     deliverables  from  several  days  to  several  weeks  after  flight  date.    The  eBee  UAS  includes  postprocessing 

   Bowman Consulting ­ 3863 Centerview Drive ­ Suite 300 ­ Chantilly, VA ­ 20151 ­ (703) 464-1000
Petition for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations  Page 2 of 4

     software that resides on BCG workstations that allows BCG to deliver the final mapping product to the client 
     from several hours to a few working days after flight date. 

 Quality:    The  eBee  UAS,  at  normal  flight  heights,  acquires  imagery  at  a  resolution  of  less  than  one  inch  per 
     pixel.  This resolution provides excellent clarity in the resulting orthophotos, and also results in very accurate 
     survey deliverables. 

The  requested  exemption  would  authorize  commercial  operations  using  the  eBee  for  mapping  and  survey 
applications.  These  operations  will  be  subject  to  strict  operating  requirements  defined  in  the  eBee  user  manual 
(BCG requests that the FAA treat the eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and not include 
this document in the public docket) in order to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized 
operations using manned aircrafts. 
 
 
UAS CHARACTERISTICS 
 
The eBee is a small (38 inches wingspan) and ultralight (maximum takeoff weight of 1.7 pounds) platform made 
of flexible foam that performs precision aerial mapping missions thanks to the onboard GPS and the related flight 
management software (eMotion) that allows the operator to safely and efficiently plan a mission in 3D, and then 
monitor  it  in  realtime.  Thanks  to  the  embedded  camera,  protected  by  a  foam  envelope,  the  eBee  takes  a 
collection  of  highdefinition  still  images  that  are  used  later  to  generate  maps  and  contour  lines  of  the  surveyed 
area. 
 
The four main characteristics of the eBee are: 
 
1. Very light weight 

     The  eBee  is  so  light  that  the  operator  can  launch  it  by  hand  and  let  it  land  on  almost  any  surface  without 
     requiring a parachute or landing net (belly land). Its low kinetic energy (60 Joules ("J")  at cruise speed) also 
     significantly reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally, the wings of the eBee are detachable and made 
     of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and almost no internal strengthening structure. 
      
2. Electricpowered 
     The  eBee  is  electricpowered.  A  brushless  engine  technology  makes  it  silent  and  reliable.  The  propeller  is 
     attached with two rubber bands to the body of the plane so that it can easily flex away in case of contact with 
     any object. 
      
3. Semiautomatic flight 
     The  artificial  intelligence  incorporated  within  the  eBee  autopilot  system  continuously  analyzes  data  from  the 
     Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the aspects of the flight under the 
     supervision of the operator. 
      
4. Option for Manual control 
     Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to take manual actions during 
     the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume the mission) and also suspend automated operations and 
     take manual control of the aircraft should it become necessary to respond emergent circumstances, thanks to 
     the remote controller provided with the system. 
 
 
AIRWORTHINESS ASSESSMENT OF THE EBEE UAS 
 
BCG  notes  that  the  eBee  UAS,  including  the  aircraft,  the  flight  software,  and  the  postprocessing  software,  is  a 
mature  and  established  system.    The  airworthiness  of  the  eBee  has  been  demonstrated  on  several  different 
projects  in  the  United  States  involving  state/federal  agencies  or  universities,  including  the  US  Army  Corps  of 

           Bowman Consulting ­ 3863 Centerview Drive ­ Suite 300 ­ Chantilly, VA ­ 20151 ­ (703) 464-1000
Petition for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations  Page 3 of 4

Engineers  ("USACE")  New  Orleans,  who  coordinated  with  the  Department  of  Army  and  the  FAA  to  obtain  all 
authorizations required in order to operate the eBee UAS. 
 
SenseFly has also obtained flight approvals for the  eBee from the national civil aviation authority in many other 
countries, including: 
 Switzerland (flight approval for Visual Line of Sight "VLOS" operations) 
 Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 France (flight approval for ExtendedVLOS operations) 
 Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations) 
 
 
OPERATING REQUIREMENTS 
 
We propose to operate the aircraft with both a Pilot in Command (PIC) and a groundbased Visual Observer (VO) in 
accordance  with  FAA  Policy  N  8900.227  Section  14  "Operational  Requirements  for  UAS"  with  the  following 
additional restrictions: 

      All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400' AGL 
      Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight hours 
      The aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of both PIC and VO at all times 
      VLOS guaranteed with a GPS geofence around operator of 0.5 miles 
      Operations  will  be  conducted  over  private,  controlledaccess  property  with  the  permission  of  the  land 

          owner (most surveys will take place over active mine sites that are characteristically large, removed from 
          population centers, with controlled access) 
      The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas, at openair assemblies of people, or at air 
          shows  
      The PIC will file a NOTAM for each operation 
      The PIC must have completed the SenseFly training program for operation of the eBee 
      Operations over congested areas shall be avoided; 
      Operations  must  not  interfere  with  manned  aircraft  operations,  must  yield  the  right  of  way  to  manned 
          aircraft, and operators must See & Avoid other aircraft and obstacles at all times 
      All operations conducted within 5 miles from an airport shall only be initiated after verbal coordination 
          with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is present at the airport; 
      All operations shall comply with required permissions and permits established by territorial, state, county 
          or city jurisdictions; including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies. 
      The eBee operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the survey activities of 
          BCG. 
 
 
OPERATOR REQUIREMENTS 
 
The aircraft will be operated by an individual who meets the following requirements: 
      Has successfully passed a manufacturer's training program for the eBee; BCG requests the FAA treat the 
          eBee training program as proprietary under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) and does not include this document in the 
          public docket. 
      Has a Private Pilot certificate. 
 

Bowman Consulting ­ 3863 Centerview Drive ­ Suite 300 ­ Chantilly, VA ­ 20151 ­ (703) 464-1000
Petition for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations  Page 4 of 4

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16 Personnel Qualifications. 
The PIC will perform routine maintenance on the system and will complete a course of maintenance instruction as 
part of their initial training. Due to the simplicity of the system, we do not anticipate the need for a supplemental 
pilot. 
 
 
CONCLUSION 
 
Our  mining  clients  operate  in  a  very  competitive  financial  global  environment,  and  in  hostile  physical 
environments.  Use of the eBee UAS is in the public interest because it allows these companies to reduce costs and 
remain  competitive.    It  also  supplants  aircraft  of  significantly  greater  proportions  carrying  crew  and  flammable 
fuel, as well as conventional survey crews that require personnel to work in difficult and unsafe terrain.  The eBee 
UAS makes not only the NAS safer, it makes BCG employees on the ground safer. 
 
We  submit  that  the  combination  of  the  aircraft's  light  weight,  historically  demonstrated  flight  performance,  fully 
qualified  flight  crew  and  strict  operation  under  the  guidelines  established  in  8900.227,  the  FAA  can  have 
confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater level of safety of manned aircraft performing the 
same mission. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Bowman Consulting 
 
 
 

Reed Larson, PE 
Vice President of Mining Services 
 
Attachment:  Exemption Requests 
 
Transmitted separately:  eBee User Manual 
      eBee Maintenance Manual 
      eBee Training Program 
      eBee Justification of Airworthiness and Safety Assessment 
 

Bowman Consulting ­ 3863 Centerview Drive ­ Suite 300 ­ Chantilly, VA ­ 20151 ­ (703) 464-1000
