April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11356
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1086

Mr. Brian Dyer
Agent for Petitioner
Remote Pilot Systems, LLC
200 Barr Harbor Drive
West Conshohocken, PA 19428

Dear Mr. Dyer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 15, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial surveys and inspections in Pennsylvania
surface mines and mineral quarries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Aibotix X­6.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc. is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc. is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aibotix X­6 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
          REMOTE PILOT SYSTEMS LLC                                                              

                              200 BARR HARBOR DRIVE
                         W CONSHOHOCKEN, PA 19428

Submitted electronically

December 15, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition for Exemption from 14 CFR Parts 61.113 (a) and (b)
        14 CFR Parts 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (b), 91.405 (a) and (b), 91.407 (a) (1),
        91.409(a) (1), 91.409 (a) (2), 91.417 (a) and (b), according to Section 333 of the
        FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc. (Boyd) is applying for an exemption
from regulations detailed below in order to conduct aerial surveys and inspections in
Pennsylvania surface mines and mineral quarries with a small unmanned aircraft
system manufactured by Aibotix, model X-6. The manufacturer states that it has
developed the X-6 for survey of challenging sites such as quarries, sand pits, landfills,
coal stockpiles, and similar surface mines, and has documented its use with negative
waypoints, more than 300 feet below the pilot's position, where manned survey
aircraft cannot fly.

NAME OF PETITIONER

Mr. Roy Boyd
Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc.
443B Easton Road

   1
Horsham, PA 19044
Telephone 215-443-9996

AGENT FOR PETITIONER

For technical and administrative questions on this petition, please contact:
Mr. Brian Dyer
Remote Pilot Systems LLC
Telephone 484-680-7310
Email: brian.dyer@remotepilotsystems.com

Submitted separately as confidential documents under 14 CFR Section 11.35 (b) are:
A ­ Aibot X-6 User Manual
B ­ Boyd Flight Operations Manual (BFOM)

These documents contain proprietary information that is not available to the public and
are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 USC 552 et.seq.

Thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to working with you at FAA.

                                                       Sincerely,

                                                       (electronically signed)
                                                       Brian Dyer

   2                                                                                        
DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER...................................................................... 4  
BACKGROUND ................................................................................................ 4  
DESCRIPTION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM...................................... 6  
RF SPECTRUM .................................................................................................. 7  
EXTENT OF RELIEF SOUGHT AND WHY....................................................... 7  
CFR CODE FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED................................ 8  
PILOT IN COMMAND AND CREW................................................................. 11  

OPERATION OF THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT ............................................ 12  
BENEFIT TO THE PUBLIC ............................................................................. 14  
REASONS WHY THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT
SAFETY .......................................................................................................... 14  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO SUPPORT THE REQUEST....................... 15  
SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION...................................................................... 15  
ATTACHED: AIBOTIX X-6 DEPICTED WITH SURFACE MINES.................... 16  

   3                                                                                                                        
DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

Boyd Instrument and Supply Company, Inc., based near Philadelphia, was founded in
1986 to support survey and construction clients with precision measurement products,
professional service, and training. Today the company is specialized in positioning
solutions and supports hundreds of clients in a five-state area of the Mid-Atlantic. Boyd
operates a Real Time Kinematic (RTK) network in the region. The company wishes to
conduct aerial survey of rural or remote stone quarries by small unmanned aircraft
systems, and has prepared operations manuals and specifications which will enable it to
comply with FAA requirements and ensure the safety of people and property. Principals
have been trained by Aibotix, the small unmanned aircraft manufacturer, and also have
pilot experience in manned aircraft. Since its beginning, Boyd has supported the
development of safety cultures for its civil engineering client base. The company is
woman-owned and is operated by members of the family that founded it.

BACKGROUND                                                                                     

Pennsylvania is one of the top ten states in the country for production of
aggregate/crushed stone, with shipments of more than one billion dollars. There are
nearly 700 surface mines, or quarries, in the state. Stockpile survey is regularly
conducted by third-party contractors for compliance, accounting control, and
management of the quarry. Boyd plans to fly missions over industrial mineral quarries
for the purpose of stockpile volume determination, blasting survey, and inclined
conveyor equipment inspection.

Stockpile accidents, fatal and non-fatal, are prevalent within the mining industry. The
National Institute for Occupational Safety & Health (NIOSH) reports that, "Slope
stability accidents are one of the leading causes of fatalities at U.S. surface mining
operations."

Survey personnel and mining personnel who accompany them are exposed to risks of
fall, slide, and encounter with heavy equipment. These risks can be mitigated by
spending less time on or near the stockpile. In this hazardous environment, we
believe that the use of a small unmanned aircraft offers a faster and safer alternative
to human measurement and inspection.

   4
Surface mine acreage for survey has already been permitted for the use of explosives          
and is sited away from population, roadways, airports, and low-flying aircraft. Access
to sites is strictly controlled by safety protocols. These protocols are enforced by the
Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) and state agencies.

Stockpile survey techniques are of three general types:

    1. Terrestrial total stations and GPS with prism and reflector or
       reflectorless;

    2. Terrestrial laser scanners, fixed-position or mobile;
    3. Aerial photogrammetry by manned aircraft.

All three practices involve risk. The first technique, total stations and GPS, is time-
consuming and requires ground survey teams to ascend the stockpile with an
instrument, accompanied by an experienced quarry employee. The second technique,
terrestrial laser scanner, involves setting up scanners on the ground or transporting
them around in the quarry by vehicle for good measurement angles. At vehicle level
there are obstacles to view which complicate accurate measurement. The following
hazards accompany ground survey techniques:

   · Stockpiles are marginally stable surfaces, may conceal voids, and expose people
       to falls and slides.

   · Moisture and freezing change slope stability and allow it to stand at a steeper
       angle, then suddenly stress and collapse.

   · Exposure to injury is not limited to standing on the top: loading out by heavy
       equipment at the bottom or face can create slides and collapse of overhangs,
       and interaction with heavy vehicles is a hazard.

   · The top of piles and terraces or benches cannot be accurately surveyed unless
       measured from above as well as from lateral angles.

Because of these factors, ground access to stockpiles and equipment is hazardous and
is regulated by MSHA and by Pennsylvania mining law.

The third technique, aerial survey by manned aircraft, allows a top view but oblique
angle viewing is challenging. Descent into the quarry is not an option. Many survey
targets are 500 or more feet below nearby ground level.

   5
By comparison, the SUAS rotorcraft can see all necessary angles for survey and                  
inspection without climbing the stockpile or conveyer, or using manned aircraft.

Quarries and surface mines are segregated from populated areas and further separated
by no-trespass buffer zones. Safety practices onsite are intensely monitored by
supervisory personnel and by MSHA inspectors and the state. Property perimeters are
strictly controlled due to danger, including frequent explosive use at about half of the
sites, sometimes more than a million pounds per year, to reach site material
production of more than two million tons. Aircraft overflying surface quarries are
vulnerable to flyrock and shockwaves.

The use of small electric multirotor aircraft for low-altitude survey and inspection in
surface mines outside the U.S. has been found to improve accuracy, reduce personal
risk, and reduce reliance on manned aircraft. With appropriate planning, surface
mines offer a sterile environment in which to operate a small unmanned aircraft:
personnel and equipment onsite are under supervision and VLOS flight operations fit
well within mine boundaries. Zones for flight operation can be kept clear. Using an
SUAS lets the pilot and survey crew work at a safer standoff from danger, in less time
than other ground-based techniques. The risks of manned aircraft flight for survey are
avoided, and the use of the NAS is consistent with the safety of other users.

DESCRIPTION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

Boyd Instrument wishes to fly the Aibotix X-6, an electric multirotor, as its survey
aircraft. Aibotix in Germany has delivered more than 200 aircraft since 2011. The
flight control system used with the aircraft is designed and manufactured in Germany,
has undergone continuous improvement and development since 2008, and several
thousand units have been delivered for industrial applications.

If the radio control link is lost, emergency failsafe is designed to prevent flyaway, to
hover independent of GPS signal then perform a controlled descent. If GPS signal is
sufficient, the aircraft can automatically return to the takeoff point. The flight control
system can fly pre-programmed waypoints for photogrammetry yet respond
immediately to pilot stick overrides in case of route adjustment or emergency.

   6
Its radio control system incorporates telemetry which is displayed on the pilot's
handheld controller and may be announced by voice. The X6 aircraft is optimized for
aerial survey and incorporates safety features to reduce pilot workload. The aircraft is
less than four feet in diameter, made of carbon-fiber reinforced polymer in high-
visibility green, with protective blade guards surrounding the six rotors, and is
designed for a maximum takeoff weight of less than 12 pounds and flight time of
about thirty minutes with its dual battery power. Maximum speed is about 55 MPH,
but Boyd treats this limitation as an emergency reserve, and plans no flying at greater
than 25 MPH. The aircraft carries no flammable liquid fuel.

System redundancies are described in the BFOM.

RF SPECTRUM

Radio control and video transmission systems meet FCC requirements for operation
in the unlicensed spectrum of the 2.4 and 5.8 Ghz ranges. Manufacturer warnings
about interference from devices operating at or near these frequencies or their
harmonics are documented in the Boyd Flight Operations Manual (BFOM), along
with procedures to ensure radio safety with the SUAS.

EXTENT OF RELIEF SOUGHT AND WHY

Petitioner asks for relief from regulations tabled below, which by its authority the
FAA has previously granted in exemption certificates number 11062 along with six
others described as "in commonality", and in number 11109, which are for use of
electric rotorcraft. Boyd's Flight Operation Manual (BFOM) incorporates the
conditions and limitations of these grants of exemption, and in some cases imposes
stricter limits on its own operations. Boyd has consulted with district management of
the federal MSHA in the development of its safety procedures for use in regulated
surface mines.

   7                                                                                         
CFR CODE FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

14 CFR      SUMMARY OF               REASON FOR                       EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART
61.113 (a)  REGULATION EXEMPTION REQUEST                                           SAFETY

61.113 (b)  Private pilot privileges Flying for compensation on       Characteristics of aircraft,
                                                                      VLOS, class G airspace, under
            and limitations: Pilot in engineering survey missions is  400 ft AGL, trained visual
                                                                      observer in radio
            command.                 central to purpose of            communication with pilot;
                                                                      remote site, quarry industry
            Holder of private pilot exemption request.                safety protocols enhanced by
                                                                      Boyd's flight safety plan; PIC
            certificate may not act                                   with private pilot certificate,
                                                                      currency in the aircraft listed
            as pilot in command for                                   on the certificate, 3rd class
                                                                      medical, pilot training, testing,
            compensation or hire.                                     proficiency with similar and
                                                                      same model UA; and
            Private pilot privileges Flying for compensation on       inspection/maintenance are
                                                                      defined in the Boyd Flight
            and limitations: Pilot in engineering survey missions is  Operations Manual (BFOM)
                                                                      and will ensure equivalent
            command.                 central to purpose of            levels of safety.

            Holder of private pilot exemption request, not            Boyd pilots specialize in

            certificate may act as incidental to business or          understanding the quarry

            pilot in command for employment.                          environment in which they

            compensation or hire if                                   operate. Safety training specific

            flight is incidental to                                   to quarry operations, led by

            business or employment                                    experienced site safety

            and does not carry                                        personnel, conducted in

            passengers for                                            accordance with MSHA

            compensation or hire.                                     regulations, and SUAS training

                                                                      with adherence to BFOM will

                                                                      ensure equivalent level of

                                                                      safety.

   8                                                                                                        
14 CFR         SUMMARY OF            REASON FOR EXEMPTION                 EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART            REGULATION                        REQUEST
91.119 (c)  Minimum safe altitudes                                                     SAFETY
            over other than         Operating closer than 500 feet to a
91.121      congested area; 500     person, vehicle, or structure may be  People will not be allowed
            foot limits             necessary for survey and equipment
                                    inspection.                           over, under or within 500 feet
            Altimeter settings,                                           laterally of the aircraft in flight.
            barometric equivalents  Procedures to set and confirm
                                    barometric altitude do not provide    Some flights may require the
                                    for operation of remote telemetry to
                                    SUAS pilot which displays altitude    participation or guidance of
                                    derived from GPS signals. Flight      quarry personnel, positioned as
                                    control systems onboard the SUAS
                                    control altitude with a static        close as 200 feet. Boyd will
                                    barometer and report its GPS values
                                    to the pilot.                         brief them on safety and obtain
                                                                          necessary consent. Quarry site

                                                                          safety rules require wearing

                                                                          protective helmets, clothing
                                                                          and footwear. Vehicles are

                                                                          hardened against impact with

                                                                          rock and other quarry material.
                                                                          Reinforced structures contain

                                                                          conveyors to be inspected and
                                                                          a safety case is planned in the

                                                                          BFOM.

                                                                          An onboard air pressure sensor
                                                                          and software resolve height
                                                                          differences as small as one
                                                                          centimeter. Altitude is
                                                                          controlled by measuring air
                                                                          pressure and the z--axis
                                                                          accelerometer/GPS values.
                                                                          The starting point is a relative
                                                                          height measurement calculated
                                                                          by the flight controller.
                                                                          Altitude above ground from
                                                                          GPS is displayed on the pilot's
                                                                          handheld controller by
                                                                          telemetry, and alarms can
                                                                          signal conditions of interest.
                                                                          400 feet AGL is the maximum
                                                                          permissible in the BFOM,
                                                                          which describes altimeter
                                                                          procedures.

   9                                                                                                               
14 CFR         SUMMARY OF              REASON FOR EXEMPTION                  EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART            REGULATION                          REQUEST
91.151 (b)                                                                                SAFETY
            Fuel requirements for     The X6 multirotor is designed to fly
91.405 (a)  flight in VFR             for a maximum of 30 minutes with       Battery voltage under load is
91.405 (b)  conditions.               its 2 batteries.                       displayed on the pilot's
            Rotorcraft under VFR                                             handheld controller during
            must carry enough fuel                                           flight. The X6 uses 2 lithium
            to reach first landing                                           polymer batteries of a multi--
            point and then another                                           cell design, connected in
            20 minutes.                                                      parallel for redundancy and
                                                                             optimal current delivery.
            Maintenance required. In the absence of certification            Battery chemistry does not
                                                                             support adequate current
            Required inspections requirements for SUAS and SUAS              discharge below about 3 v per
                                      maintenance personnel, reasonable      cell. Circuitry in the onboard
            and discrepancies         alternatives must be developed to      flight controller measures
            repaired between                                                 voltage and will start a failsafe
            required inspections      maintain equivalent levels of safety.  procedure to land before
                                                                             summed minimums are
            pertains to certificated                                         reached. In the event that one
                                                                             or more cells fail, these
            manned aircraft and                                              minimums may be reached
                                                                             sooner than expected, due to
            procedures conducted                                             rapid current drain against a
                                                                             smaller number of functioning
            by licensed maintenance                                          cells. Boyd pilots are trained to
                                                                             monitor voltage and recognize
            personnel.                                                       abnormal discharge in flight
                                                                             and to land sooner than forced.
            Maintenance records. Qualifications for maintenance              If 20 minutes of flighttime or
                                                                             25% of reserve voltage under
            Maintenance personnel personnel for SUAS were not                load is reached, pilot must
                                                                             commence landing.
            to make appropriate contemplated by these regulations,           Boyd will document

            entries.                  and a reasonable alternative must be   maintenance, overhaul,
                                                                             replacement and inspection
                                      developed to maintain equivalent
                                                                             requirements in the absence of
                                      levels of safety.
                                                                             manufacturer's requirements;
                                                                             will document and maintain

                                                                             maintenance records and
                                                                             technician qualification criteria

                                                                             in the BFOM.

                                                                             Qualifications, competence and
                                                                             testing for maintenance

                                                                             personnel are defined in the
                                                                             BFOM. Maintenance

                                                                             personnel so qualified will

                                                                             make appropriate entries.

   10                                                                                                              
14 CFR      SUMMARY OF           REASON FOR EXEMPTION EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART
91.407 (a)  REGULATION                        REQUEST                          SAFETY
(1)
            Operation after      There is no authorization procedure Procedures for the PIC to test
91.409 (a)
(1)         maintenance, preventive for a person who can approve a      then approve a return to

91.409 (a)  maintenance,         return to service of an SUAS, and a service after maintenance are
(2)
91.417 (a)  rebuilding, or alteration. reasonable alternative must be   defined in the BFOM.

91.417 (b)                       developed to maintain equivalent

                                 levels of safety.

            Inspections, annual  Annuals conducted by a qualified Schedules for inspection and

                                 inspector require authorization        responsibilities of the PIC and

                                 criteria for that inspector, not yet   qualified technician are
                                                                        described in the BFOM.
                                 defined for SUAS. A reasonable
                                 alternative must be developed to

                                 maintain equivalent levels of safety.

            Inspections,         Issuance of airworthiness certificates Airworthiness is the final

            airworthiness        for SUAS under 55 pounds operated responsibility of the PIC,

                                 VLOS is not contemplated by these supported by the technician as

                                 regulations                            defined in the BFOM.

            Maintenance records. Regulations do not contemplate         The operator will maintain

                                 requirements or approval processes records according to the

                                 for maintenance and inspection of procedures specified in the

                                 uncertificated SUAS, however a         BFOM.

                                 reasonable alternative must be

                                 developed to maintain equivalent

                                 levels of safety.

            Maintenance records. Retaining and transferring records of Records and documentation

                                 maintenance and defects according will be kept for all maintenance
                                 to standards prescribed for
                                                                        performed, defects, and for all
                                 authorized maintenance and
                                                                        components specified in the
                                 inspection is not contemplated in the BFOM.
                                 regulations for SUAS. A reasonable

                                 alternative is necessary to maintain

                                 equivalent levels of safety.

PILOT IN COMMAND AND CREW                                                                                    

The PIC must hold a private pilot certificate and a third-class medical, be current in
the aircraft named on the certificate, and be in compliance with the training and

   11
testing specified in the BFOM. He must remain in radio communication with a visual              
observer who is in compliance with the training and testing specified in the operator's
manual. The pilot must be able to acquire the aircraft with his own vision according
to eye standards for a third-class airman medical certificate. He must operate within
visual line of sight only, and be able to see the attitude and orientation of the aircraft
himself. If GPS or magnetometer operation is compromised, certain safety features
may not function, and the pilot must understand by his training and experience how
to recover control. The BFOM stresses that preventing and dealing with flight
emergencies is a skill that pilots must learn, practice, and refresh to maintain their
qualification with Boyd.

OPERATION OF THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT

The aircraft will be under the operational control of the petitioner. All operations will
be according to the BFOM, but any FAA conditions and limitations take precedence.

    1. The aircraft used for survey operations by Boyd will be only the Aibotix X6
         as described in the BFOM, unless the FAA approves an amendment to this
         petition.

    2. The PIC will hold a private pilot certificate, a third-class medical certificate,
         and must meet flight review requirements in an aircraft in which the PIC is
         rated, according to 14 CFR § 61.56.

    3. Boyd pilots will operate at least three (3) nautical miles outside populated
         areas, at less than 400 feet AGL and at speeds under 25 miles per hour, in
         class G airspace, in daylight hours only and within visual line of sight of the
         PIC, at least five (5) nautical miles or more away from airports as denoted on
         current FAA-published charts, and use a BFOM-qualified visual observer in
         radio communication with the PIC.

    4. Manufacturer's limitations of the aircraft will not be exceeded, and Boyd's
         operations will adhere to power reserves and lower operational limits
         described in the BFOM.

    5. Preflight inspection by the PIC, and inspection and maintenance procedures
         will be followed according to the BFOM, and will be properly documented
         and signed for by an authorized technician who has completed training
         specified in the BFOM.

   12
6. Test flights by the PIC in connection with maintenance requirements will be
     documented.

7. Manufacturer systems and safety bulletins will be followed, and flight critical
     components will be monitored and replaced when specified in the BFOM.

8. Discrepancies discovered between inspections will be documented by Boyd

     maintenance personnel.
9. If visibility is less than three (3) statute miles from the PIC, the aircraft may

     not be operated less than 500 feet below a cloud, or less than 2000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud.
10. The PIC must follow emergency procedures as described in the BFOM in

     event of lost link, degraded navigation signals, or appearance of
     unauthorized persons within the secure flight perimeter.
11. A commercial Certificate of Authorization will be obtained by FAA's

     designated procedure before any operations are conducted, and Notices to
     Airmen will be filed in accordance with FAA requirements.
12. An N-Number will be obtained for all aircraft operated, and displayed as

     required.
13. RF spectrum will be used in compliance with FCC requirements.
14. Documents required by 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC

     at the point of flight and control, and will be produced upon request by any
     authority.

15. The aircraft will remain clear of and yield right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.

16. The PIC will operate the aircraft from a stationary ground position and not

     from any moving device or vehicle.
17. No operation over congested or densely populated areas is allowed, whether

     these areas are depicted on aeronautical charts or not.

18. The safety of people and property is paramount, and no operations may be
     conducted within 500 feet of non-participants or their property unless
     conducted according to safety procedures in the BFOM which are approved

     by the FAA.
19. All operations will be conducted over controlled-access property, that is,

     mineral quarries, for which permission has been obtained prior to flight, and
     for which safety briefings have been completed according to the BFOM.
20. All incidents, accidents, and transgressions of allowed flight boundaries will

     be reported as required by FAA and NTSB.

   13                                                                                    
BENEFIT TO THE PUBLIC                                                                        

The proposed exemption will allow the operator to mitigate safety risks for those who
must conduct regular surveys of hazardous stockpiles of minerals; will reduce the risk
of climb and fall during equipment inspection; will help quarry operators plan safe use
of explosives; will reduce the number of flights of manned aircraft for regular survey
thereby diminishing the danger of such use, both to those onboard as well as to
people and property under the flight path; and will reduce the environmental impact
of fossil fuel use in aircraft.

A better compliance model is possible for MSHA regulations on coal and noncoal
surge and storage pile hazards including entrapment (30 CFR 77.209, 56.9312, and
citations in the BFOM). The SUAS operation offers safer alternatives to stockpile
inspection than the manner in which it is currently being done. By staying off the pile
area and away from reclaiming operations and high conveyor-fed work areas,
necessary survey and inspection will be performed at lower risk to participants.

REASONS WHY THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
AFFECT SAFETY

The survey aircraft will be operated in accordance with safety protocols defined in the
BFOM, for which we request approval by the FAA according to its authority granted
by Congress in Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

The survey aircraft carries no person, cargo, or flammable liquid fuel. Its size and
weight are a small fraction of any manned aircraft, and its safety systems reflect best
design practices in the SUAS industry.

People on the ground inside a quarry are required to wear helmets and safety clothing,
and operators of heavy vehicles allowed access are protected against rock strike by
safety cabs.

As proposed by Boyd, SUAS operations enhance safety procedures and help with
MSHA compliance. When operated by licensed pilots over a rock quarry, an SUAS
used for survey and inspection will reduce the risk and duration of exposure to risk
for employees, contractors, nearby communities and manned aviation.

   14
When properly operated by trained pilots, a well-designed SUAS can stay clear of
people and property on the ground and in the air. Procedures, airmanship skills,
training and testing requirements for SUAS personnel in the BFOM will let the
operator achieve safety levels in the NAS and on the ground which are equivalent to
or greater than in manned aviation.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION TO SUPPORT THE REQUEST

The National Institute for Occupational Safety & Health (NIOSH), Spokane Research
Laboratory reports that, "Slope stability accidents are one of the leading causes of
fatalities at U.S. surface mining operations." NIOSH did a comprehensive analysis to
identify accidents where unanticipated movement of the ground was the primary cause.

The Mine Safety and Health Administration recorded 11,446 accidents, including 57
fatalities, at surface mines in the 5 years from 2009 to 2013.

While MSHA classifies accidents as "fall of face or highwall," "powered haulage,"
"equipment," and other categories, NIOSH finds that bench and highwall failures, rock
falls, waste dump and stockpile failures, and the collapse of unknown underground
workings explain the accidents, which are up to a third of the totals.

SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION                                                                      

The following summary may be published in the Federal Register:
=======================================
Petitioner requests an exemption from:

14 CFR Parts 61.113 (a) and (b)
14 CFR Parts 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (b), 91.405 (a) and (b), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409
(a) (1), 91.409 (a) (2), 91.417 (a) and (b)

   15
in order to operate a small unmanned aircraft system (SUAS) for purposes of surface
mine stockpile volume survey, inspection of high equipment such as conveyors
feeding the stockpile, and blasting plan support. Petitioner will operate at an
equivalent or higher level of safety than manned aircraft. The pilot in command will
be appropriately qualified with a current private pilot certificate and specialized
training. Access to surface mine operations is restricted to personnel with safety
training, safety clothing, and vehicles protected against rock strike. Surface mines for
survey are located away from populated areas, airports, air traffic, and surface traffic.

Electronic ground-based survey techniques expose people to risk of rockfall, slide,
and falling. The Mine Safety and Health Administration regulates access to surge piles,
stockpiles, and the highwall face and reclaiming areas of surface mines. Manned
aircraft for aerial survey introduce other risks, and do not supply low-angle views into
the canyon of a surface mine, which may be 500 or more feet deep.

The survey aircraft, an Aibotix X6, is an electric multirotor weighing less than 12
pounds, under 4 feet in diameter, equipped with flight control and safety features to
prevent flyaway from mine premises and to minimize risk to people and property
allowed within the zone of operations and outside it.

No flight operations outside the secure areas are allowed, and there are no impacts to
privacy.
=============================================

ATTACHED: AIBOTIX X-6 DEPICTED WITH SURFACE MINES

   16                                                                                         
                                                                                                                Aibot X6.
                                                                                                                Innovative and unique.

Product Features  1.05 m (3.4 ft.)
                  .45 m (1.5 ft)
· Length/width    CFK (Carbon)
· Height          2.555 g (5.6 lb)
· Housing         2.500 g (5.5 lb)
· Weight          90 Km/h (55.9 mph)
· Max. Payload    36 Km/h (22.4 mph)
· Max. Speed      4000 MAMSL (13123 feet)
· Climb rate      up to 30 minutes
· Flight height
· Flight time

,,We chose Aibotix because it is one of the best aeri-
al platforms available for safe, reliable maneuvering
of important payloads, not only in tight spaces."

Rüdiger Wagner, General Manager of Solutions at Leica's Geospatial

Solutions Division.

,,In the Aibot X6 we see an innovative product with a                                                           Robust. Safe. Authentic.
high value potential for our business segment."

Paul Zachoval Operations Coordinator of Austrian Power Grid AG.

Aibotix GmbH · Ludwig-Erhard Straße 14 · 34131 Kassel · Phone: +49 (0) 561 473949-0 · E-Mail: mail@aibotix.com

   17                                                                                                                                        
