September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12714
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1766

Mr. Brian Morson
12135 Sand Pebble Way
Orlando, FL 32824

Dear Mr. Morson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated May 12 and July 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography for real estate purposes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Brian Morson is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Brian Morson is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Brian Morson
12135 Sand Pebble Way
Orlando, FL 32824
Brian.Morson@gmail.com
{PH) 407-432-5364
(FAX) 407-286-2719
May 12,2015

Docket Operations, M-30:
U.S Department of Transportation (DOT)
1200 New Jersey Ave SE, Rm W12-140
West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590

Subject: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 45.27(a), 45.29 (3) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.103,
91.119, 91.121, 91.203, 91.151

Following the format of FAA Exemption No. 11138 -Regulatory Docket No. FAA- 2014-048, 11 have
included:

1. Supplemental Response for Petition
2. PHANTOM 3 Safety Guidelines,
3. PHANTOM 3, Quick Start Manual vl.O,
4. PHANTOM 3 Professional User Manual
5. Personal protocols and controls- Safety/Flight concerns

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, I, Brian
Morson, a for the last 8 years a professional Videographer/Photographer for Real Estate Industry is
preparing this exemption request myself, would like to apply for an exemption from the following Code
of Federal Regulations (C.F.R) to be allowed commercial operation of lightweight Unmanned Aircraft
Systems (sUAS) for aerial imaging and video of Orlando, Sarasota and Tampa Landmarks and homes I list
for sale.

I have experience in flying hobby quads-copters for recreational purposes during the past 5 years
without incident also I'm a participating member of the AMA (Academy of Model Aeronautics). I have
added a hobby grade DJI Phantom 3 quad-copter (maximum gross weight 2.82 pounds, equipped with
four rotors that are driven by electric motors powered by batteries, the UAS has a maximum airspeed of
31.10 knots) to my inventory equipped with a Sony EXMOR Yz.3" camera with intent for aerial
videography/cinematography to enhance academic community awareness and augment real estate
listing videos; following an exemption and approval by the FAA.
Morson Petition
May 12,2015
Page 2

My exemption request would permit operation of ultra-light weight, unmanned (piloted by remote
control) in predetermined areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic, under
400ft. and after carefully reviewing, inspecting and examining the area of aerial observation. This would
allow for community videos and within property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate listing
videos/photos. I will abide all FAA requirements to ensure this exemption will provide a level of safety at
least equal to existing rules and will only operate in a safe environment that is strictly controlled, are
away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; and I will conduct
extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which safety carries primary importance.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203

Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized, I am
asking exemption from 14CFRpart21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) and§91.203 (a) and (b)
(Certifications required), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the
requirements for an equivalent level of safety under14CFRpart 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95
(Section 333).

14 C.F.R. 45.27(a): Location of marks; non fixed-wing aircraft. 14 C.F.R. 45.29 (3) (c) (d) (e)(f)(h): Size of
Marks

Furthermore I request an exemption from §45.23 Marking of the aircraft because my UAS will not have
a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Additionally two -inch
lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering
requirement. I understand the need for markings and will mark my UAS in the largest possible lettering
by placing the word "Experimental" or assigned number or name (based on a request or ruling by the
FAA ) on its fuselage as required by §45.29(f) so that anyone assisting him as a spotter will see the
markings. I also ask for an exemption from §§91.405{a),91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) and(b)
Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they only apply to aircraft with
an airworthiness certificate. But, as a safety precaution I will perform a preflight inspection of my UAS
before each flight as outlined in his operating documents.

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

Under §61.113 (a) and(b) private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations, however I can achieve
an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current regulations because my UAS does not carry any
pilots or passengers. While helpful, a pilots' license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The
risks of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in
14 CFR part61,et seq., I requests an exemption from §61.113 Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations. A
side note, I have already explored getting my pilot's license, at the direction of the FAA, I would gladly
begin education and eventual licensing. Brian Morson Petition Page 3 Regarding UAS operational
training, as stated previously I have Five years' experience flying numerous practice flights in remote
' ' Morson Petition
                May 12,2015
                Page 3

                areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the
                characteristics of his UAS' performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I also own
                and practices on a computerized simulated flights software to maintain adequate skills and response
                reflex time. I'm also aware of a three-day drone training course in Sarasota Florida and would gladly
                attend if required by the FAA.

                 14 C.F.R. 91.103 (b) (1}, (b)(2}: Preflight Action.

                If granted an exemption I agree to additional safety procedures including, but not limited to:

                      1) Keeping my USA within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the controller to both aid in direct
                            line of sight visual observation.

                      2) Operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight; land my UAS according to the manufacturer's
                            recommended minimum level of battery power.

                      3) Operate my UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS).
                      4) Use the UAS' global positioning system and Global Navigation Satellite System and Vison

                            Positioning System (GPS/GLONASS) flight safety feature; it hovers and then slowly lands if
                            communication with the remote control.
                      5) Conduct all operations under my own personal and flight safety protocols (including posting a
                            warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress -Remain Back Min 150 feet").
                      6) I will operate and will actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly
                            update and enhance my safety protocols.
                      7) Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of his estimated
                            flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information.
                      8) Always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation.
                      9) Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

                Aerial videography for geographical awareness of real estate marketing has been around for a long time
                through manned fixed winged aircraft and helicopters, but for small business, its expense has been cost-
                prohibitive. Granting this exemption would allow me to provide this service at a much lower cost.
                Further, my small UAS, when used properly, will pose no threat to the public given its small size and lack
                of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. The operation of his UAS will minimize
                ecological damage and promote economic growth by providing information to companies looking to
                relocate or new build in the Orlando, Tampa and Sarasota areas of Florida.

                One final comment, the use of UAS has already proven to increase the marketability of a home. For
                example please review the article published by ABC News Jan 6, 2015 by Susanna Kim via Good Morning
                America cites "Doug Trudeau". The article cites the FAA's exemption given to Doug Trudeau, for Real
                Estate
  Morson Petition
  May 12,2015
  Page 4

~~"'-----Brian Morson

  Enclosure
                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                       WASHINGTON, DC

                         Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1766-0001

          IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                        BRIAN MORSON

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

  SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
  91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL

    OPERATION OF BLADE 350QX AP AND DJ UNMANNED AIRCRAFT
                                             SYSTEMS

                             PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
           THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                     (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                           ADDEDUM: 1
                                                           Submitted on July 27, 2015
                                                           BRIAN MORSON
                                                           12135 Sand Pebble Way
                                                           Orlando, FL 32824

                                                   Page 2 of 35
                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                         Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS. .................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION........................................................................................................

         THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH BRIAN MORSON
         SEEKS EXEMPTION .................................................................................5
         THE EXTENT OF RELIEF BRIAN MORSON SEEKS AND THE REASON
         BRIAN MORSON SEEKS THE RELIEF............................. ..................9
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING BRIAN MORSON REQUEST WOULD
         BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ...............................................................13
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY ......................................................................... 16
         SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER. .... 31
         ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
         AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT BRIAN MORSON REQUEST.... ......... 31
CONCLUSION. .................................................................................................................. 34

                                                    Page 3 of 35
AGL             GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC                 Above Ground Level
ATO                 Area of Interest
AV                  Air Traffic Control
CFR                 Air Traffic Organization
COA                 Aerial Vehicle
FAA                 Code of Federal Regulations
FAR                 Certificate of Authorization
GCS                 Federal Aviation Administration
GPS                 Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL                 Ground Control Station
NAS                 Global Positioning System
NOTAM               Loss of Link
PIC                 National Airspace System
Section 333         Notice to Airman
Section 333 SO      Pilot In Command
SOP                 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
UA                  Safety Observer
UAS                 Standard Operating Procedures
VFR                 Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS                Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC                 Visual Flight Rules
VTOL                Visual Line of Site
                    Visual Meteorological Conditions
                    Vertical Takeoff and Landing

                Page 4 of 35
B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which BRIAN MORSON Seeks
   Exemption.

         1. BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of
             Section 61.113(a) and (b).

          Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

          subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

          (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
              (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
              hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

          (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
              connection with any business or employment if--

              (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;and

              (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          (c) BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of Section
              91.7(a).

          Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the

          following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of Section
            91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in

         part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
             level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
             when operating--

             (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                  (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                     within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                                                      Page 5 of 35
         (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i)
             of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
             available station; or

         (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
             the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
             departure.

(b) BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of
    Section 91.151(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection

(b), states the following:

(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
    (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
    to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
    fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

5. BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption From The Requirement of Section
   91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
    between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
    have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of Section
   91.407(a) (1)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a) (1), states the following:

(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
    maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

    (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
         43.7 Of this chapter [.]

                                            Page 6 of 35
(b) BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of
    Sections 91.409(a) (1) and 91.409(a) (2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
    aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

    (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
        been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this
        chapter; or

    (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
        with part 21 of this chapter.

(b) BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption from the Requirements of
    Sections 91.417(a) and 91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
    registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
    specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

    (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
         each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
         include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
            the work performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
              aircraft for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

                                            Page 7 of 35
         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
            each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
             propeller, rotor, and appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
              are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
              last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
              aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
             directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
             safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
             involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
             required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
              major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
              propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
    prescribed:

    (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work
         is performed.

    (2) The records specified in paragraph (a) (2) of this section shall be retained
         and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

     (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
          this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
          approved for return to service.

                                            Page 8 of 35
C. The Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
   MORSON Seeks The Relief.
         1. Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
            D. MORSON Seeks Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b).
         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and

limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a
private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical
certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the
proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b)
state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that
business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

         As set forth more fully below, BRIAN MORSON submits that an equivalent level
of safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI PHANTOM
3, PROFESSIONAL UAS unless that PIC has met certain flight- hour and currency
requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers,
as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, BRIAN MORSON submits that all flights of the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1)

                                                    Page 9 of 35
         will be incidental to BRIAN MORSON business; and (2) will not carry passengers
or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
            MORSON Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow BRIAN MORSON to determine that the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the
UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the BRIAN MORSON Aerial
Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL
Instruction Manual).

         BRIAN MORSON seeks the requested relief because the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, BRIAN MORSON will ensure that the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS are in airworthy condition based upon its
compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further,
determine that the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions
and limitations below

          3. Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
              MORSON Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS, which utilize a
barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data

                                                    Page 10 of 35
         link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control
station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS
operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL),
BRIAN MORSON seeks the requested relief because the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UA altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than
the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained since the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA are equipped with a
barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground
level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with
altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

         4. Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
            MORSON Seeks Relief From Section 91.151(b).

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UAs during daylight hours in visual
meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of
13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes. BRIAN MORSON seeks the requested relief because
without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery

                                                    Page 11 of 35
powered DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA will severely constrain the practicality
of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that BRIAN MORSON proposes to
conduct pursuant to this Petition. Significantly, as set forth below, the technical
specifications of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS, operating documents, and
BRIAN MORSON proposed operating limitations, ensure that BRIAN MORSON will
safely operate the battery powered DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA during
daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR),
with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5
minutes.

         5. Extent Of Relief BRIAN MORSON Seeks And The Reason BRIAN
            MORSON Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
            & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, BRIAN MORSON requests relief
from these Sections because the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS do not
require airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333 for operation without
an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, BRIAN MORSON will use trained technicians
to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the
methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the
BRIAN MORSON Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL Instruction Manual). Furthermore, BRIAN MORSON
will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS.

                                                    Page 12 of 35
D. The Reasons Why Granting BRIAN MORSON Request Would Be In The Public
   Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing BRIAN

MORSON too safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography
of real estate and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

         Additionally, use of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS will decrease
congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy.
Notably, the benefits of BRIAN MORSON proposed operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA are battery powered and serve as a
safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to
obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial
acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL
         UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air
pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography

                                                    Page 13 of 35
         missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control
during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

        2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency of the DJI
           PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS.

         Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS,
instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels
of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still photography
flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS produce no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally
conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion engine aircraft that
are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning approximately 20-30
gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA,
while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as
the UA are propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion
engine. By using the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS to perform aerial
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is
usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located
onboard the aircraft, the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA weighing approximately
2.82 pounds respectively, at their maximum gross weights with BLADES widths of 23.22
inches respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral
damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft
that typically conduct similar operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a

                                                    Page 14 of 35
         wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180
gallons).

         3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With the DJI
            PHANTOM 3 PROFESSIONAL UAS Will Benefit the Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL
UAS are also an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial
operations. As such, operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS will allow
United States based companies, like BRIAN MORSON, to remain competitive and
contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel
and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded
aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative
technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI PHANTOM
3, PROFESSIONAL UAS is one such technology that not only allows companies greater

         operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility
without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS, companies such as
BRIAN MORSON, can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater
job stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the
U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial
use of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS, provides a stable workforce that
increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
United States and abroad.

                                                    Page 15 of 35
         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, BRIAN MORSON proposed operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS will be operated only in compliance with
operating documents (i.e., the BRIAN MORSON Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL Instruction Manual) which
requires property owner involvement as well as local law enforcement notification, and in
accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,

   Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
   Provided By The Rule From Which BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA Meet the
            Conditions of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
            Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, BRIAN MORSON operation of the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and
will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart
H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a

                                                    Page 16 of 35
         hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national

security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
             later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of
             Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
             operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of
             the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the
             guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the
             determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at
             a minimum--

                  (1) ) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result
                      of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity
                      to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual
                      line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
                      airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
                      security; and

                  (2) ) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization,
                      or airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49,
                      United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned
                      aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under
             this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely
             in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish
             requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
             national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, BRIAN MORSON submits that the DJI

PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and UAS can operate safely in the NAS

pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by:

         (a) The characteristics of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL

UAS;

         (b) The pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating

limitations.

                                                    Page 17 of 35
               a. The specifications of The DJI PHANTOM 3,

PROFESSIONAL, UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

         The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS do not create a hazard

to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security

considering its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL
                  UAS.
         The technical specifications of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL

UAS are set forth by the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL Specifications and

Data Sheet, previously attached hereto as Exhibit A and B.

                  ii. The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs
                     Autonomous Flight and Navigation Modes Enable the UASs to
                     Remain Within A
                     Defined Operational Area.

         The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS may be operated in both

manual and fully autonomous flight modes. A complete description of the flight

and navigational modes of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS is

provided at page 25 of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL User Manuals,

as submitted previously Exhibit C and D.

                  iii. The DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS is designed for
                      Automatic Return to Home Point or Hover In The event Of Loss
                      Of The Control Link or Navigation.

         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL

UA will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the

DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UAs do not reacquire control link

                                                    Page 18 of 35
         data from the GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and

the UAs will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will

descend to the takeoff position and shutdown.

         A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI PHANTOM 3,

PROFESSIONAL UAS are set forth at pages 13 through 14 at pages users' manual
as previously provided. Description of the operation and specifications of the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL GCS and flight control software is provided at
pages 34 through 38 of the DJI PHANTOM 3 User manual.
Manual. DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL User Manuals as previously

attached hereto as Exhibits C and D.

            b. Flight Operations of DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS Are
               Limited to the Line Of Sight of a Certificated Pilot in Command With
               A Safety Observer.

         BRIAN MORSON will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current

and valid airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI

PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs. Additionally, a safety observer will

assist all pilots during flight time.

            c. Flights Of DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS Will Be
               Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, BRIAN MORSON proposes to commercially

operate DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS for the special purpose of

conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant

to the following specific operating limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the
            following aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs
            weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI PHANTOM 3,
            PROFESSIONAL Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any
            other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.
                                                    Page 19 of 35
 2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting
    operations for the purpose of aerial video and photography.

 3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

 4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above
    ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the
    operating documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC.
    All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

 5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at
    all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by
    any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-
    issued airman medical certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
   permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy
   the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
   SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
   messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
   designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
   duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform the functions
   prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
   and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and
   is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
   UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant
   of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
   conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
   and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
   outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
   operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions
   and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
   The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
   extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines
   that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
   the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
   exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
   questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

                                           Page 20 of 35
10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
    safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the
    necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
    condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the
    preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
    documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
    component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the
    functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
    relevant sections of the operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
    inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must
    be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of
    work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the
    UAS to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
    corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
    third- class medical certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
    operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the
    UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
    § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are permitted
    under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be
    conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
    experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are

                                           Page 21 of 35
    considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
    distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §
    19.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological
    conditions (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at
    the FAA office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special
    visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
    agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
    conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The
    letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the
    Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
    PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered
    in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
    speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
    remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the
    grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice
    to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
    hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with
    airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
    altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
    Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
    and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications
    Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
    requirements.

                                           Page 22 of 35
28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
    available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
    UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to the
    Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons),
    vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
             operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
             protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
             protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
             immediately and/or;

          b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
             owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
             permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
             operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
             an undue hazard, and;

          c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons
             do not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

 32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property
     with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
     Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
     obtained for each flight to be conducted.

 33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
     vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA
     must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
     hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
     (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

                                           Page 23 of 35
         2. Reasons Why an Exemption from the Requirements of Section 61.113(a)
            and (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         BRIAN MORSON submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section
61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting
minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption,

         Including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering BRIAN MORSON proposed area of operations, and the operating
limitations set forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge
requirements to those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and
the airmanship skills necessary to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL
UAS, BRIAN MORSON submits that the additional manned airmanship experience of a
commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for
BRIAN MORSON specific proposed flight operations.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

                                                    Page 24 of 35
         BRIAN MORSON will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-
hour requirements or the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS training and
currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3,

         PROFESSIONAL UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including
evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a
minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of
UAS to be used for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements,
the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight
experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure
an equivalent level of safety during BRIAN MORSON proposed operations. The
Administrator has held that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in
compliance with applicable regulations would ensure safe operations, stating as
follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting
         operations for the purpose of video and photography (or similar operations),
         the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
         CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at
         least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to
         operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have accumulated

                                                    Page 25 of 35
         and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make
         and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption. For
         clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be
         inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be
         included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be
         included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour
         requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the
         preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a
         minimum, the flight-hour requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are
         appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the skills necessary to safely
         conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior
         documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
         applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency,
         and experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of
         exemption to accomplish the required flight time. During training,
         proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate
         the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.

Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

         Accordingly, BRIAN MORSON will ensure safe operations by not allowing

any PIC to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS unless that PIC

has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency

         requirements that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3,

PROFESSIONAL UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including

evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from

people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         3. Reasons Why an Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.7(a)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will bemaintained

because prior to every flight, BRIAN MORSON will ensure that the DJI PHANTOM 3,

PROFESSIONAL UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance

                                                    Page 26 of 35
         with its operating documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.
         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161)
         4. Reasons Why an exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.121 would

            not adversely affect Safety.
         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained
because the altitude information of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UA will be
         provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data
link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and
altitude. This altitude information, combined with BRIAN MORSON operation of the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAs within visual line of sight, at or below 500 feet
AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information
         will be generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each
flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UASs at ground
level.
         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,
11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

                                                    Page 27 of 35
         5. Reasons Why an Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.151(b)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight
operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, BRIAN
MORSON will ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered DJI PHANTOM 3,

         PROFESSIONAL UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough
battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing
and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

         Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations;
and the location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety
established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS provide audible and visual warnings to the PIC at
the GCS when the UAs experiences low battery voltage, the first warning occurring at

         approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10%
remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI Phantom Vision+ and
DJ UASs will descend and land automatically.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and
operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned

                                                    Page 28 of 35
         aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151,
including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously
granted relief
from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
            91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (1) & (a) (2), And 91.417(a) & (b)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, BRIAN MORSON submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by

         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will
be met because BRIAN MORSON will use trained technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the BRIAN MORSON Aerial

         Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL Instruction Manual). Furthermore, BRIAN MORSON will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS.

         Since the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS will be inspected as
prescribed by the operating documents, BRIAN MORSON will maintain the equivalent

                                                    Page 29 of 35
         level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A
copy of

         the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL User Manuals are attached hereto as
Exhibit C and D; a copy of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS Maintenance
LOG is as previously attached hereto as Exhibit E.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because BRIAN
   MORSON will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive
maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the
operating documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the
DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UASswill be performed by trained technicians.
Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the
UAS are considered.

         In consideration of BRIAN MORSON proposed operating limitations, the
operating documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI PHANTOM 3,
PROFESSIONAL UAS, BRIAN MORSON submits that safety will not be adversely
affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2),

         91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific

                                                    Page 30 of 35
          to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein
(e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published in the Federal Register, stating: The Rules
    from Which BRIAN MORSON Seeks Exemption:
         BRIAN MORSON seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
         (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         A Brief Description of the Nature of the Exemption BRIAN MORSON
         Seeks:
         This exemption will permit BRIAN MORSON to commercially operate an
         Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and
         photography over certain areas of the United States.

 G. Any Additional Information, Views, or Arguments Available To Support BRIAN
      MORSON Request.
         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain
UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, BRIAN MORSON request for exemption
may be granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as
set forth above. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a
UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, BRIAN MORSON will operate the DJI PHANTOM
3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of
the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                                    Page 31 of 35
         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, BRIAN MORSON requests

that the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI

PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS, which contain such safety standards that
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121,

91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such

special conditions will permit safe operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of

conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States for

compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering

whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a

threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate

without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be

established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs, since the

airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety

standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled

Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or
         propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product.
         The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and
         contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA
         finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the
         regulations.

                                                    Page 32 of 35
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA

may prescribe special conditions for Leading Edge's intended operation of the BLADE
350 QX AP and DJ UASs, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                    Page 33 of 35
                                                CONCLUSION
              As set forth herein, BRIAN MORSON seeks an exemption pursuant to 14
§ 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS
commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this
Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by
allowing BRIAN MORSON to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, BRIAN MORSON respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Leading Edge to operate the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial
video and photography over certain areas of the United States.
Dated: July 27, 2015

                                                               Respectfully submitted,
                                                               BRIAN MORSON

                                                    Page 34 of 35
                                            BRIAN MORSON

                                            12135 Sand Pebble
                                            Way Orlando
                                            Florida Tel: (407)
                                            432-5364

Appendices:
A - Monthly Maintenance Log

                             Page 35 of 35
                                               APENDIX - A
                                              Maintenance Log

UAS$#:$              Date(Issue( Date(Issue(  Issue(Description(&(Maintenance(Conducted  Maintenance (Performed (By
                     Discovered Addressed                                                           :(((

                                                                                                    Print(&(Sign

Software(Updates
Airframe(
Engines
Propellers
Camera(Gimbal
Landing(Gear
Vibration(Dampening
Other:

                                              Page 36 of 35
                                                  CONCLUSION
              As set forth herein, BRIAN MORSON seeks an exemption pursuant to 14
§ 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS
commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this
Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by
allowing BRIAN MORSON to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL and DJ UASs commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, BRIAN MORSON respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.15l(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Leading Edge to operate the DJI
PHANTOM 3, PROFESSIONAL UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial
video and photography over certain areas of the United States.
Dated: July 27, 2015

                                                                  Respectfully submitted,
                                                                  BRIAN MORSON

                                                             Page 34 of 35
