September 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12771
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1777

Mr. Brian Stanford
4012 Tennyson Street
San Diego, CA 92107

Dear Mr. Stanford:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
photogrammetry, photography, cinematography, industrial inspections, search and rescue, and
analyses.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Quanum 680UC Pro.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Brian Stanford is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Brian Stanford is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Quanum 680UC
         Pro when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Docket ID: FAA-2014-1081
Petition for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
and Part 11.81 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

April 24, 2015

Petitioner:
Brian Stanford
4012 Tennyson St.
San Diego, CA 92107
Email: brian@stanfordenterprise.com

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11.81, Brian Stanford, hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its small,
unmanned aircraft for photogrammetry, photography/cinematography, industrial
inspections, search & rescue, and analyses. All operations shall be conducted within and
under the conditions and limitations outlined previously by the FAA as required by
Section 333 and conducted in compliance with the attached operator's manuals.

1. Sections from which exemptions are sought: Application is hereby made for
    exemption from:
         a. 14 CFR Part 21, subpart H
         b. 14 CFR Part 61.113(a) and (b)
         c. 14 CFT Part 91:
                  i. 91.103(b)(2)
                  ii. 91.105
                 iii. 91.109
                 iv. 91.119
                  v. 91.121
                 vi. 91.151
                vii. 91.405
               viii. 91.407
                 ix. 91.409
                  x. 91.417

2. Relief sought:
a. Brian Stanford wishes to operate small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS)
    for commercial purposes to include (but not be limited to) photogrammetry,
    photography/cinematography, industrial inspections, search & rescue, and
    analyses. This relief is sought because commercial use of sUAS is currently
    prohibited by law unless performed under an exemption.

b. This exemption will cover use of the following airframes, all of which will
    weigh less than 55 pounds including payload and energy sources:
         i. Quanum 680UC Pro Multi-rotor (6-propeller hexagonal frame, carbon
             fiber):
                  1. Total weight with maximum allowable payload: 9 lbs.
                  2. Dimensions: Greatest width: 680mm (25.59in), Height (with
                      landing gear): 305mm
                  3. Maximum speed: 30kts
                  4. Battery system (1x 4-cell, 14.8 volt, 15,000maH lithium-
                      polymer) provides fifteen (15) minutes of flight time, and two
                      (2) minutes of reserve flight time.
                  5. NAZA-M Flight Controller (with GPS and compass) is
                      installed on this sUAS, and is the most advanced system
                      currently available, with latest firmware release.
                  6. Use of First-Person View ("FPV") for advanced flight safety;
                      provides real-time video downlink from sUAS as well as
                      critical flight systems status to video monitor on transmitter.
        ii. HobbyKing H550 Flamewheel Multi-rotor (6-propeller hexagonal
             frame, plastic/metals):
                  1. Total weight with maximum allowable payload: 6.5lbs
                  2. Dimensions: Greatest width: 550mm (21.65in), Height (with
                      landing gear): 10.5"
                  3. Maximum speed: 30kts
                  4. Battery system (4-cell, 14.8 volt, 5000maH lithium-polymer)
                      provides eight (8) to fifteen (15) minutes of flight time, and one
                      (1) minute of reserve for RTH function if necessary.
                  5. NAZA-M Flight Controller (with GPS and compass) is
                      installed on this sUAS, and is the most advanced system
                      currently available, with latest firmware release.
                  6. Use of First-Person View ("FPV") for advanced flight safety;
                      provides real-time video downlink from sUAS as well as
                      critical flight systems status to video monitor on transmitter.
        iii. Flight Controller and Fail-Safe systems:
                  1. The existing flight control technology that Brian Stanford
                      utilizes is the DJI NAZA-M Flight Controller, which provides
                      these safety features:
                           a. GPS Attitude Control: Prior to flight operation, the GPS
                               records latitude and longitude, and that position
                               becomes the origin of flight. Once airborne, the GPS
                               holds the sUAS in this position, and does not deviate
                               from it, unless the operator changes the mode. This
                                        level of safety safeguards the sUAS, preventing it from
                                        drifting away, and posing a potential risk of injury or
                                        damage to property.
                                    b. Attitude Control: The flight controller disables the GPS,
                                        and allows operator to control the sUAS in a manner
                                        consistent with manual flight. The onboard stability
                                        systems keep sUAS horizontally stabilized, to prevent
                                        erratic flight performance.
                                    c. Return-to-Home ("RTH"): If the operator, under any
                                        circumstances, deems the operation of the sUAS to
                                        become a risk to persons, property, or the sUAS itself,
                                        the RTH command may be invoked, safely returning
                                        the sUAS to the origin of flight, subsequently landing
                                        and powering down autonomously. This feature is a
                                        design protocol that allows the operator to dismiss
                                        operation in the event of his or her inability to control
                                        the sUAS, as in with an emergency situation.
                 iv. Other models to be added by future amendment to this exemption.

3. Public benefit:
         a. Use of sUAS technology to obtain imagery, information and data currently
             obtained by use of manned flight or manual methods:
                  i. Reduces statistical risk to human life due to manned aircraft accidents
                      (e.g., infrastructure inspections) and due to other dangerous activities
                      that can be avoided (e.g., scaffolding/rigging failures during stack or
                      bridge inspections).
                  ii. Reduces the cost of obtaining such information, which benefits
                      consumers and the economy.
                 iii. Reduces environmental impact by eliminating sources of hydrocarbon
                      emissions from manned aircraft.

4. Safety not adversely affected:
         a. Aircraft will be registered and marked in accordance with Section 44711 and
             Part 47 and Part 45, Subpart C.
         b. Aircraft will comply with maintenance and inspection requirements of the
             manufacturer. All repair and maintenance work will be conducted or approved
             by qualified personnel such as those authorized by Robotic Skies (or
             equivalent), and will require a test flight after such work. Records of all
             maintenance and repair work will be kept in a maintenance log for each
             aircraft.
         c. All operations will be conducted in accordance with valid Certificates of
             Authorization.
         d. All flight operations will comply with the following:
                  i. The manufacturers' user manuals.
                  ii. Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM) and Aircraft Flight
                      Manuals (AFM), which include lost communication and other
                      emergency and safety procedures.

                 iii. Conducted in VMC conditions during daylight hours.
                 iv. PIC will maintain VLOS at all times.
                  v. Pre-flight inspections (including ground control station, if any) and

                      safety risk assessments will be conducted prior to each flight.
                 vi. Flight altitudes will remain below 400 feet above ground level.
                vii. Flight ground speeds will not exceed 50 knots.
               viii. Not intrude into Class B, C or D airspace, or published approach, SID

                      or STAR, or take place within 5 nautical miles of an airport.
                 ix. Not be made near persons as required in 14 CFR 91.119 and not over

                      persons on the ground without their prior permission.
                  x. Each flight will be logged in both the PIC's logbook and the aircraft

                      logbook.
                 xi. Not exceed 75% of the battery or fuel capacity of the aircraft, or 30

                      minutes, whichever occurs first.
                xii. Any incidents will be reported within 24 hours of occurrence.
               xiii. Any applicable local FSDO requirements.
               xiv. All other applicable regulations concerned with the operation of

                      aircraft.
         e. Aircraft will use FCC compliant 2.4 GHz for command & control of the

             aircraft with well-defined and tested lost link procedures.

Please advise of any additional information or changes that may be required.

Sincerely,

Brian Stanford
