September 3, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12734
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1964

Mr. Brian D. Fiske III
32238 Renoir Road
Winchester, CA 92596

Dear Mr. Fiske:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
sUAS flight training, agriculture, education, real estate and property insurance documentation
photography, and videography, film and movie production, and demonstration flights.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                              2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Brian D. Fiske III is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Brian D. Fiske III is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and a
         DJI Phantom 3 Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  1

                                                Brian D. Fiske III
                                                 32238 Renoir Road
                                               Winchester, CA 92596

May 18,2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
 1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation
Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 and 14 CFR
Part 11, Brian D. Fiske III hereby petitions the Secretary of Transportation and Federal
Aviation Administration for exemption to the above referenced and below more fully
described Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs"), that currently may or may not apply
to the recreational/business operations of model aircraft including small unmanned
aerial systems ("UASs). Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, Petition that I, Brian D. Fiske III, an
owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs'') listed below so that I, Brian D. Fiske III, may operate
small ultra-lightweight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace
regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").

As described herein I, Brian D. Fiske III, am a licensed Commercial Pilot (Certificate#
3460856) and earned a Master of Aeronautical Science Degree from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical
University specializing in Aviation!Aerospace Management. I am an experienced pilot and
former Certified Flight Instructor in fixed wing aircraft and have flown small unmanned aerial
systems for hobby and recreational purposes.

This exemption would permit commercial operation by Brian D. Fiske III, who would utilize
both the Dll Inspire 1 and a DJI Phantom 3 Professional to conduct sUAS flight training,
agriculture, education, real estate and property insurance documentation photography, and
videography, film and movie production, and demonstration flights to enhance academic
community awareness. I am currently a full-time faculty member for Embry-Riddle Aeronautical
University (ERAU) teaching undergraduate and graduate courses in Aeronautical Science for ten
years. As an Eagle Scout, the exemption would allow the opportunity to provide community
awareness to young people involved with scouting as well as students, veterans and alumni of
ERAU.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited; 2) predetermined in
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  2

areas away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for community
videos, and within property boundaries for individual homeowner and commercial real estate
listing/property insurance documentation videos/photos; and 3) controlled as to access. The
exemption would also provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations within the
aerial photography, film and television industry presently using conventional aircraft and small,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive UASs.

Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by
unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent
accidents. I will operate my UAS within all safety protocols and controls to avoid and
prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft hazards or accidents.

Obtaining this request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate UAS's into the
national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of
the Reform Act specific to the use ofUAS's for commercial purposes. Further I will
conduct operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as
otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below, I respectfully request the grant of an exemption allowing
me to operate ultra-lightweight, remote controlled UAS's for the purpose of providing academic
community awareness and education, to benefit and stimulate agriculture and tourism within
California, general aerial photography, and to enhance real estate listing and property insurance
videos for homeowners and business organizations who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft
for the same purpose, all of which will promote local economic growth through increased
employment and increased tax base.

         I. Contact Information:

             Brian D. Fiske III
             32238 Renoir Road
             Winchester, CA 92596
             Mobile: (949) 220-3019
             Email: bfiske3@gmail.com

         II. The specific sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations from
            which Brian D. Fiske III requests exemption are:

              1. 91.7(a)
             2. 91.119(c)
             3. 91.121
             4. 91.151(a)
             5. 91.405(a)
             6. 91.407(a)(l)
             7. 91.409(a)(l) and (2)
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION                                        3
              8. 91.417(a) and (b)

 Ill. The Extent of relief Brian D. Fiske III seeks and the reason he seeks
      such relief:

 I, Brian D. Fiske III, submit this application in accordance with the Reform
 Act, 112 P.L. 95 § 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs
 operating to prevent me, Brian D. Fiske III, contemplated commercial
 cinematic, academic and other flight operations within the national airspace
 system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil
 unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the
 public's interest to do so. My ultra-light weight UAS meets the definition of"small
 unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my
 ultra-lightweight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like
 to operate my ultra-lightweight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform
 Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft, thereby
providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that
 can be administered uniformly to all UAS aerial video and photography. The
Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UASs that may
operate safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The
weight, size, speed and overall capabilities ofthe UAS's; whether the UAS will
be operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, whether the UAS will
be operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in
favor of an exemption for me, BrianD Fiske III. Both the DJI Inspire 1 and Phantom 3
Professional UAS utilizes four (4) counter rotating propellers for balance, control and
stability. Both UAS are equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology as well as
weighing less than seven (7) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit); including
camera with gimbal.

IV. Regulations Brian D. Fiske III is seeking relief from and reasons:

91.7(a) - It is my understanding that since no FAA regulatory standard exists for
determining airworthiness of the UAS, the regulation is inapplicable.

91.119(c) - Operations will need to occur at altitudes under 300 feet and closer than 500
feet to persons
or objects.

91.121 -The system have a barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities
while the FAA requires any altitude reported to ATC to be in feet AGL.

91.151(a)- The system does not have the capabilities to adhere to this regulation.

91.405(a)- This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

91.407(a)(1) -This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION                                     4

91.409(a)(l) and (2)-This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

91.417(a) and (b)- This section doesn't pertain to a UAS.

I, Brian D. Fiske III if granted a Section 333 exemption would comply the following
conditions:

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
    described in the operating documents which are quad-rotor aircraft both weighing less
    than 7 pounds: Phantom 3 Professional & Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft Systems
    (UAS). Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this grant.

2. The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

3. The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level
    (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All

    altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

4. The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot in

    Command (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision
    unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-
    issued airman medical certificate.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) ofthe VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy
    the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
    VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
    of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed
    in the operating documents.

6. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if he petitions for
    extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that
    any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this
    exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption.
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  5

     The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise
     regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

7. Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
     safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
     UAS, the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
     performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
     Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
     alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
     characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
     functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
     entry in the aircraft records.

9. The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
     discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered
     in the relevant sections ofthe operating documents.

10. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours,
    description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person
    returning the UAS to service.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

13. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14. UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot
    certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also
    meet the flight review requirements specified in L4 CFR 61 ".56 in an aircraft in
    which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of sUAS flight training, agriculture,
    education, real estate and property insurance documentation photography, and
    videography, film and movie production (or similar operations) PIC must have
    accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of
    25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  6

     UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior documented flight experience that was
     obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.
     Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under
     this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time, however, said training
     operations may only be
     conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
     experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
     distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

16. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of sUAS flight training, agriculture,
     education, real estate and property insurance documentation photography, and
     videography, film and movie production (or similar operations), the PIC must have
     accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of
     5 hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model ofthe UAS to be used in
     operations under the exemption; 5 hours make and model time may be included in the
     10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs
     and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency,
     experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted
     under this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day
     currency. However, said training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
     training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the
     PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14
     CFR 91.119.

17. The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of sUAS
     flight training, agriculture, education, real estate and property insurance
     documentation photography, and videography, film and movie production (or similar
     operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with
     14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with
    how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and
     emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
    vehicles and structures.

18. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defmed in 14 CFR 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

20. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.
BRIAN D. FISKE III - SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  7

22. The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
     accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
     weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
     intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

24. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
     Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
     exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
     (NOTAM) not more lhan72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
     operation.

25. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
     number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
     Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
     as large as practicable.

26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
     control of the UAS must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
     (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27. The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC
     at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
     documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
     official upon request.

28. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.

29. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
    from the UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
    nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
    nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA,
    flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller
    of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a
BRIAN D. FISKE III ~ SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  8

              safety assessment ofthe risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that
              it does not present an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
              present an undue hazard to those persons per 91.119(a).

         32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
              permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
              from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
              flight to be conducted.

         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
              boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
              to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
              reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
              contained on the NTSB Web site: -'-'--'-'-'-'-="'"'-'-~-!..!.

I have included the URL links below for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional & DJI Inspire 1 Quick
Start Manuals, the Phantom 3 Professional and Inspire 1 User Manuals and the Phantom 3
Professional and Inspire 1 Safety Guideline that will be used for safe UAS operations to include
preflight checklists.

DJI Phantom 3 Professional

Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide

http)/downlo~d.dji-

innovati_ons.com/~lownloa~s/phantom 3/~n/Phantom 3 Professiom!L.Q.nir~:lllli Gui.~le ...ffiJ2QJ

Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
http;j/dpwnlo;:td.dji-

i®ovatipns_"com/ci_gwnloag§illhantom 3/en/Phantom,. 3 J1r()fessional,JJser Manuai.,.vl .0 ~_n.pdf

Phantom 3 Professional Safety Guidelines
http://downlo<!d.dji-
innovatiOJ)s.com/downloads(nhantorn 3/en/Safety Guidelines Disclaimer en.pgf

DJI Inspire 1

Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide
http://download.dji-
innovations.com/gownloads/inspire.. llcn/Inspire LQuicJc Start Guide en&df

Inspire 1 User Manual
lltiJl://dQwqioad.dji-
innovations.com/downloads/inspire_jj~n/Inspire 1 User Mf[nual vl.2 en.pdf
BRIAN D. FISKE III- SECTION 333 EXEMPTION PETITION  9

Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines
http://download.dji-
ilJHO\',flltio~_]l_t:J:,s:il!:!llldovVI).lo1Jids/inspi(~_J /en/It15Pin:::~tfety Guidelines en. pdf

Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual
http://download.dji-
iimovations.com/downloads/inspire 1/enJinspire I Maintel(;mnce Manu!!_lVl.Q.,.,en.pdf

If more information or documentation is needed to approve this exemption, please contact me at
949.220.3019 and I thank you for your consideration.

-~:nlan D. iske III
       32238 Renoir Road
       Winchester, CA 92596
