August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12463
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1842

Mr. Kristian Cortes
C and C, LLC
P.O. Box 3040
Gurabo, PR 00778

Dear Mr. Cortes:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of C and C, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct student
instruction, aerial photography or survey, and power line or pipeline patrol.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Cinestar 8.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, C and C, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, C and C, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Cinestar 8 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
March 31, 2015                       STEALTf£ DRONE

                                           ~Jt.:a-

                                         K.Cortes@me.com

                                                   787-467-6666

Docket Operations, M-30;
U.S. Department ofTransportation (DOT),
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE., Room W12-140,
West Building Ground Floor, Washington, DC 20590-0001

Dear Sir:

Ref: Petition for Exemption (Pursuant to 14 CFR Section 11.81)

This petition for exemption is submitted on behalf of C & C, LLC aerial drone photography and it owner and
operator,

                  Mr. Kristian Cortes.
                  PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                  Gurabo, PR 00778

Request for Exemption
C & C, LLC respectfully requests relief from the following regulations for the purpose of conducting
commercial"aerial work" flight operations (as defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1(e)(1) Student instruction,
Section 119.1(e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1(e)(4)(vi) Power line or pipeline patrol)
utilizing UAS. (See Type and Model, table page 8)

Part 21 prescribing the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals, productions
approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section
is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 ofPublic Law 112-95 [P .L. 112-95] in
reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the proposed VAS)

Section 45.23(b) prescribing that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to
the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. (C & C, LLC
believes relieffrom this section is not necessary as the proposed VAS is not certificated under Section
21.191 and this petition is submitted in connection with proposed operations as a Civil VAS)

Section 61.31(a) prescribing that a person who acts as a pilot in command of any of the following aircraft
must hold a type rating for that aircraft for other aircraft specified by the Administrator through aircraft
type certificate procedures:

         (1) Large aircraft (except lighter-than-air).
         (2)Turbojet-powered airplanes.
         (3)0ther aircraft specified by the Administrator through aircraft type certificate procedures.

                PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                  Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                                                                                                     STEALTI-l 'DRONE

Continue

(C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided in Section
333 ofP.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the proposed VAS)

Section 61.31 (c) prescribing that unless a person holds a category, class, and type rating (if a class and
type rating is required) that applies to the aircraft, that person may not act as pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying another person, or is operated for compensation or hire. That person also may
not act as pilot in command of that aircraft for compensation or hire. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this
section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 ofP .L. 112-95 in reference to
49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
proposed VAS)

Section 61.31 (d) prescribing that to serve as the pilot in command of an aircraft, a person must-
         (1) Hold the appropriate category, class, and type rating (if a class or type rating is required) for
         the aircraft to be flown; or
         (2) Have received training required by this part that is appropriate to the pilot certification level,
         aircraft category, class, and type rating (if a class or type rating is required) for the aircraft to be
         flown, and have received an endorsement for solo flight in that aircraft from an authorized
         instructor.
         (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided in
         Section333 ofP. L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and
         limited operating area associated with the proposed VAS or, alternatively, requests relieffrom this
         section by Pilot in Command (PlC) compliance with the applicable operational documents published by
         the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.7(a) prescribing that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition. (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this section by Pilot in Command (PlC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.7(b) prescribing that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining
whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall discontinue the flight when
unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur. (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this
section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational documents published by
the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation ofU.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the
aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings,
and placards, or any combination thereof. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not necessary as the
FAA has previously determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials published by the
manufacturer are kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations)

                                                                                              PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                                                                 Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                                                                                              STEALTtl 'DRONE

                                                                      !!$:a-

Continue

Section 91.103(b) prescribing that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway lengths at
airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance information. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this
section is not necessary provided the PIC complies with the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth
in this petition)

Section 91.1 09(a) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning
dual controls. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not necessary provided the P1C complies with the
Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition or utilizes the DT7 & DR16 RC SYSTEM dual
controljeature)

Section 91.119 prescribing that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate
an aircraft below the following altitudes:

       (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue
       hazard to persons or property on the surface. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not
       necessary provided the Pilot in Command (PIC) complies with the applicable operational
       documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set
      forth in this petition)
       (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any
       open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
       horizontal radius of2,000 feet ofthe aircraft. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not
       necessary provided the Pilot in Command (PIC) complies with the applicable operational
       documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set
      forth in this petition)
       (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
       open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
       closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom
       this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational
       documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set
       forth in this petition)

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not necessary
provided the PIC complies with the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.151(a) prescribing that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30
minutes [emphasis added]. (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this section by Pilot in Command (PIC)
compliance with the applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

                                                                                            PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                                                               Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                                                                                         SiEALTtl 'DRONE

                                                                                             !!!~

Continue.

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless it has
within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective U.S. registration
certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft
registration Application as provided for in§ 47.31(c). (C & C, LLC believes relieffrom this section is not
necessary as the FAA has previously determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials
published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations J

Section 91.203(b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin
or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. (C & C, LLC believes relieffrorr~ this section is
not necessary as the FAA has previously determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials
published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations)

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
the chapter. (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been approved
for return to service by a person authorized under§ 43.7 of the same chapter. (C & C, LLC requests relief
from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational documents
published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.409(a) prescribing that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12
calendar months, it has had- (1) an annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or (2) that no
person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an
inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.
(C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable
operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set
forth in this petition)

                                                                                            PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                                                               Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                                                                          STEALTtl V'Rc:JNE

                                                         ::e-t"IT

Continue

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that-
(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in
paragraph (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records ofthe 100-
         hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
         aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
         The records must include-

                   (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed;
                   and
                   (ii)The date of completion of the work performed; and
                   (iii)The signature and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
                   to service.
         (2) Records containing the following information:
                   (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
                   (ii)The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
                   appliance.
                   (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
                   to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                   (iv) The current inspection status ofthe aircraft, including the time since the last
                   inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                   appliances are maintained.
                   (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
                   including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
                   revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
                   when the next action is required.
                   (vi)Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
                   to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a) (1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
         repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a) (2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
         with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§ 43.11 of this chapter
         shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
         (C & C, LLC requests relieffrom this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
         applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
         Limitations set forth in this petition)

                                                                                           PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                                                              Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                              STEALTtl 'DRONE

                                                                 !!$!..-

Extent of and Reasons for Relief Sought

C & C, LLC intends to operate two commercially available Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 8 for the
purpose of providing flight demonstration and aerial work under the provisions of 14 CFR Section 119.1
(e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Power line or pipeline patrol. C & C, LLC
intends to offer commercial "aerial work" services utilizing UAS under the exemptions to 14 CFR Section 135
granted under 14 CFR 119.1 (e) as set forth above. Additionally, C & C, LLC pilot, Kristian Cortes, holds a
Airline Transport Pilot Certificate No. 3226654 (Airplane Single & Multiengine Land, Instrument Airplane,
Rotorcraft-Helicopter)

Public Interest and Benefit

The above "aerial work" services, normally provided in manned aircraft, may be provided with increased safety
and at significantly lower cost in situations where the use of unmanned UAS aircraft would supplement or
replace the use of manned aircraft as a result of safety or economic considerations in certain applications where
extended operational range and limited time aloft are not a factor. The proposed UAS operations will pose no
threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft,
minimize potential ecological affects or damage, and promote economic growth by providing data information
to individuals or companies requiring aerial survey or imaging data. Additionally, the growth of the UAS
industry has precipitated a large influx of "recreational" UAS pilots without formal knowledge or training
regarding the effects or potential danger ofUAS flight with the National Airspace System (NAS). While it is
unclear what, if any, pilot certification requirements will ultimately apply to UAS pilots operating for
commercial purposes under the final rulemaking process, there is a present need for training and dissemination
of the applicable federal aviation regulations and flight characteristics ofUAS to the general public; specifically
current and potential UAS operators. UAS flight and ground demonstration and instruction for compensation
utilizing the current system of certificated flight instructors provides economic incentive to accomplish the
public goal of integration ofboth recreational and commercial UAS into the NAS while promoting safety and
maintenance public awareness of current regulations affecting UAS operation.

Exemptions Provide a Level of Safety Equal to or Greater than the Existing Level under Current
Regulations

The use ofUAS operated under the requested exemptions as set forth above have the capacity to operate with
less risk of accident or injury and the associated loss of property or life while performing the same aerial work
services offered in manned aircraft in certain situations where extended operational range and limited time aloft
are not a factor. Likewise, UAS flight and ground demonstration and instruction for compensation promote and
encourage the existing system of certificated flight instructors to participate in the public educational process
utilizing UAS rather than manned aircraft. Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an
incident or accident. The Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 8 carry no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following
an incident or accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

This petition for exemption does not propose an electronic means to monitor and communicate with other
aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather the risk is mitigated by placing limits on
altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds, permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the
UAS be operated within VLOS and yield right of way to all manned operations. Additionally, the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations provide that the C & C, LLC will request a notice to airmen (NOTAM) prior to
operations to alert other users of the NAS.

                                         PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                           Gurabo, PR 00778
                               STEALTfl VRVNE

                                   !!!:!ET

Continue

C & C, LLC' UAS has the capability -to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight contingencies or
failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability augmentation and control. The UAS is also able
to respond to a loss ofGPS or a lost-link event with pre-coordinated automated flight maneuvers. These safety
features provide an equivalent or higher level of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding airworthiness
certificate (restricted or otherwise) performing a similar operation.

Federal Register Summary

C & C, LLC Exploration Company, including its chief pilot Craig E Bryan, seeks exemption from the following
regulations for the purpose of conducting flight instruction and commercial "aerial work" flight operations
utilizing Unmanned Aerial Systems ("UAS") as set forth under the provisions of 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(1)
Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi)
Powerline or pipeline patrol:

Relief considered (14 CFR) FAA Consideration or Action Requested

         Part 21 Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         45.23(b) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         61.31(a) Relief not necessary (Section 333 ofP.L. 112-95)
         61.31(c) Relief not necessary (Section 333 ofP.L. 112-95)
         61.31(d) Relief not necessary (Section 333 ofP.L. 112-95)
         91.7(a) Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.7(b) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         91.9(b)(2) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         91.103(b) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         91.109(a) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         91.119 Relief [paragraph (c)] granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.121 Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.151(a) Relief [paragraph 91.151(a)(1), day] granted in prior exemption with conditions and
         limitations 1
         91.203(a) and (b) Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemption
         91.405(a) Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.407(a)(l) Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.409(a)(1) and (2) Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations
         91.417(a) and (b) Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations

Additional Information Offered in Support of this Petition for Exemption

C & C, LLC chief pilot, Kristian Cortes, operated various manned aircraft, including fixed-wing for commercial
purposes and rotorcraft recreational including aerial work. Additionally, Kristian Cortes has operated UAS
vehicles for the past 10 years for non-commercial personal use in order gain flight experience and familiarity
with the operating characteristics and limitations of the UAS and its videography and photography systems. As
a result it is believed there are certain aerial work situations, where the range and time aloft limitations ofUAS
are not a factor, whereby aerial work may be conducted with greater safety and less risk to persons or property
on the ground while offering the same or improved level of aerial work product.

          PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
            Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                          STEALTH. V'R<:JNE

                                                                             ;-!!:IT

Continue

Manned aircraft platforms such as airplanes and helicopters often subject the occupants as well as persons and
property on the ground to higher levels of risk for accident or injury even while being operated pursuant to all of
the applicable federal aviation regulations.

         I In the matter ofDouglas Trudeau, Realtor, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481
         2 Relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 ofP.L.
         112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
         associated with the proposed UAS.

The Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 6 and 8 and DJI innovations Model SlOOO, S900, phantom 3 pro and
Hexacopter Align Model M690 UAS are both commercially produced and widely available aerial
videography and photography platforms utilizing advanced GPS enabled stability augmentation and control
systems including "failsafe" features allowing the operator to manually take control of the aircraft or initiate an
automated "return to home" feature in the event of adverse inflight events. The UAS also incorporates
automated "failsafe" features to initiate "return to home" or "auto-land" commands in the event ofloss of
control signal link or diminished battery output or capacity.

The manufacturer Quadrocopter, Aling and DJI innovations provides comprehensive operational and safety
manuals for both UAS and all flights will be conducted in accordance with the requirements and guidance
issued in these manuals.C & C, LLC states that§ 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
airworthiness certificate. C & C, LLC asserts that since there is currently no certificate applicable to his
operation, this regulation is inapplicable. C & C, LLC states that§ 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual
in the aircraft, however since there are no pilots or passengers on board his aircraft and given its size, this
regulation is inapplicable. C & C, LLC further indicates an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

Proposed Conditions and Limitations

C & C, LLC (also hereafter referred to as the operator) proposes the following Proposed Conditions and
Limitations in the form ofa proposed Grant ofExemption:

The following documents, including any updates or revision by the manufacturer, provided by the operator in its
petition are incorporated by reference, and are hereinafter referred to as operating documents:

      Manufacture         Models         Supporting Documents                                         Hyperlink
1. Quadrocopter      Cinestar 6
                     Cinestar 8     '.J User Manual                 http://www.quadrocopter.com/Support_ep_43-l.html
2. DJI innovations                       Safety Guidelines
                     Model SlOOO,   '.J  Battery Safety Guidelines  http://www.dji.com/support
3. Hexacopter Align  S900,
                     Phantom 3 pro       Pilot Training Guide       http://www.align.com.tw/multicopter-en/m6901/
                     ModelM690                                      http://www.align.com.tw/ManuaLib/Multi/Multicopter/RM69001XT.pd
                                    '.J User Manual
                                         Safety Guidelines                                                          f
                                    -v   Battery Safety Guidelines

                                    '.J Pilot Training Guide

                                    '.J User Manual

                                        Safety Guidelines
                                        Battery Safety Guidelines
                                        Pilot Training Guide

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be grounds for the
immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

                                                     PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                       Gurabo, PR 00778
                                STEALTt£ V'Rc:JNE

                                      !!fs~:n-

Continue:

1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in
the operating documents which are quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds:
Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 8 Unmanned Aircraft System (manufacturer published gross weight 2.74
pounds) ; and,

 Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
~ grant.

2) The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 43 knots. 3
3) The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground level (AGL), as
indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. Ail altitudes reported to ATC
must be in feet AGL.
4) The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot in Command (PIC) at all
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.
5) Ail operations commercial "aerial work" flight operations [as defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(I)
Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1
(e)(4)(vi) Power line or pipeline patrol] must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UAS must be operated
within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to
communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer
his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform
the functions prescribed in the operating documents.
6) Ail flight instruction operations must be conducted such that the flight instructor has immediate
access to the master ground control station (either through physical proximity or electronic access
through a slave ground controller) for the purpose of assuming positive control of the UAS in the
event of loss of control by a trainee or person acting under the provisions of a student pilot
certificate issued by the FAA.
7) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS operations
and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
documents, the conditions and limitations herein tal(e precedence and must be followed.
Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track
such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
operator must also present updated and revised documents if he petitions for extension or
amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision
would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must petition
for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

           PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
             Gurabo, PR 00778
                               STEALTtl DRONE

                                    ~~:IT

Continue

8) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the
inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from
Maximum published velocity Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 8 (29.16 knots), operating until the
necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations
must be properly documented in the aircraft records.
9) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g.
replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who
conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.
10) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all discrepancies, i.e.
inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.
11) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
12) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be noted
in the aircraft records, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the
signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.
13) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
14) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken
against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
15) UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot certificate and at least
a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of flight instruction or aerial work as defined by 14
CFR Section 119.1 (e)(1) Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey,
and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol, the PIC must have accumulated and logged,
in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may
satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted
under this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time. However, said training
operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency,
and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UAS with appropriate distances in
accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.
17) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of flight instruction or aerial work as defined by 14
CFR Section 119.1 (e)(l) Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey,
and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Power line or pipeline patrol, the PIC must have accumulated and logged,
in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating the make
and model of the UAS to be used in operations under the exemption; 5 hours make and model time
may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3
take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency,
experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of
exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency.

          PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
            Gurabo, PR 00778
                               STEALTtl V'RVNE

                                    :=zt~

Continue

However, said training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UAS with
appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.
18) The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of flight instruction or
aerial work as defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(1) Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii)
Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Power line or pipeline patrol, unless the
PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely
operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.
19) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All operations must
be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
20) The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a
current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless, prior to such operation, the PIC coordinates and
obtains authorization and airspace clearance from any National Airspace System (NAS) controlling
authority having jurisdiction over the affected airspace and establishes and maintains continuous
verbal communication or contact with said authority (ATC) through radio or telephonic methods for
the duration of flight.
21) The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
22) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-determined location
within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the operating documents.
23) The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance
with the operating documents.
24) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and
land the UAS with 30% battery power remaining.
25) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will
also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in
advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.
26) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.
27) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the
UAS must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate
government oversight agency requirements.
28) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents must be made available
to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
29) The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and
activities at all times
30) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
31) The UAS may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

          PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
            Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                       STEALrtl V'RVNE

                                                                           T!!!-s-

Continue.

32) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the
         UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating
         persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave
         such protection and are within 500 feet of the UAS, flight operations must cease immediately
         and/or;
         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of
         such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
         assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
         an undue hazard, and;
         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an
         undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

33) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from
the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or
authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.
34) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration
Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS operations
must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

Respectfully,

Kristian ortes
C&C,LLC
Owner/Operator

Attach: Supporting Manuals, Documents Hyperlinks

                                                  PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
                                                    Gurabo, PR 00778
                                                                               STEALTtl V'Rc:JNE

                                                                                 !!ftiET

Attachments:
         a. Quadrocopter, Model Cinestar 6 and 8

               · Video Tutorials
              · FAQ
               · Downloads & Resources
           http://www.quadrocopter.com/Support_ep_43- I.html

         b. DJI innovations Model SlOOO, S900, Phantom 3 pro

           http://www.dji.com/support

         c. Hexacopter Align Model M690

           http://www.align.com.tw/multi copter-en/m690II

           http://www.align.com.tw/ManuaLib/Multi/Multicopter/RM6900 1XT. pdf

Note: All attachments provided by hyperlink to insure document revision currency and compliance with
manufacture's copyright policy

PO Box 3040 Pmb 173
   Gurabo, PR 00778
