April 16, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11325
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0017

Ms. Karina D. Dodor Esq.
Attorney for Cambervision Inc.
35 Highland Circle
Needham, MA 02494

Dear Ms. Dodor:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 30, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Cambervision Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct community training workshops, research and development, and aerial inspections of
buildings and land within the United States.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2, version 2.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is not
necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cambervision Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                           3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cambervision Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    version 2, when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
    satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
    The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
    messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
    of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
    VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                                                                               6

       Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
       as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and,
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits closed-set motion picture and television filming and production,
the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                 Karina D. Dodor, Esq.
                                                                                     35 Highland Circle

                                                                                  Needham, MA 02494

US DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
1200 New Jersey Avenue
SE Room W-12-140
West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

December 30, 2014

Dear Administrator:
         Enclosed please find the petition from Cambervision Inc. to the Federal Aviation

Administration seeking an exemption from the requirements of Title 14 of the Code of
Federal Regulations concerning the operation of an Unmanned Aircraft System for,
commercial use and operation within the United States. The proposed exemption, if
granted, will permit Cambervision's commercial use of the Unmanned Aircraft System
("UAS") for the purpose of research and development and aerial inspections of buildings
and land within the United States.

                                                                                      Very Truly Yours,

                                                                                  Karina D. Dodor Esq.
                                                                      Attorney for Cambervision Inc.

                                                                                     35 Highland Circle
                                                                                  Needham, MA 02494

                                                                                    Tel: (617) 991-5677

                                                                                                           1
                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY FOR SEEKING EXEMPTION-------------------------------------------------- 3
COMPANY BACKGROUND------------------------------------------------------------------- 4
UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS---------------------------------- 4

         AIRCRAFT
         GROUND CONTROL STATION
BASIS FOR PETITION FOR EXEMPTION-------------------------------------------------- 6
         NAME AND ADDRESS OF CAMBERVISION, INC.
         SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH CAMBERVISION
         SEEKS EXEMPTIONS and THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CAMBERVISION,
         INC. SEEKS AND THE REASON CAMBERVISION, INC. SEEKS THE
         RELIEF
         REASONS IN THAT THE EXEMPTION IS IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST

         A SUMMARY TO BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTRAR
         ADDITONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
         TO SUPPORT THE REQUEST FOR AN EXEMPTION FOR
         CAMBERVISION, INC.
PRIVACY ISSUES DO NOT ARISE AT THE GRANT OF THE
EXEMPTION------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 19
CONCLUSION----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 19
GLOSSARY/ABBREVIATIONS------------------------------------------------------------- 20

                                                                                                           2
                         SUMMARY FOR SEEKING EXEMPTION
         CAMBERVISION, INC. ("Cambervision"), a Massachusetts Corporation, seeks
an exemption from the requirements of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations in
particular an exemption from the following sections:

Part 21

14 C.F.R. §45.23(b)

14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b)

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a)

14 C.F.R. §91.9(b) (2)

14 C.F.R. §91.103

14 C.F.R. §91.109(a)

14 C.F.R. §91.119(b)

14 C.F.R. §91.121

14 C.F.R. §91.151(a) (1)

14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b)

14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)

14 C.F.R. §91.407(a) (1)

14 C.F.R. §91.409(a) (2)

14 C.F.R. §91.417(a) and (b)

         Cambervision seeks commercially fly an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
within the United States. The propose UAS is a small quadrocopter no more than 20
pounds fully loaded with equipment to be flown at no more than 400 feet above ground
level ("AGL") and not within 5 miles of an airport. The exemption will have a positive
impact on the public interest by providing services that are not available to the general
public but are in high demand by both private and municipal parties. The exemption in
particular will allow Cambervision to offer a spectrum of services using the UAS
including community training workshops on the proper use and operation of UASs to

                                                                                                           3
ensure safe operation by hobbyists and commercial users as well as to provide innovative
and economically beneficial options of building/site inspections.

         The Petitioner is dedicated to following the conditions and limitations as imposed
by the FAA regarding the flight of the UAS and including but not limited to avoid and
yield right-of-way to all manned operations, file necessary notices and flight plans as well
as adhere to the city and state imposed regulations to ensure the utmost safety for the
general public and the operators.

                                       COMPANY BACKGROUND

         CAMBERVISION, INC. is a Massachusetts Corporation with a primary place of
Business in Needham, MA. Founded by two entrepreneurs with a background in aviation
and a strong interest and desire to bring innovative services to the public using an UAS
that are more practical, economical and useful than other avenues. One of the founders
has an extensive background with commercial and government aviation as well as a
Mechanic's certificate from the Federal Aviation Administration issued for Airframe and
Powerplant Mechanics.

         The company is interested in performing Research and Development for a unique
platform of services to be utilized commercially by a variety of professionals from
architects, builders, real estate companies and property managers to municipal service
departments and first responders.

         Cambervision is dedicated to offering innovative and customized services to
consumers using the UAS to better serve the community and the public interest by
providing a safer alternative to current practices of building inspection and other services
as well as by providing training workshops for UAS enthusiasts and commercial entities
to ensure safer operations of the UAS in the National Airspace System ("NAS").

                 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM SPECIFICATIONS

    I. AIRCRAFT: DJI

    Cambervision seeks an exemption to operate a DJI, Model Phantom 2, version 2
("DJI") for commercial use within the NAS.

                                                                                                           4
    The DJI is an X shaped quadrocopter equipped with an on-board flight computer with
constant communication with the ground station transmitting live data regarding speed,
compass direction of flight, and altitude levels amongst its in-flight data. The UAS
contains a Global Positioning System ("GPS") tracking device and an on-board camera
capable of capturing full color, high definition still photos and video. The UAS is also
equipped with four sets of LED `status-lights' which providing not only an enhanced
visual from the ground but assisting the Pilot in Command ("PIC") to confirm battery,
GPS and other functionalities of the UAS based on the color and status of the lights..

    a. Specifications

Figure 1: The DJI Phantom, Model 2, version 2.

II. GROUND CONTROL STATION

    The ground control ("GCS") station is the primary takeoff and landing point of the

UAS and includes a setup, consisting of people and equipment, to promote the outmost

safety for all persons involved in the operation including the operators, general public,

and any objects or persons that may come into contact with the zone of operation
("Zone"). Specifically the ground station includes:

a. Pilot in Command: A designated pilot with a private pilot's license, a current
    third-class medical certificate and a deep knowledge and thorough understanding
    of the UAS and its operation as well as numerous hours of experience in operating

General Description               A battery operated lightweight rotorcraft
                                  with additional onboard equipment and a
Weight (including battery)        separate ground station used for operation.
Flight path                       Approximately 2.2 lbs.
Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)  Vertical takeoff and landing
Max. Ascent/Max. Descent Speed    Vertical: 0.8m/ Horizontal: 2.5 m
Max. Flight Speed                 Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Number of copter blades           15m/s
Color                             Four
                                  White with red and green stripes

                                                                                           5
         the DJI. PIC will operate the UAS within visual line of sight (VLOS) at all times
         using human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses.
    b. Flight Coordinator/Visual Observer ("FC"): A second person, other than the
         PIC, with a visual of the UAS at all times and the ability and knowledgeable to
         assist the PIC as needed including verbal as well as physical command of the
         controls. The UAS will always be within the VLOS of the FC. The PIC and the
         FC will have the ability to communicate verbally at all times.
    c. Equipment:

             a. A 100mW, 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC.
             b. A portable receiver receiving transmitted live video and flight data from

                  the UAS onboard camera and computer. This data is projected onto the
                  controller used by the PIC to monitor during the flight.
    d. Zone: a designated area cordoned off by brightly colored cones to put the
         surrounding public on notice of the operation. One sandwich board with the name
         of the company, contact information, and description of the operation in order to
         alert the general public of the event taking place and allowing anyone interested
         to contact Cambervision with questions.
    e. Paperwork: The ground station will also include a designated area for the a copy
         of the pilot's license, Operator's Manual for the DJI ("Manual") as amended with
         conditions or limitations scripted by the FAA, copy of the granted exemption,
         pursuant to the grant of this exemption by the FAA, copy of the insurance
         certificate, business cards and any other relevant paper work for the specific
         event.
    f. Other: Anything else that is required in order to be in full compliance with the
         regulations of the City and State where the event is taking place.

                         BASIS FOR PETITION FOR EXEMPTION

         Pursuant to the authority granted to the FAA under Federal Aviation Regulations,
14 C.F.R. § 11.61(b) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333,
Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, Cambervision respectfully
requests to grant its petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Part 21;
14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R.
§91.103; 14 C.F.R. §91.109; 14 C.F.R. §91.119; 14 C.F.R. §91.121; 14 C.F.R.
§91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. §91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)(2); and 14 C.F.R. §91.417(a) and (b).

             A. Name and Address of Petitioner:

                  Cambervision, Inc.
                  35 Highland Circle
                  Needham, MA 02494

                                                                                                           6
             B. Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Cambervision Seeks
                  Exemptions and the Extent of Relief Cambervision Seeks; The Reason
                  Cambervision Seeks The Relief and Reasons why the Exemptions
                  Would not Affect Public Safety

    1. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14. C.F.R. Part 21

14 C.F.R. Part 21- Airworthiness Certificate

         14 C.F.R. Part 21 along with 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) (1) establishes the necessary
procedures in order to obtain an airworthiness certificate for a manned aircraft. The
general purpose of an airworthiness certificate for an aircraft is to ensure the aircraft's
safe functionality, good working order and to ensure the safety of those onboard as well
as anyone in proximity to the aircraft at any time. The Federal Aviation Act, 49 U.S.C.
§44701(f) and Section 333 of the Reform Act statutorily authorize the FAA to issue an
exemption from the airworthiness requirements upon consideration of the aircraft's size,
weight, speed and operational capability. Such considerations should be applied to
Petitioner's UAS in determining that Cambervision should be exempt from the
airworthiness requirement for its UAS.

         The UAS to be operated by Cambervision is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded
(inclusive of additional equipment such as GPS tracker, camera, etc.) and does not carry a
pilot or passengers. Furthermore, the UAS does not contain explosives, fuel or any other
flammable materials. The operation of the UAS will be strictly confined to a designated
area and under full control of the PIC and FC.

         Safety Standard: The UAS is equipped with several safety features, which will
further serve as a reason to exempt it from an airworthiness certificate. The UAS is
equipped with a "Fail-Safe Feature which allows it to self-correct a failure that is beyond
control of the PIC. Once a "Failure" is detected the UAS's automatic safety feature is
triggered which prompts it to return to its GPS point of origin of takeoff. This along with
the other safety features such as a proposed parachute (in early stages of development)
provide an enhanced safety feature to the operator and the general public compared to
manned aircraft that hold an airworthiness certificate and are used to perform the tasks
proposed to be performed by the UAS.

         Cambervision would like to refer to Exemptions No.11062 and11067 in which the
FAA previously determined that based on the [Petitioner's] UAS "limited size, weight,
operating conditions, design safety features and the imposed conditions and limitations
... the [Petitioner] has demonstrated that the operations would not adversely affect safety
compared to similar operations conducted with aircraft that have been issued an
airworthiness certificate under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H".

         In the alternative Petitioner respectfully requests that the Administrator finds that
the exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21 is not necessary because the regulation is not
applicable to the UAS to be used by the Petitioner.

                                                                                                           7
    2. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §45. 23(b)

14 C. F. R. §45.23(b) - Display of Marks; General
(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is

     displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
     provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
     each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
     nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
     "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         Provided that the exemption from Part 21 is granted and the UAS will not need an
airworthiness certificate, Petitioner seeks an exemption from the requirement that the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" be displayed on the DJI near each entrance to the cabin,
cockpit or pilot station. The DJI Phantom is a small UAS and subsequently does not have
a cabin, cockpit, pilot station or any other type of entrance. The size of the UAS does not
permit any markings to be above one inch (1") in height and be longer than eight inches
(8").

         Safety Standard: In order to achieve an equivalent level of safety and to most
closely comply with the FAA regulations, Cambervision proposes to display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" on top of the UAS with the dimensions of the signage being one
inch by eight inches (1"x8") in compliance with 14 F.C.R. §45.29 (f) (See Figure 2
below). This type of signage will allow the PIC, FC and others in close proximity to see
the designation of the UAS.

Figure 2: The DJI Phantom with the proposed wording on top.

         The FAA should grant Cambervision the exemption from the regulation regarding
the requirement for signage. As the FAA decided in Exemptions No. 11062 and 11067
that an exemption from such requirements is warranted given that the aircraft obtains an
N-number in accord with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, have identification (N-markings) in accord
with 14 C.F.R. 45, Subpart C. and the markings must be as large as practicable the FAA
Administrator should decide similarly in this instance. Cambervision will display

                                                                                                           8
markings as large as practicable on the top of the UAS in the interest of safety and
compliance. See also Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167, and 10167A.

    3. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)

14 C.F.R. §61.113- Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

    (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who
         holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is
         carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
         for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

    (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
         aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

    Cambervision seeks an exemption from the restriction outlined in parts (a) and (b) of
the regulation prohibiting a holder of a private pilot's certificate to act as a pilot for an
aircraft carrying property for compensation or hire. The UAS to be used by
Cambervision will be used for commercial operation for compensation or for hire,
however, will not be carrying any passengers or cargo allowing Cambervision to achieve
the same level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC to obtain a private
pilot's license instead of a commercial pilot license. Unlike an aircraft that carries cargo
or passengers, the UAS is remote controlled by an experienced PIC.

    Safety Standard: Pursuant to obtaining a grant of the exemption to operate the UAS
for compensation, Cambervision will ensure that the PIC holds a private pilot's license,
has a significant number of flying hours and follows the instructions as set forth in the
Manual for the UAS. Since there are no persons on board and the UAS will be operated
within the safety procedures outlined by the FAA regulations, the operation of the UAS
by remote control with a private pilot's license by the PIC will exceed the present level of
safety meant to be achieved by the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b).

    As the FAA Administrator previously outlined in Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11067
"[a]nother consideration supporting the certificate requirement is that pilots holding a
private pilot certificate are subject to security screening by the Department of Homeland
Security" and this type of screening should overrule "security concerns over the UAS
operations" that would be granted under this exemption. Additionally as the FAA
concluded in the analysis of the areas of knowledge specified in 14 C.F.R. part 61 for that
of a commercial pilot versus a private pilot, the results show that "the required areas of
knowledge for a commercial versus private pilot cover the same fundamental principles".
Granting Cambervision the exemption based on the safety outlines and requirements
outlined by the FAA and the experience and expertise of the PIC, would not adversely
affect the safety of the NAS.

         Cambervision would like to refer to Exemptions No.11062 and11067 in which the
FAA previously determined that a commercial pilot's license is not required to operate an
UAS.

                                                                                                           9
    4. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a)

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a)-Civil aircraft airworthiness

    (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         Cambervision requests an exemption from the regulation, pursuant to
Cambervision obtaining of an exemption to 14 C.F.R. Part 21, there will be no
airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS and consequently a standard for
airworthiness is not applicable.

         Safety Standard: Cambervision' s compliance with an established pre-flight
safety checklist, standard of operation as described in the Manual and outlined in the
maintenance requirements prior to each flight ensures that an equivalent level of safety
will be provided during all times of operation . The PIC will be in compliance with the
requirements of 14 C.F.R. §91.7(b) when determining whether the aircraft is in a
condition for safe flight.

         As the FAA determined in Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11067 that a requirement
of airworthiness does not need to be met if a certificate of airworthiness is not required,
the FAA should determine similarly in favor of Cambervision that if they are granted the
exemption from a certificate of airworthiness, the provision of 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a) and (b)
is not necessary.

    5. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.9(b)(2)

14 C.F.R. §91.9(b) (2) - Civil Aircraft Manual Requirements

No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--

    (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
    chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or
    Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
    combination thereof.

         Cambervision seeks an exemption from maintaining a flight manual aboard the
UAS.

         Safety Standard: Given the size and design of the UAS it is not possible to carry
the manual onboard during operation. To ensure full compliance with safety requirements
the manual will be available at the ground station and immediately accessible by the PIC
and FC at all times during operation.

    Petitioner would like to refer to Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A,
9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, 10700 and 11067 where the Administrator
issued a similar exemption as requested here. In the alternative, Petitioner requests that
the Administrator finds that the exemption is not necessary based on the FAA

                                                                                                         10
Memorandum subject "Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may
be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station" dated August 8, 2014.

    6. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.103

14 C.F.R. §91.103- Preflight Action

Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
available information concerning that flight. This information must include--

(a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and
forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be
completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised
by ATC;

(b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff
and landing distance information:

         (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance
data contained therein; and

         (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section,
other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance
under expected values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and
wind and temperature.

         Cambervision seeks an exemption from the Preflight Action requirements as
prescribed in 14 C.F.R. §91.103 which requires the PIC to take certain actions before
flights to ensure safety.

         Safety Standard: The PIC will be familiar with all of the manual requirements
and recommendations as well as perform a "Cross-Check Quadrant TM "a customized pre-
flight check list of actions to be performed prior to operation of the UAS. Combined, the
PIC will take actions such as inspection of the UAS, the weather elements, and physical
inspection of the area of operation and aircraft performance data prior to the initiation of
every single flight. The Operator's Manual and Operational limitations will be kept at the
ground station within reach of the PIC at all times. The information collected at the time
of the pre-flight check will be compiled into a report and kept in Petitioner's office for
record keeping. The pre-flight procedures will allow an equivalent if not higher level of
safety to be reached. The PIC will also take into account visibility and distance from
clouds as well as sun glare and the ability to see other traffic when conducting the pre-
flight inspections.

         In the alternative Petitioner requests the Administrator to find that the exemption
is not necessary, as the FAA administrator found in Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11067,
that with conditions and limitations the exemption is not necessary.

                                                                                                         11
    7. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.109(a)

14 C.F.R. §91.109(a) - Flight Instruction

    (a) no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being
         used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functional dual controls...

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the regulation because the UAS and other
remotely piloted aircraft, by design, do not have functional dual controls. Flight control
of the UAS is accomplished by the PIC's use of a control box which communicates with
the aircraft via radio signal communication.

         Safety Standard: Since the UAS is not carrying a pilot or passengers the
equivalent level of safety will be achieved with the remote control of the UAS and
without dual controls. The PIC is in full control of the UAS at all times. Because the
flight will be performed in a cordoned off area, any trouble that the UAS might
experience will be rectified in a safe manner by the PIC and the FC without any
interference or danger to the public.

         Petitioner would like to refer Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11067 where the
Administrator found that UAS may be operated without dual controls. See also 5778K
and 9862A.

         In the alternative the Petitioner would like to request the Administrator to
determine that the 14 C.F.R. §91.109(a) regulation is not applicable to Cambervision
since Cambervision does not plan to use the UAS in an environment where dual controls
are necessary such as instrument flight instruction and the PIC will be the only controller
in operation of the UAS at all times.

    8. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.119(b)

14 C.F.R. §91.119(b) - Minimum Safe Altitudes: General

Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
the following altitudes:

    (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
         over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
         obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

    Cambervision seeks an exemption from the requirement of a subsection (b) and relies
on subsection (d) for an exemption. Subsection (d) permits the operation of a helicopter
at less than the prescribed minimums, given that the operator is in compliance with any
route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

         Cambervision requests an exemption to operate the UAS at 400 feet AGL. Except
for the limited conditions stated in the Manual the UAS will not operate above 400 feet
AGL. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved provided the size, weight and
speed of the UAS.

                                                                                                         12
         Safety Standard: Cambervision's operation will provide at least an equivalent
level of safety if not higher at 400 feet AGL to those in relation to the minimum safe
altitudes as outlined in regulation 91.119. Most civil airplanes operate at 500 feet AGL
or above therefore the operation of the UAS by petitioner will not be in direct
interference with manned aircraft in the NAS. 1 The operation of the UAS will be in a
cordoned off area with security perimeters set up by the PIC. All property owners and
abutters who may be affected will receive advanced notice of the operation and the
propose flight operations as set forth in Section K of the Manual. The PIC will be in the
ground control station equipped with the set up as described in detail above in the
"Unmanned Aircraft Specifications". Cambervision will ensure a "safe zone" around the
area of PIC operation as large as is allowable in an urban setting. At all times anyone
interested in the operation criteria of the UAS can contact Petitioner to obtain the
necessary information.

         Cambervision plans to design and equip a parachute landing system for the UAS
in order to ensure a high level of safety for those involved and around the operational
area. The UAS is equipped with an automatic system that detects "trouble" such as low
battery or connection loss and automatically triggers the UAS to land safely back at its
point of lift off based on the GPS coordinates of the take off.

         Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than
the UAS proposed to be used by Cambervision and lack of flammable fuel and a pilot or
passengers on board any risk associated with these operations is far less as compared
manned aircraft operated in accord with the minimum altitude requirements as outline in
the regulation.

    9. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.121

14 C.F.R. §91.121- Altimeter Settings

(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
...

         Cambervision requests an exemption from the Altimeter Settings requirement
because the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but is instead equipped with a
GPS altitude reading device.

         Safety Standard: With an exemption from the regulation, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and pre-flight check lists
and by confirming the altitude of the launch site as shown on the GPS altitude indicator
before flight. To ensure that the exemption from the regulation does not adversely affect
safety the petitioner proposes to operate the UAS at or below 400 feet AGL, provide
altitude information to the PIC via a digitally encoded telemetric data feed, which
downlinks from the ground-base on-screen display. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude

1 Dershowitz, Adam Dr. , PhD., P.E. , CFEI, "UAS Safety Analysis Exponent Project",
December 2014, page 4.

                                                                                                         13
initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy buy the UAS PIC and the
altitude information will be generated by equipment installed onboard the aircraft, as
specified using GPS triangulation.

         Petitioner would like to refer to Exemption Nos. 11062 and 11067 where the
Administrator found that UAS is permitted to be operated with a digitally encoded
telemetric data feed instead of an onboard barometric altimeter. See also Exemption Nos.
5778K and 9862A.

    10. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.151(a)(1)

14 C.F.R. §91.151 (a) -Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

(a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

         Cambervision seeks an exemption from the fuel requirement regulation because
the Battery Life of the UAS, as outlined in the Operating Manual, is 25 minutes when
flown without additional equipment and 15 minutes fully loaded with a camera and GPS
tracking unit. The UAS battery life does not fit within the requirement of (a) (1) and
Cambervision is not planning on flying the UAS in the nighttime,

         Safety Standard: Cambervision proposes to limit the flight to 10 minutes total
time after takeoff. Petitioner believes that an equivalent level of safety will be achieved
by limiting flights to 10 minutes or 25% of battery power, which ever happens first which
is well within the limits of the Manual. This proposed restriction will allow an adequate
amount of time for the UAS to return to its intended landing zone during the operation.

         As the FAA granted relief for manned aircraft to operate at less than the
minimums prescribed in 14 C.F.R. §91.151(a)(1) the FAA should grant a similar
exemption to Petitioner in that the UAS can operate 10 minute flights or within 25% of
battery life reserve. See similar rulings in Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, 10650, 11062 and
11067. See also similar UAS-specific relief granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and
10673 for daytime, Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions.

    11. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b)

14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b)-Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required

(a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness
         certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a
         copy of the applicable operations specifications issued under §21.197(c) of this
         chapter, appropriate sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and
         135 of this chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications issued
         under §21.197(c), or an authorization under §91.611) must have on it the

                                                                                                         14
         registration number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter.
         However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special
         identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the
         aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special
         identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained
         upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.

         (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation
         within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application
         as provided for in §47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws
         of a foreign country.

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         Cambervision requests an exemption from sections (a) and (b) of the regulation
because the Administrator grants the earlier requested exemption from Chapter 14 Part 21
the UAS will not be required to obtain an airworthiness certificate. Additionally the UAS
is less than 55 lbs. when fully loaded and does not contain an onboard pilot therefore
there is no ability or place to carry the certification and registration documents as
prescribed.

         Safety Standard: Cambervision proposes to achieve the equivalent level of safety
that is premised by the regulation by keeping the necessary and required documents at the
ground control station within immediate reach by the PIC at all times and will be made
available to the Administrator and law enforcement immediately upon request.

         For similar exemptions to this regulation granted by the FAA see Exemption Nos.
9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, 10700, 11062 and 11067. In the
alternative, Petitioner requests that the Administrator finds that the exemption is not
necessary based on the FAA Memorandum subject "Interpretation regarding whether
certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station" dated
August 8, 2014.

    12. Cambervision seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
         91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) and (b)

14 C.F.R. §91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (2) and 91.417(a) and (b) - Maintenance
Exceptions

         Cambervision seeks an exemption from the above outlined regulations governing
the maintenance requirements, because these section along with Part 43 apply only to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which if the petition is granted by the
Administrator, will not apply to the Petitioner

         Safety Standard: With the grant of the exemption, an equivalent or higher level of
safety will be achieved during the operation of the UAS. The Petitioner will inspect the
UAS regularly and address all mechanical issues immediately. The PIC will ensure that

                                                                                                         15
the UAS is in proper working order prior to every flight, perform required maintenance
and keep a record log of any maintenance issues and their respective resolutions. In the
instance that the UAS is dormant for a prolonged period of time, the operator will inspect
the UAS bi-weekly to ensure its working order. All maintenance and inspections will be
performed in accordance with the Operator's Manual and flights will not be conducted
until the Cross-Check Quadron TM is performed prior to each flight.

                  C. Reasons Why the Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Public
                      Safety And How the Exemption Would Provide a Level of Safety
                      at least Equal to The Existing Rule

         Taking into consideration the safety standards outlined above granting
Cambervision an exemption to permit commercial operation of the UAS will not
adversely affect public safety and would provide a level of safety at least equal to the
existing rule and in several cases provide a higher level of safety. The UAS is a battery
operated unmanned aircraft with no flammable fuel, pilot or passengers on board and
operated by an operator with at least a private pilot's license. The UAS will in several
instances replace a manned aircraft hired to perform the same task or serve as an
alternative to using persons climbing to high elevations and eliminating the risk of
incident of injury or fall.

         The UAS will be operated by an experienced PIC who will be in full control of
the UAS at all times with a FC who will provide another visual and keep the UAS in a
VLOS at all times. . PIC will have access to all necessary up to date equipment,
machinery and mechanicals necessary for the proper and airworthy operation of the UAS.
Furthermore, Cambervision will carry liability insurance for the operation of the UAS in
excess of $1,000,000 and provide the insurance certificates upon request. Cambervision
proposes to operate the UAS with the utmost diligence, care and responsibility as
outlined in the exemptions, regulations and additional restrictions and guidelines as
proposed by the FAA.

         With following the safety provisions as outlined in the Manual and being in strict
compliance with FAA regulations, restrictions and conditions the operation of the UAS
will not adversely affect public safety and the exemption will provide a level of safety at
a level greater than the existing rule by providing alternative ways to inspect areas of
high elevation instead of using physical man power to do so, thus preventing injuries and
other hazards.

                  D. The Exemption is in the Public Interest

         Granting Cambervision's request for a petition for the exemption from the
regulations outlined above will further the public interest by allowing Cambervision to
provide commercial services and thus expanding the stream of commerce. Providing such
services the public holds many benefits because these options are much more economical
and safer than current available options, create safe and useful options for first responders
to use in emergency situations and allows Cambervision to conduct research and
development for other uses of the UAS with future hopes of providing a positive

                                                                                                         16
economic impact on the community as a whole while not implicating privacy and
ensuring all equivalent safety levels and standards.

         Cambervision proposes to use the UAS system to perform citywide, implemented
by the City of Boston, mandatory building inspections providing a more economical and
safe alternative than the current inspection method in place. These inspections are
applicable to low and high rise buildings as well as all appurtenant building parts.
Currently the inspections are performed by a visual evaluation through a telescope on the
ground or a physical escalation of the building itself. Cambervision will provide a service
to inspect the buildings using the UAS operated by a licensed PIC adhering to all
applicable FAA regulations as outlined by the Administrator as well as the
recommendations set forth in the Manual. Use of the UAS will ensure a higher level of
safety for the public and provide more accurate reporting including areas of the building
such as overhangs and awnings which are not easily accessible.

         This exemption will also further the public interest by providing the option of
having access to aerial photography and videography. The use of the UAS will provide
government and private reporting agencies, real estate and development firms as well as
architects the option to use a UAS to obtain aerial views, replacing the use of a manned
aircraft. Use of the UAS is both more economical and safer and decreases congestion of
the NAS. The use of the UAS versus a manned aircraft will also create a reduction in
noise and air pollution, an increase in safety and a better economic alternative for the
public.

         Finally, the public will benefit from the use of the UAS by Cambervision because
Cambervision proposes to perform research and development for other uses of the UAS
which although not yet fully developed are proposed to benefit the first responders by
using the UAS to investigate areas of high activity and danger zones creating a safer
alternative than utilizing a person to perform the same investigation. The possibility of
UAS utilization creates a safer, economical and indispensable alternative to current
options.

         The enhanced safety achieved by using a UAS with a licensed PIC and the added
safety gear to be used strictly in compliance with the uses outlined above while carrying
no passengers or crew is in the public interest to replace the use of a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions , carrying crew and flammable fuel. This use provides an
alternative use with more accuracy and a higher level of safety

                  E. A Summary to be Published in the Federal Registrar

         Applicant, Cambervision Inc., seeks an exemption from the following regulations
Part 21; 14 C.F.R. §45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a); 14
C.F.R. §91.9(b)(2);14 C.F.R. §91.103; 14 C.F.R. §91.109(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.119(b);14
C.F.R. §91.121; 14 C.F.R. §91.151(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R.
§91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R. §91.417(a) and
(b), as established by the FAA, in order to commercially operate an unmanned aerial
system weighing less than 20 lbs. and operating at a maximum altitude of 400 feet AGL
for aerial imagery and research and development for other commercial uses including but
not limited to building inspections.

                                                                                                         17
         The grant of the exemption allowing for commercial operation will maintain an
equivalent if not higher level of safety than the one proposed by the FAA regulations,
benefit the public interest and create a positive impact on the stream of commerce.
Currently, the only way to obtain aerial imagery is to employ a manned aircraft system
which often weights more than 4,000lbs, carries a pilot and flammable fuel and requires a
designed large area landing pad or airport in order to get into the air. The other option to
obtain aerial imagery is to physically scale a building in order to achieve a higher altitude
for the imagery needed. The UAS, which is powered by battery and remote operated from
a ground control station, provides a much safer and easier alternative eliminating
eliminate most of the risk associated with accidents of a manned aircraft or injuries and
accidents of climbing heights.

         The operation of the UAS conducted with strict accord of the FAA regulations
and within the conditions outlined above will provide an equivalent if not higher level of
safety supporting the grant of the exemption request by Cambervision, including the
exemption from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations.

                  F. Additional Information, Views or Arguments Available
                      to Support the Request For an Exemption For CAMBERVISION,
                      INC.

         A recent "UAS Safety Analysis Exponent Project" conducted by Dr. Adam
Dershowitz , PhD., P.E. , CFEI, a managing Engineer in Exponent's Thermal Science
practice, at the request of UAS America Fund , LLC and Kramer Levin Naftalis and
Frankel, LLP concludes "that there is no significant added risk to other airspace users
posed by this type of commercial drone operation" that is proposed to be used by
Cambervision.

         The study is based on an analysis of 25 years of safety data involving small and
medium sized birds, representing a simulated drone flight, and the rate of collisions with
manned aircrafts. The study further concludes that using the proposed regulations of a
maximum altitude of 400 feet AGL and a radius of 5 miles from airports there is no
indication of imposed significant risk in allowing the operation of small UAS at or below
400 feet AGL and at least 5 miles or further from airports.

         Cambervision further requests that the FAA recommend special condition,
limitations and guidelines for the operation of the DJI, which contain safety standards
that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to the level
established by Chapter 14 and the applicable subsections.

      NO PRIVACY ISSUES ARISE AT THE GRANT OF THE EXEMPTION

         If Cambervision is granted an exemption there are no privacy issues with regard
 to the operation of the UAS. Any privacy concerns, which might arise, can be alleviated
 by providing advanced notice to the possible affected persons.

         The UAS will be operated at the request of a client. At the inception of the
agreement Cambervision will provide the client a Notice at least a few days in advance

                                                                                                         18
outlining the operation which the client will need to distribute to foreseeable person that
might be affected. This advanced notice will permit the client to field any concerns that
might arise ahead of time and if necessary allow possible affected persons to vacate the
area for the time of the flight operation.

         This type of action is no different than if a building inspection is done manually
by an "inspector" positioning themselves on the fire escape with the same access to the
window of a person's apartment.

         Once the UAS is ready for takeoff, the ground station will be clearly marked with
orange cones and a good sized sign noting the exact procedure in place and creating a
chance for people to avoid the area if they do not wish to be caught on the film. This type
of procedure can be equated with a movie production in a public area where people are
notified in the same manner in order to have the option to avoid the area altogether.

         When the UAS is rising up into its flight the main focus of the camera is the
building itself, if there are faces of persons who did not provide consent to be filmed
which are caught in the frame, following proper protocol Cambervision will use
specifically designated software to blur out the faces before turning the finished product
over to the client whether it is an architect who will further use the video to generate an
analysis report or submit it over to their respective client.

                                            CONCLUSION
         For the reasons outlined above and with authority granted to the FAA by 14
C.F.R. §11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
Cambervision requests and Exemption to commercially operate the UAS, DJI Phantom,
without an airworthiness certificate for experimental uses. The grant of this exemption
will advance the public interest, provide an economic benefit to the public and allow
Cambervision to develop new and innovative uses for UASs in a safe and compliant
manner.

                                                                                                         19
                                GLOSSARY /ABBREVIATIONS
UAS- Unmanned Aerial System
PIC- Pilot in Command
FC-Flight Coordinator
VC-Visual Controller
GPS- Global Positioning System
VLOS- Visual Line of Sight

                                                                                                         20
