June 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11776
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0928

Mr. Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
Counsel for Cardno Limited
The Aviation Law Firm
1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
Suite 300
Annapolis, MD 21401

Dear Mr. Winton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cardno Limited (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial acquisitions and
research.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Altavian Nova R8400.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cardno Limited is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cardno Limited is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Altavian Nova
    R8400 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                              DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _______________

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                          CARDNO LIMITED

   FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

 SECTIONS 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
      91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
                                         OPERATION OF THE
              ALTAVIAN NOVA R8400 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                                 PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                             Submitted on April 03, 2015

                                                             GREGORY S. WINTON, ESQ.
                                                             THE AVIATION LAW FIRM
                                                             1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                             Suite 300
                                                             Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                             Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                             Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                             Attorney for Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER.........................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR THE PETITION..............................................................................................5

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PETITIONER........................................................8
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH THE PETITIONER
    SEEKS EXEMPTION ...................................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF THE PETITIONER SEEKS AND THE REASON THE
    PETITIONER SEEKS THE RELIEF ..........................................................................12
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE PETITIONER'S REQUEST WOULD BE
    IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .....................................................................................16
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................20
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........41
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT THE PETITIONER'S REQUEST.......................................................41
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................42

                                                          2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI          Above Ground Level
ATC          Area of Interest
ATO          Air Traffic Control
AV           Air Traffic Organization
C.F.R.       Aerial Vehicle
COA          Code of Federal Regulation
FAA          Certificate of Authorization
FAR          Federal Aviation Administration
GCS          Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL          Ground Control Station
NAS          Loss of Link
NOTAM        National Airspace System
PIC          Notice to Airmen
Section 333  Pilot In Command
SOP          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UA           Standard Operating Procedures
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft System
VLOS         Visual Flight Rules
VMC          Visual Line of Sight
VO           Visual Meteorological Conditions
             Visual Observer

                                            3
                                                   SUMMARY
         Cardno Limited seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit Cardno Limited to
operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions and research within the National Airspace System (NAS).

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Cardno Limited is a professional infrastructure and environmental services company,
with expertise in the development and improvement of physical and social infrastructure for
communities around the world. Cardno Limited has been in business since 1945 and provides
services to plan, design, manage and deliver sustainable physical, social and economic
infrastructure for local and international communities. With over 8,200 employees conducting
projects in more than 100 countries across the world, Cardno Limited is a global provider of
services including: structural engineering and building services; planning, environmental, design
and construction services for residential, commercial and industrial development; assessment,
management and protection of coastal and ocean environments; strategic environmental
management; extensive expertise in the energy and natural resources sector; assessment,
planning, construction design and management of transport infrastructure projects; expertise in
water-related engineering, scientific and management issues; and supporting defense-related
projects to clients in both the private and public sector.
         As set forth in this Petition, Cardno Limited seeks to commercially operate its Altavian
Nova R8400 UAS within the NAS for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research.

                                                          4
                                               BACKGROUND
                        Unmanned Aircraft System: Altavian Nova R8400 UAS
         Cardno Limited seeks an exemption to operate the Altavian Nova R8400 UAS for
compensation or hire within the National Airspace System ("NAS"). The Nova R8400 UAS is
comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a
transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The Nova R8400 UA has a maximum gross
weight of approximately 21.4 pounds, while having a diameter of 48 inches, rotorspan of 64
inches, and maximum speed of 16 mph. The Nova R8400 UA is equipped with eight propellers,
each being driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.
         The Nova R8400 UA will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration
of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

                                        Figure 1. The Nova 8400 UA
                                           BASIS FOR PETITION

                                                          5
         Petitioner, Cardno Limited (hereinafter "the Petitioner"), by and through undersigned
counsel, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain
Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the Nova R8400 UAS
within the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, the operation of the Nova R8400 UAS meets the conditions
of Section 333 and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.

         Therefore, the Petitioner requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance
that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         The Petitioner submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of
safety will be ensured. The Petitioner will use its technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
the Petitioner will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Nova R8400 UAS.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a), entitled Private pilot privileges
and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in
Command (PIC) holding a pilot certificate and an airman medical certificate or equivalent, and
who has completed the Nova R8400 UAS training and currency requirements, to conduct the

                                                          6
proposed UAS operations. The Petitioner submits that the conditions and limitations set forth
herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as well as the safety of persons or property on the
ground.

         The Petitioner seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the Nova R8400 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, the Petitioner submits that it will ensure that the Nova
R8400 UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in
compliance with the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual, the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual, and the Nova R8400 UAS Maintenance Manual, and that the UA is in
condition for safe flight.

         The Petitioner seeks relief from Section 91.119(c), entitled Minimum safe altitudes: (c)
Over other than congested areas, because the Nova R8400 will be flown at an altitude at or
under 400 feet AGL and to the extent that the Nova R8400 may be operated closer than 500 feet
from persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures under certain conditions.

         The Petitioner also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, because the altitude reporting equipment of the Nova R8400 UAS is set to a
pressure level of zero feet above ground level (AGL), rather than local barometric pressure or
field altitude, before each flight. The altitude information of the Nova R8400 UA is provided to
the PIC via a barometric pressure sensor, Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment, and a
radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path. A level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will be ensured as
the altitude of the Nova R8400 UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet AGL, and

                                                          7
the Petitioner will operate the Nova R8400 UA within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet

AGL.

         The Petitioner also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1),

Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. The Petitioner submits that safety will not be

affected by terminating flights of the battery powered Nova R8400 UA after 20 minutes of

continuous operation, with 5 minutes remaining battery power (i.e., 20 percent).

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, the Petitioner provides the following information

in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                  Cardno Limited
                  5415 SW Westgate Drive
                  Suite 100
                  Portland, Oregon 97221

         The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

                  Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                  The Aviation Law Firm
                  1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway, Suite 300
                  Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                  Tel: (301) 294-8550 | Fax: (866) 568-9886
                  Email: Greg@aviationlawexperts.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which The Petitioner Seeks Exemption.

         1. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  61.113(a) And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) prescribes the following, in part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
         hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

                                                          8
         2. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.119(c).

         Section 91.119(c), entitled Minimum safe altitudes: (c) Over other than congested areas,

states the following, in part:

         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
         the following altitudes:

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

         4. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in relevant

part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                           within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                           this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                           available station; or

                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                           the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                           departure;

         5. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1).

                                                          9
         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)(1),

states the following:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes[.]

         6. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
                  91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         7. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7
                  of this chapter[.]

         8. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
                  approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                                                         10
                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
                  with part 21 of this chapter.

         9. The Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                  records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
                  inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
                  engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                           the work performed; and

                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                           aircraft for return to service.

                  (2) Records containing the following information:

                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                           and each rotor.

                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                           propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                           are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                           the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                           aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                           safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                           safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive

                                                         11
                           involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                           required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                           major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                           propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
                  the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
                  performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                  transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
                  this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                  approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
         The Relief.

         1. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Section 61.113(a).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in

command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a pilot certificate and an

airman medical certificate or equivalent, and who has completed the Nova R8400 UAS training

and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation.

         This relief is requested since the limitation set forth in Section 61.113(a) states that no

person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is

carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation

or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         As set forth more fully below, The Petitioner submits that an equivalent level of safety

will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Nova R8400 unless that PIC

                                                         12
has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to
safely operate the Nova R8400 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as
set forth herein, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, the Petitioner submits that the additional airmanship experience of a
commercially certified pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for the
Petitioner's specific proposed operations.

         2. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow The Petitioner to determine that the Nova R8400 UAS is in an airworthy
condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the Nova R8400
UAS Operator Manual, the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, and the Nova R8400
UAS Maintenance Manual, and that the UA is in condition for safe flight. Copies of the
manuals, which contain proprietary information, are attached hereto as Exhibits A, B, and C,
respectively, and are to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b) .

         The Petitioner seeks the requested relief because the Nova R8400 UAS does not require
an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, the
Petitioner will ensure that the Nova R8400 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon its
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions
and limitations below.

         3. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.119(c).

                                                         13
         Relief from Section 91.119(c), entitled Minimum safe altitudes: (c) Over other than
congested areas, is required because all proposed operations of the Nova R8400 UAS will take
place at an altitude at or below 400 feet AGL. The relief is requested since the limitations set
forth in Section 91.119(c) state that no person may operate an aircraft below 500 feet above the
surface. As set forth more fully below, the Petitioner submits that a level of safety equivalent to
Section 91.119(c) will be maintained because operations will be conducted in areas with
controlled access and the Petitioner will operate the Nova R8400 under the safety provisions
contained within this petition and the Nova R8400 operating documents.

         Additionally, relief from Section 91.119(c) is requested to the extent necessary to allow
operations to be conducted closer than 500 feet to persons, vessels, vehicles, or structures. This
relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 91.119(c) prohibit operating an
aircraft closer than 500 feet to a person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. As set forth more fully
below, the Petitioner submits an equivalent level of safety will be maintained because operations
closer than 500 feet to a person, vessel, vehicle, or structure will first require that the operator
receive permission from any nonparticipating persons or the person who owns/controls the
property. In addition, barriers or structures will be in place to sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from debris in the event of an accident and all nonparticipating persons
will be required to remain under such protections for the duration of the operation.

         4. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the Nova R8400 UAS, because the Nova R8400 UA's altitude reporting equipment
may be set on the ground to a pressure level of zero feet AGL, rather than local barometric
pressure or field altitude, before each flight. The Nova R8400 UAS utilizes a barometric

                                                         14
pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink
altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS).

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations
stated below. As more fully set forth herein, a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will
be ensured as the altitude of the Nova R8400 UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in
feet above ground level (AGL), and the Petitioner will operate the Nova R8400 UA within visual
line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL.

         5. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Relief from Section 91.151(a)(1) is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the
battery powered Nova R8400 UA during daylight hours in visual flight rules (VFR) conditions to
continue for a total duration of 20 minutes, with 5 minutes of battery power remaining. The
Petitioner seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(a)(1),
the flight time duration of the battery powered Nova R8400 UA will be reduced to the point that
it would eliminate the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research operations that the
Petitioner proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Nova R8400 UAS, the
Nova R8400 UAS operating documents, and the Petitioner's proposed operating limitations,
ensure that the Petitioner will safely operate the battery powered Nova R8400 UA during
daylight hours in VFR conditions for a total duration of 20 minutes, with 5 minutes of battery
power remaining (i.e., 20 percent remaining).

         6. Extent Of Relief The Petitioner Seeks And The Reason The Petitioner Seeks
                  Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
                  91.417(a) & (b).

                                                         15
         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, The Petitioner requests relief from these
Sections because the Nova R8400 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set
forth more fully below, the Nova R8400 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 for operation
without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, the Petitioner will use technicians to perform
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the
methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual.
Furthermore, the Petitioner will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Nova
R8400 UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting The Petitioner's Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing the Petitioner to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS,
commercially, in support of government entities, mining and natural resources, industrial and
commercial entities, the petroleum industry, and the country's infrastructure. Additionally, use
of the Nova R8400 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide
significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of the proposed operation of the Nova
R8400 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.
         1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research

                  Performed.
         The Petitioner submits this Petition to commercially operate the Nova R8400 UAS and
perform aerial acquisition and research within the NAS, in support of government entities,
mining and natural resources, industrial and commercial entities, the petroleum industry, and the
country's infrastructure. The Nova R8400 UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical

                                                         16
aerial acquisition and research operations to further each of these fields, all of which are critical
to the well-being of the general public.

         The specific operations that the Petitioner will perform with the Nova R8400 UAS
demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries
and the public. In operations involving infrastructure, the aerial acquisition performed by the
Nova R8400 UAS will be used to preview possible sites for construction projects and provide
precise topographic information about selected sites. In mining, natural resources, and the
petroleum industry, the Nova R8400 UAS will be used to aid in facility inspections, surveying
and planning new worksites, volumetric analysis, and performing right of way analysis. The
Nova R8400 UAS will also further environmental management by aiding in identifying,
developing, and transporting scarce water resources.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The Nova R8400 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the
amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use
of a Nova R8400 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise
and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The Nova
R8400 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations.

                                                         17
           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Nova R8400
                    UAS.

           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Nova R8400 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated
during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the
Nova R8400 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious
alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are
typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of
leaded aviation fuel. The Nova R8400 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as its battery powered electric motors are barely
audible during the take-off phase, and cannot be heard when operating more than 100 feet above
ground level.

           By using the Nova R8400 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life
and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of aircrew members located onboard the aircraft, the Nova R8400 UA (weighing
approximately 21.4 pounds at its maximum gross weight, with a diameter of 48 inches and a
rotorspan of 64 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage
to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically
conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of
approximately 40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

           4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Nova R8400 UAS
                    Will Benefit The Economy.

                                                           18
         In addition to being safe and efficient, the Nova R8400 UAS is also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the
Nova R8400 UAS will allow companies, like the Petitioner, to remain competitive and
contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and
the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded fuels, U.S.
owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to remain
competitive. Operating the battery powered Nova R8400 UAS is one such technology that not
only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides
such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the Nova R8400 UAS, companies such as the Petitioner can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial
performance of companies in the U.S., through commercial use of the Nova R8400 UAS,
provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal
tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain
competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Like the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, the proposed operation of the Nova R8400 UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.
Specifically, the Nova R8400 UAS will be operated in accordance with operating limitations set
forth herein and the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements
of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Most significantly, the Nova R8400 UAS will not be operated closer

                                                         19
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly involved in the

operation unless certain conditions are met.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which The Petitioner Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The Nova R8400 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The FAA
                  Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the

unmanned aircraft and its operation, the Petitioner's operation of the Nova R8400 UAS meets

the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in

accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and

sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS

or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333

states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and
                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                  the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,

                                                         20
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.
         In seeking this exemption, the Petitioner submits that the Nova R8400 UAS can operate
safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of
the Nova R8400 UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating
limitations.

                  a. The Specifications Of The Nova R8400 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
                           Characteristics.

         The Nova R8400 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The Nova R8400 UAS.

Unmanned Aircraft  The Nova R8400 is an Unmanned Aircraft System that is comprised
       System      of vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) unmanned aircraft and a
                   transportable ground control station.

Unmanned Aircraft  Diameter: 48 inches
    Dimensions     Rotorspan: 64 inches

      Engine       Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)  (8) Altavian Inc. P/N : 30305 (Electric)
                   FAA Engine Type Cert: None
                   Propulsive Unit Type: 25V, 22 Amp Hour capacity, Lithium ion
                   battery powered, direct drive electric motor

                   Motor, Electric Sub-Assembly:
                   Manufacturer: T-Motor
                   Model: MN4014
                   1.6 HP Peak Power Direct Drive
                   5.2 oz. Wt.

                   Motor, Controller Sub-Assembly:
                   Manufacturer: RCTimer

                                          21
                     Model: NFS 45A
                     Type: Speed Controller
                     55 Amps Maximum
                     1.4 oz. Wt.

                     Motor, Battery:
                     Manufacturer: MaxAmps, Inc.
                     Type: 2(two) x Lithium Ion
                     11 Amp hour each
                     22.2V (nominal)

Fuel Not Applicable.
                              NOTE: The Nova R8400 UAS is powered by two Lithium
                              Polymer rechargeable batteries, Altavian P/N 30142.

Engine (Propulsive Unit)  Maximum Power Output: 1.6 HP
           Limits         Maximum RPM: 8,316 RPM
                          Maximum Motor Temperature: 170 °F (77 °C)

                                NOTE: The motor temperature is not displayed to the operator.
                          Maximum motor, controller sub-assembly
                          temperature: 194 °F (90 °C)

                          Power On (Engine and Rotor Tach, neither visible to operator)
                          Maximum 8316 RPM
                          Minimum 3742 RPM

 Propeller and            (4) Altavian Inc. P/N 30490
Propeller Limits          FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                          Propeller Type: 2-blade, plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

                          Propeller Sub-Assembly:
                          Manufacturer: APC Propeller
                          Model: CAM 16x5.5MPR
                          Diameter (Nominal): 16 in.

                          (4) Altavian Inc. P/N 30488
                          FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                          Propeller Type: 2-blade, plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

                          Propeller Sub-Assembly:
                          Manufacturer: APC Propeller
                          Model: CAM 16x5.5MR
                          Diameter (Nominal): 16 in.

                                                 22
Battery Command & 2 (two) Nova Air Vehicle Batteries P/N 30142 power the motors,

Control            and battery command and control.

Airspeed Limits    Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 14.5 knots (7.5 m/s)

Empty Weight C.G.  -1 to 1 inches of datum
        Range

Datum              Centroid of Vehicle.

Maximum Weights    Ramp 21.4 lbs.
                   Takeoff 21.4 lbs.
                   Landing 21.4 lbs

Empty Weight       12.8 lbs.

                           NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and
                           payload modules.

Frequencies        902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                   2.4 GHz (ISM Band)

                           NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize the above
                           frequencies; uplink and downlink are on the 900Mhz band. If
                           video is utilized, uplink, downlink, and video are all on
                           2.4 Ghz.

Computer Software Avionics embedded processor, P/N 30306

Minimum Crew       (1) The Nova R8400 UAS can be operated by a single operator.

Number of Seats    (0) Not Applicable.

                                      23
Fuel Capacity      Not Applicable.

Oil Capacity       Not Applicable.

Max. Operating Altitude 1,200 ft. AGL

Rotor Blade and Control Fixed Rotor Control. Vehicle control is achieved through varying

Movements          thrust of each motor individually.

Nominal Endurance  25 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)
                   12 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)

Ambient Outside Air Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
Temperature (OAT) Minimum OAT At Altitude: -20 °F (-29 °C)

Wind Limitation    9.7 knots

Maintenance        This Nova R8400 UAS must be maintained in accordance with the
                   manufacturer's maintenance manual, or later FAA accepted revision.

                           ii. The Nova R8400 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation
                                   Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined
                                   Operational Area.

         A complete description of the autonomous modes and methods of navigation for the

Nova R8400 UAS is provided in the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual at pages 7-1 through 7-

3. A copy of the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is

                                       24
attached hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b)1.

                           iii. The Nova R8400 UAS Is Designed For Complete Autonomy
                                   From Launch To Landing Even In The Unlikely Event Of Loss
                                   Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

         Although a degradation or loss of the control link, and/or degradation or loss of the
source of navigation, is unlikely, it is a situation that is well planned for and therefore, is a
benign event. The Nova R8400 UA is designed for complete autonomy from launch to landing
with a line of sight operator in the loop monitoring the airframe.

         The Nova R8400 unmanned aircraft (UA) uses a two-stage failsafe approach for all
avionics failure conditions, including the event of a loss of communications ("Lost Link"). Upon
loss of the communication signal, the Nova R8400 UA will attempt to reacquire the link. If after
10 seconds the link has not been reacquired, the Nova R8400 UA will continue to attempt to
reacquire the link while maintaining the current altitude and navigating to the home waypoint,
which is the same as the location of the ground control station. Once at the home waypoint, the
Nova R8400 UA will hover while continuing its attempt to reacquire the link for 30 seconds (to
allow for rebooting of the ground control station, if needed). The Nova R8400 UA will then
continue to attempt to re-acquire the link while it navigates through the landing procedure.

         The landing procedure for Lost Link is identical to a normal landing procedure. The
Nova R8400 UA will enter into a hover-land procedure; descending while reducing speed until
contact with the ground. During this decent and touchdown, the Nova R8400 UA will remain in
controlled flight.

1 Exhibits to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         25
         Loss of GPS signal will result in a two-tiered recovery approach. Upon loss of a GPS
signal, the Nova R8400 UA will immediately hover in an attempt to reacquire a signal. If after
15 seconds, a GPS signal is not reacquired, the UA will enter tier-two recovery. At any time
during either tier-one or tier-two recovery, the operator can take over with augmented control
and utilize its onboard magnetometer to navigate back to the home waypoint through dead-
reckoning. During this failure mode, the observer will call out UA position and movement back
to the operator. Once the UA is close enough to resolve orientation, or if operating with a live
video payload, the operator can engage manual control and perform a manual landing at the pre-
decided landing site.

         If a cascade of failures has occurred and Lost-Link has also occurred during tier two, the
Nova R8400 UA will enter into a hover-land procedure; descending while reducing speed until
contacting the ground. During this decent and touchdown, the Nova R8400 UA is still in
controlled flight.

         The Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual at Chapter 8 "Emergency Procedures" fully
describes the features of the Nova R8400 UAS and sets forth the unmanned aircraft's operation
in the event of a power loss, loss of communications, loss GPS, loss of video link, or software
crash. A copy of Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is
attached hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The Nova R8400 Ground Control Station And Its Operation.
         The Nova R8400 Ground Control Station is identical to the GCS utilized by the Altavian
Nova F6500 UAS, which has been granted exemptions to operate commercially in the NAS. See
Exemption Nos. 11111, 11114, and 11188. A complete description of the operation and
specifications of the ground control station (GCS) and flight control software for the Nova

                                                         26
R8400 UAS is provided in the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual at Chapter 2. A complete

overview of the features and operation of the GCS software is provided at Chapter 7. A copy of

the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual, which contains proprietary information, is attached

hereto as Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           v. Safe Mobile Operation Of The Nova R8400 UAS.

         The Nova R8400 UAS may be safely operated by a Pilot in Command (PIC) and safety

observer co-located with a GCS on a mobile vehicle or watercraft, in order to efficiently perform

aerial acquisition operations of large areas. As set forth in the Nova Family of Systems

Operations Manual at page 6-4, additional limitations and requirements apply to mobile

operations of the Nova R8400 UAS, including the following:

         The driver/operator of the vehicle must be licensed and fully understand his/her role in
         the operation.

         The mobile vehicle must be organized and clear of any unnecessary debris prior to the
         operation.

         Equipment and personnel positioning within the vehicle must be predetermined and
         agreed upon by the team. Each team member must use appropriate safety restraint
         equipment, and such equipment should not interfere with safe flight.

         The PIC must have ready communication with the driver/operator of the vehicle as well
         as the safety observer.

         GCS software must be configured for constant updating of GCS position on the map
         overlay, and the PIC must be kept aware of vehicle position. The GCS must be mounted
         or fixed to the vehicle to ensure that no excess movement will shift the GCS during
         operations.

         The route of the moving vehicle must be determined prior to operation and the PIC must
         ensure that no part of the route will obscure the safety observer's view of the vehicle or
         cause any physical obstacles or obstructions to any member of the flight team.

         The Area of Interest (AOI) must be large enough to warrant mobile operations, and the
         aircraft cannot be allowed to exit the AOI under any circumstance. The only change to
         the standard operating procedures (SOP's) with mobile operations must be an update of
         the LOL (Loss of Link) site. Mobile operations are only permitted if suitable LOL sites

                                                         27
         are within 500 ft. of the PIC at all times. The entire AOI must also meet the "sterile
         environment" of a static site as described on page 4-4 of the Operations Manual,
         otherwise mobile operations are prohibited.
         A copy of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which contains proprietary

information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14

C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  b. Flight Operations Of The Nova R8400 UAS Are Limited To The
                           Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Private Pilot in Command With
                           A Safety Observer.

         The Petitioner will only utilize certificated Pilots who possess a valid airman medical

certificate or equivalent to act as a pilot in command of the Nova R8400 UAS. Additionally, a

safety observer will assist all pilots during flight operations. Additionally, both the pilot in

command and safety observer must complete the Nova Operators Course and meet the

experience requirements as set forth in the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual. A copy

of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, which contains proprietary information, is

attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  c. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                           Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, The Petitioner proposes to commercially operate the Nova

R8400 UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS, pursuant

to the following specific operating limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents, which is the Altavian Nova R8400 Unmanned
         Aircraft System, an octo-rotor aircraft weighing approximately 21.4 pounds at maximum
         gross weight. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this grant.

         2. UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting operations for the
         purpose of aerial acquisitions.

                                                         28
3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 13.9 knots (i.e., 16 mph).

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and
cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

7. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

8. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in
the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of
exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow
the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise
its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator
must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or
amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the
operator must petition for amendment to the grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
revisions to the operating documents.

9. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the operating documents. The PIC

                                                29
who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of
the flight.

11. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant preflight inspection
sections of the operating documents.

12. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements, with particular attention to
flight critical components that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.

13. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.

15. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16. The PIC must possess a pilot certificate and at least a current third-class medical
certificate or equivalent for all flight operations. The PIC must also meet the flight review
requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his
or her pilot certificate.

17. Prior to operations, the PIC must have completed the operator's training and currency
requirements as prescribed in the operating documents. During that training, the PIC
must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), the
minimum hours prescribed in the operating documents for a UAS pilot operating the
make and model of the UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption. Training,
proficiency, and experience-building flights can be conducted under this grant of
exemption to qualify the operator's PIC(s), VO(s) and other essential personnel as
defined in the operating documents. However, said training operations may only be
conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
distances in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has demonstrated
through the operator's training and currency requirements that the PIC is able to safely
operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                                30
19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with enough battery to fly an additional five minutes (i.e.,
20% battery power remaining).

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airmen
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PIC at the location of the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is
operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

                                                31
         29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to other aviation operations and
         activities at all times.

         30. If the UAS is operated from a moving vehicle or device, the operation must be in
         accordance with the operating documents.

         31. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

         32. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons (persons other than the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels,
         vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
                  ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
                  arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
                  feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                  owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                  and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
                  objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

                  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
                  present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

         33. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
         the land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to
         be conducted.

         34. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
         the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
         to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
         NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The Petitioner submits that an equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a)

will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Nova R8400 UAS unless that

PIC has demonstrated, through the Nova R8400 UAS training and currency requirements, that

                                                         32
the PIC is able to safely operate the Nova R8400 UAS in a manner consistent with this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering the Petitioner's proposed area of operations and the operating limitations set
forth-above; the parallel nature of all certificated pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to
those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills
necessary to safely operate the Nova R8400 UAS, the Petitioner submits that the additional
manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the
airmanship skills necessary for the Petitioner's specific proposed flight operations.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a), specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138,
11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177,
11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11194, 11195, 11204, 11206, 11208, 11209,
11213, 11215, 11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221, 11222, 11223, 11224, 11225, 11226, 11227,
11228, 11229, 11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240, 11241).

         The Petitioner will not allow any PIC to operate the Nova R8400 UAS unless that PIC
has demonstrated through the Nova R8400 UAS training and currency requirements that the PIC
is able to safely operate the Nova R8400 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         A complete description of the Nova R8400 UAS Training and Qualification requirements
is set forth at pages 3-5 through 3-6 of the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, attached

                                                         33
hereto as Exhibit B. Exhibit B contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to
every flight, the Petitioner will ensure that the Nova R8400 UAS is in an airworthy condition and
safe for flight based upon the Nova R8400 UAS's compliance with its operating documents (i.e.,
the Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual, the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, and
the Nova R8400 UAS Maintenance Manual) and as stated in the conditions and limitations
herein.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a), specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138,
11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172,
11174, 11177, 11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11194, 11195, 11204, 11206,
11208, 11209, 11213, 11215, 11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221, 11222, 11223, 11224, 11225,
11226, 11227, 11228, 11229, 11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240, 11241).

         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.119(c)
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.119(c) will be maintained
because in any operation to be conducted closer than 500 feet from any nonparticipating persons,
barriers or structures will be present to sufficiently protect any nonparticipating persons from
debris in the event of an accident during operation of the Nova R8400 UA, which weighs less
than twenty-two (22) pounds and will be operated below an altitude of 400 feet AGL. The

                                                         34
nonparticipating persons will be required to remain within the area of protection, and if any
nonparticipating person leaves the area of protection and is within 500 feet of the Nova R8400,
flight operations would cease immediately.

         Additionally, any operation to be conducted closer than 500 feet from persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures would first require the permission of the land owner/controller and a
safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects by the PIC.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.119(c) specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, 11114, 11136,
11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171,
11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11184, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11194,
11195, 11204, 11206, 11208, 11209, 11213, 11215, 11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221, 11222,
11223, 11224, 11225, 11226, 11227, 11228, 11229, 11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240,
11241).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
the altitude of the Nova R8400 UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above
ground level (AGL), and the Petitioner will operate the Nova R8400 UA within visual line of
sight, at or below 400 feet AGL. Furthermore, the altitude information of the Nova R8400 UA
will be provided to the PIC via a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment and a radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path and altitude. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is
established at ground level.

                                                         35
         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153,
11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11174, 11176, 11177,
11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11194, 11195, 11204, 11206, 11208, 11209,
11213, 11215, 11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221, 11222, 11223, 11224, 11225, 11226, 11227,
11228, 11229, 11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240, 11241).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(a)(1) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure the level of safety established by 14 C.F.R.
Section 91.151(a)(1) because the technical specifications of the Nova R8400 UAS, the Nova
Operations Manual, and The Petitioner's proposed operating limitations ensure that the Petitioner
may safely operate the battery powered Nova R8400 UA during daylight hours in VMC for 20
minutes, landing with 5 minutes of battery power remaining. Furthermore, previous exemptions
granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.

         The Nova R8400 UA is powered by two Lithium Ion 11 Amp hour, 22.2V battery, and is
protected by two low battery failsafes, while the ground control station (GCS) provides a battery
indicator on the heads-up display, which indicates the Nova R8400 UA's current remaining
battery power measured in volts, providing the PIC with constant awareness of the real-time
battery voltage during a flight.

                                                         36
         The two low battery failsafes that protect the Nova R8400 UA are a "Low AV2 battery"
failsafe and a "Critically low AV battery" failsafe. The "Low AV battery" failsafe flies the UA
to the location of the ground control station (GCS), or identified Rally point, when the UA
battery reaches a certain threshold of time as configured by the operator (or 22.2V). The
"Critically low AV battery" shuts the propulsion motor off and lands the UA at its current
location. This failsafe is triggered if the battery drops below the critical battery voltage as
configured by the operator (or 21.2V).

         Furthermore, an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1) would not
adversely affect safety because the Petitioner will only conduct flights during daylight hours in
VMC, with the duration of each flight not to exceed 20 minutes, with 5 minutes battery power
remaining.

         Likewise, as set forth above, the Petitioner has proposed specific operating limitations in
this Petition that will maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.151(a)(1), including
the following: (1) the Nova R8400 UA will only be operated during daylight hours (i.e. between
the end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the
American Air Almanac, converted to local time); (2) Nova R8400 UA will only be operated
pursuant to visual flight rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC); and (3) the
duration of each flight shall not exceed 20 minutes.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151(a)(1)
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at
less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151(a), including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745,

2 The Nova R8400 UAS Operator Manual defines "AV" as "Aerial Vehicle."

                                                         37
and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151, specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109,
11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,
11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185, 11188, 11189, 11191, 11192, 11193,
11194, 11195, 11204, 11206, 11208, 11209, 11213, 11215, 11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221,
11222, 11223, 11224, 11225, 11226, 11227, 11228, 11229, 11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240,
11241).

         7. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &
                  (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, the Petitioner submits that the level of safety with regard to the
regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because the Petitioner, will use
its trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore, the Petitioner will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the Nova R8400 UAS.

         Since the Nova R8400 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer's
maintenance manual, the Petitioner will maintain the level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The Nova R8400 Maintenance Manual sets forth
Scheduled Maintenance Inspection Procedures for each system and component. Inspection
intervals for the Nova R8400 UAS include preflight and post flight inspections, as well as
scheduled inspections every 25 hours, 50 hours, 75 hours, and 100 hours.

                                                         38
         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because the Petitioner
will perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft
system using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer's
maintenance manual. The Nova R8400 Maintenance Manual details procedures for each
component of the unmanned aircraft, including the components of the propulsion system,
legs/arms, avionics system, and payload system.

         A copy of the Nova R8400 Maintenance Manual, which contains proprietary information,
is attached hereto as Exhibit C, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b).

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain the level of safety established by
Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b) because all maintenance of the Nova R8400 UAS will
be performed by Altavian trained technicians, who will document and maintain maintenance
records for the Nova R8400 UAS. Altavian trained technicians are qualified to conduct any and
all maintenance to ensure the safe operation of the Nova family of UAS, conduct all service
inspections, and authorize the use of each vehicle in the Nova family of UAS based upon
completion of appropriate inspections. See Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, Exhibit
B, at page 3-4. Pursuant to the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual and the Nova R8400
Maintenance Manual, a Maintenance Action Form must be completed and saved in the
maintenance logs for all maintenance that is performed on the UAS. The procedures for
maintaining the maintenance logs for the UAS are fully set forth in the Nova Family of Systems
Operations Manual, Exhibit B, at Chapter 5, and the Nova R8400 Maintenance Manual, Exhibit
C, at Chapter 4.

                                                         39
         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.
The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159,
11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172, 11174, 11176, 11177, 11178, 11185,
11188,11189, 11191, 11192, 11193, 11194 ,11195, 11204, 11206, 11208, 11209, 11213, 11215,
11216, 11217, 11218, 11220, 11221, 11222, 11223, 11224, 11225, 11226, 11227, 11228, 11229,
11230, 11237, 11238, 11239, 11240, 11241).

         8. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, the Petitioner requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Nova R8400 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will
permit safe operation of the unmanned aircraft for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions within the NAS. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat
to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be established for the
safe operation of the aircraft systems in the NAS.
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

                                                         40
§ 21.16, for operation of the Nova R8400 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R.

Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual

design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for the Petitioner's intended operation of the Nova R8400 UAS,

which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of

safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. Sections

61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &

(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:

         The Rules From Which Cardno Limited Seeks Exemption:

         Cardno Limited seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. Sections 61.113(a),
         91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
         and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Cardno Limited Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Cardno Limited to commercially operate an Unmanned
         Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research
         within the National Airspace System (NAS).

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support The
         Petitioner's Request.

                                                         41
         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, the Petitioner's request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, the Nova R8400 UAS will operate safely in the NAS
without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
national security.

                                                CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Cardno Limited seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61
and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit
safe operation of the Nova R8400 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for
the limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the National Airspace System
(NAS). By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests
of the public, by allowing Cardno Limited to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the
Nova R8400 UAS commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Cardno Limited respectfully requests that
the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
Sections 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

                                                         42
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Cardno Limited to operate the Nova
R8400 UAS for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS.
Dated: April 03, 2015

                                                               Respectfully submitted,
                                                               The Aviation Law Firm
                                                               /s/ Gregory S. Winton
                                                               ____________________________
                                                               Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                                                               1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                               Suite 300
                                                               Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                               Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                               Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                               Attorneys for Petitioner

                                                         43
