August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12372
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1955

Mr. Gregory Harris
Attorney
Caterpillar Inc.
100 Northeast Adams Street
Peoria, IL 61629

Dear Mr. Harris:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Caterpillar Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial surveying,
videography, cinematography, filmmaking, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Trimble UX5, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom, DJI
Phantom 2, and Parrot Bebop1.

1 The petitioner also proposed to operate the Hoverfly Scripta. The FAA must conduct an assessment on this
aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet the conditions in Section 333 of Public Law
112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required
by the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Caterpillar Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Caterpillar Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Trimble UX5, DJI
    Inspire 1, DJI Phantom, DJI Phantom 2, and Parrot Bebop when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
VIA FDMS

May 14, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Caterpillar Inc. - Petition for Exemption

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA")1 and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Caterpillar Inc. ("Caterpillar") seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") listed below to permit commercial operation of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") to
perform various tasks including:

     aerial surveying;
     filmmaking, cinematography and videography;
     construction and mine site inspection and monitoring;
     inspection and monitoring of large equipment;
     utility-power generation system inspection; and
     public entity support operations.

         The five (5) UAS proposed for use by Caterpillar are the Trimble UX5; DJI Inspire I; DJI Phantom;
DJI Phantom 2; Parrot Bebop; and Hoverfly Scripta. Caterpillar's UAS operations will be conducted under
the safeguards described in this petition and as may be further established by FAA.2

1 Pub. L. No. 112-95, § 333, 126 Stat. 76.
2 In support of this petition, Caterpillar is submitting confidentially and under separate cover its Caterpillar
UAS Operations and Maintenance Manual (the "Manual"), together with the following UAS-specific user guides
and manuals: (1) Trimble UX5 User Guide (Attachment 1); (2) DJI Inspire I User Manual (Attachment 2); (3&4) DJI
Phantom & Phantom2 User Manuals (Attachments 3&4, respectively); (5) Parrot Bebop User Manual (Attachment
5); and Hoverfly Scripta User Manual (Attachment 6). Caterpillar requests confidential treatment of the Manual
under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as it contains confidential commercial and proprietary information that Caterpillar has
not and will not share with others. Such documents are not publicly available and are protected from release
under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.

                                                               1
         The agency has already issued over 320 Section 333 exemptions to various commercial
enterprises for UAS applications ranging from aerial photography and precision agriculture to
construction and surface mining (the "Section 333 Grants").3 Indeed, FAA has granted at least 34
exemptions to companies specifically for construction, mining and/or utility inspections, and many
others for aerial surveying, filmmaking, cinematography and videography more generally.4 In issuing the
Section 333 Grants, FAA found that "the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA)
with the specifications described by the petitioner . . . gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS
operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest."5 The same public interest and safety
justifications apply to Caterpillar's petition, and should enable FAA to grant Caterpillar's petition on an
expedited basis.

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit Caterpillar to operate
the specified UAS under controlled conditions in low-altitude airspace that is: (1) access limited; (2)
predetermined; and (3) located a sufficient distance from congested areas and airports, and would
provide safety enhancements to operations using conventional aircraft. Caterpillar's UAS are small,
weighing 55 lbs. or less fully loaded, and under normal conditions, they will operate at speeds of 50
knots or less, and under no circumstances will they be operated at speeds exceeding 87 knots.

    I. Petitioner

         Caterpillar is the world's leading manufacturer of construction, mining, and forestry machinery,
including diesel and natural gas engines, industrial turbines and diesel-electric locomotives.

         Caterpillar now seeks to expand on this success by utilizing UAS in our operations. This new
capability will, among other things, allow Caterpillar to supplement or supplant human workers in
performing inspections, surveying and monitoring in hazardous mining, blasting and construction areas
and also substitute UAS for aerial survey and photography services, which are currently conducted at
significant expense with fixed or rotary winged manned aircraft. The UAS we propose to fly in these
applications weigh under 55 lbs., and carry no combustible material or people on board. This presents a
significant increase in safety to flight crew, the national airspace system ("NAS"), and people on the
ground over manned fixed and rotary winged aircraft. Performing these hazardous tasks with UAS will
limit human involvement only to those situations where physical work is required. As an industry leader
in safety, Caterpillar is committed to any measure that will put fewer lives in danger, and integrating
UAS into Caterpillar's operations will do just that.

3 See FAA, Authorizations Granted Via Section 333 Exemptions (rev. May 12, 2015),
https://www.faa.gov/uas/legislative_programs/section_333/333_authorizations/; see also, e.g., Exemption No.
11109 in Docket No. FAA-2014-0507 (Clayco, Inc.); Exemption No. 11286 in Docket No. FAA-2014-0960 (Balfour
Beatty Construction Services US); and Exemption No. 11227 in Docket FAA-2014-0678 (EnviroMINE, Inc.).
4 See id.
5 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11227 at 6.

                                                               2
         All communications regarding Caterpillar's petition should be directed to:

         Caterpillar Inc.
         100 NE Adams Street
         Peoria, IL 61629
         Attn : Gregory Harris
         Ph: 309-494-7622
         Email: harris_gregory@cat.com

    II. Section 333

         Caterpillar's petition is consistent with Congress's goal set forth in Section 333 of the FMRA,
which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UAS may operate safely in the
NAS before completion of the rulemakings required under Section 332 of that legislation. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAS do not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following: (1) the UAS's
size, weight, speed, and operational capability; (2) operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports
and populated areas; and (3) operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.6 To
implement Section 333, FAA has the authority to issue exemptions from its safety regulations and
minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.7

         Caterpillar's proposed UAS operations meet the requirements of, and qualify for expedited
approval under, Section 333. Caterpillar's UAS weigh 55 lbs. or less, will operate at less than 400 feet
above ground level (AGL) within visual line of sight (VLOS) at speeds of no more than 50 knots.
Operations conducted under these safeguards will provide at least an equivalent level of safety
compared to the current regulatory structure. They will also provide an environmental impact benefit
over manned aircraft because Caterpillar's UAS will draw their power from rechargeable batteries, as
opposed to the hundreds of pounds of fossil fuels burned in the operation of manned aircraft that are
thousands of times heavier.

         Moreover, Caterpillar's operations will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public or pose a threat to national security" due to the small size of the UAS and the
restricted areas in which they will operate.8

6 FMRA § 333(a).
7 See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f).
8 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11062 in Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 (Astraeus Aerial), at 8 (citing FMRA §
333(b)).

                                                               3
    III. Regulations from Which an Exemption is Requested

         Caterpillar requests an exemption from the following regulations to the extent necessary to
conduct the operations described in this petition:

               14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c)
               14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
               14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
               14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.121
               14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
               14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
               14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) and (b)

         The following subsections describe Caterpillar's request for an exemption from each of these
regulations and demonstrate how Caterpillar's operations will provide for at least an equivalent level of
safety compared to the current regulatory structure that applies to manned aircraft.

              A. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c) ­ Medical certificates: Requirement and duration

         Sections 61.23(a) and (c) generally require pilots of manned aircraft to hold a FAA medical
certificate in order to exercise pilot privileges. As of March 24, 2015, however, FAA determined as
matter of policy that operators holding a valid driver's license in lieu of a third class medical certificate
may conduct commercial UAS operations under a Section 333 grant.9 Accordingly, Caterpillar requests
an exemption from these provisions to the extent necessary to give Caterpillar the same relief from
medical certificate requirements that FAA has afforded to over 320 other Section 333 operators via the
Section 333 Grants.10

              B. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5) ­ Recreational pilot privileges and limitations

         Sections 61.101(e)(4) and (5) prohibit a recreational pilot from acting as pilot in command of an
aircraft for compensation or hire or in furtherance of a business. Since Caterpillar will be conducting its
UAS operations in furtherance of its construction, mining and other services, it requests an exemption

9 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11227 in Docket No. FAA-2014-0678 (EnviroMINE, Inc.), at 4, 8; see also FAA, FAA
Summary Grants Speed UAS Exemptions (Apr. 9, 2015), https://www.faa.gov/news/updates/?newsId=82485.
10 See supra note 3.

                                                               4
from these provisions to the extent necessary. Caterpillar notes that FAA has provided such relief to
over 320 other Section 333 operators.11

              C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) ­ Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Section 61.113(a) limits private pilots to conducting non-commercial operations. FAA has
already determined, however, that a private pilot certificate is sufficient to conduct commercial UAS
flights; in fact, the agency has revised its Section 333 approval framework to allow UAS operations to be
conducted by a pilot with only a recreational or sport pilot certificate.12

         Consistent with the operating conditions and limitations specified in the Section 333 Grants,
Caterpillar will utilize only pilots holding a FAA airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or
sport pilot certificate and at least a valid U.S. driver's license. The UAS will be operated within VLOS of
the PIC at all times, and because the area of operation will be controlled and restricted in accordance
with the safeguards contained in the Manual and the FAA-approved conditions and limitations described
in Section VI, infra, permitting the UAS operations as requested would provide for the level of safety
otherwise achieved through Section 61.113(a). Accordingly, grant of the requested exemption, subject
to the conditions and limitations specified herein, would not adversely affect the safety of the NAS.

              D. 14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a) ­ Sport pilot certificate privileges and limits

         Section 61.315(a) authorizes a sport pilot certificate holder to act as pilot in command of a light-
sport aircraft, subject to certain restrictions specified in Section 61.315(c), including a prohibition on
doing so for compensation or hire or in furtherance of a business, among other restrictions. Since
Caterpillar will be conducting its UAS operations in furtherance of its business purposes, it requests an
exemption from this provision to the extent necessary. Caterpillar notes that FAA has provide the same
relief to over 320 other Section 333 operators.13

              E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) ­ Civil aircraft airworthiness

         Section 91.7(a) prohibits any person from operating a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition. FAA has stated that no exemption is required for 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) to the extent that the
airworthiness certificate requirements of Part 2114 are waived or inapplicable. Such airworthiness
certificate requirements are inapplicable here, insofar as Caterpillar's UAS provides an equivalent level

11 See supra note 3.
12 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11422 in Docket No. FAA-2015-0154 (Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.), at 4.
13 See supra note 3.
14 FAA has concluded that no exemption from Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) is needed if the
agency makes a finding under the FMRA that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when
compared to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met here, and therefore no
exemption is needed. See, e.g., Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. But to the extent
FAA determines that there are some characteristics of Caterpillar's UAS that fail to meet the "equivalent level of
safety" requirement of the FMRA, an exemption is requested.

                                                               5
of safety when compared to manned aircraft, consistent with the relevant language of the FMRA and
the precedent established by the Section 333 Grants.15

              F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 ­ Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.16 Specifically, Section
91.119(c) provides that except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
below an altitude of 500 feet above the surface except over open water or sparsely populated areas and
that in such cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle or
structure. As detailed in the Section 333 Grants, however, FAA has determined that adherence to
certain safety measures is sufficient to warrant an exemption for UAS operations.17 Consistent with the
relief provided to other UAS operators via the Section 333 Grants, Caterpillar requests an exemption to
the extent necessary to operate below an altitude of 500 feet AGL and closer than 500 feet to any
person, vessel or structure. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight and
speed of Caterpillar's UAS, as well as the locations where it will be operated.

              G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 ­ Altimeter Settings

         Although Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure" and Caterpillar's UAS will not be equipped with a typical
barometric altimeter, FAA has already granted relief from this provision to other UAS operators flying at
similarly low altitudes.18 Caterpillar will operate the UAS within VLOS at or below 400 feet AGL and
provide altitude information to the PIC via a digitally encoded telemetric data feed that downlinks from
the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. The altitude information will be generated by
equipment installed on the UAS, and prior to each flight a zero altitude initiation point will be
established and confirmed for accuracy by the PIC.

              H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) ­ Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." But provided certain
operational parameters are established, FAA has found that good cause exists for granting exemptions
from this provision for operations in a multitude of contexts.19

15 See, e.g., id.
16 FAA determined in the Section 333 Grants that relief from other provisions of Section 91.119 are either
unwarranted or inapplicable. See Exemption No. 11062 at 20.
17 See, e.g., supra note 3.
18 See id.
19 See supra note 3.

                                                               6
         Caterpillar will be operating a less than 55 pound UAS in tightly controlled environments at
speeds below 50 knots and within VLOS. Combined with the fact that Caterpillar will not conduct
operations unless the UAS has enough available power to complete the intended mission and return,
relief from Section 91.151(a) is warranted, in accordance with the conditions and limitations specified in
Section VI, infra.

              I. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); and 91.417(a) and (b):
                   Maintenance Inspections

         These FAR provisions require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter. . .," and that other persons shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Through the Section 333 Grants, however, FAA has established safety measures for certain UAS
operations sufficient to warrant an exemption from these provisions.20

         Caterpillar will strictly adhere to the maintenance and inspection requirements set forth in its
Manual, which is consistent with applicable conditions and limitations described in Section VI, infra.
These requirements include the development and documentation of maintenance, overhaul,
replacement and inspection requirements; procedures to document and maintain maintenance records
with regard to Caterpillar's UAS; and UAS technician qualification criteria.

    IV. Characteristics of Caterpillar's UAS

         All of the UAS which Caterpillar will operate under this proposed exemption are small, weighing
less than 55 lbs. maximum gross weight, and they will operate at 50 knots or less. They all feature
automatic return to home or flight termination procedures in the event of a loss of controller signal or
diminished battery output or capacity.

    V. Unmanned Aircraft PIC

         As described above, the PIC will be a FAA licensed airman with either an airline transport,
commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate, that holds a current FAA airman medical
certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified
in Section 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

    VI. Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft

         Caterpillar will conduct all flights under the requested exemption subject to the following
conditions and limitations, and as further detailed in the Manual:

20 See id.

            7
    A. The UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds, including payload.

    B. The UAS will not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.

    C. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, as indicated by the
         procedures specified in the Manual. All altitudes reported to ATC will be in feet AGL.

    D. The UAS will be operated within VLOS of the PIC and/or VO at all times.

    E. When operations utilize a VO, the PIC will always maintain VLOS capability and the VO and PIC
         will be able to communicate verbally at all times.

    F. Prior to each operation, the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight.
         If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, it will not be
         operated until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
         condition for safe flight. The GCS will also be included in the preflight inspection. All
         maintenance and alterations will be documented in the UAS records.

    G. Caterpillar will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

    H. The PIC will possess a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license. The
         PIC will be trained in accordance with the Manual, and will undergo training to ensure that he or
         she can follow these procedures.

    I. Prior to conducting commercial operations under this exemption the PIC will assess the
         intended operating area, including weather and any potential obstacles, and determine
         procedures in case of emergency.

    J. The UAS will not be operated within 500 feet of any nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles,
         or structures unless the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
         those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

    K. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the PIC will institute emergency
         procedures in accordance with the Manual.

    L. The UAS will not be operated unless it has enough available power to conduct the intended
         operation and return, or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer, whichever
         is greater.

    M. Caterpillar will obtain a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any
         operations above 200 feet AGL under the exemption.21

21 Pursuant to its new "blanket" COA, FAA will automatically grant a COA for flights at or below 200 feet to
any UAS operator with a Section 333 exemption for aircraft that weigh less than 55 pounds, operate during
daytime VFR conditions, operate within VLOS, and stay certain prescribed distances away from airports or
heliports. See FAA, FAA Streamlines UAS COAs for Section 333 (rev. Mar. 24, 2015),
https://www.faa.gov/news/updates/?newsId=82245. This blanket COA allows flights anywhere in the country

                                                               8
    N. All UAS operated in accordance with this exemption will be identified by serial number,
         registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
         accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

    O. Caterpillar has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS
         maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
         component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS, as reflected in the Manual.

    P. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

    Q. The preflight inspection section described in the Manual will account for all discrepancies (i.e.,
         inoperable components, items, or equipment).

    R. Caterpillar's use of radio frequency spectrum for operation and control of the UAS will comply
         with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate agency requirements.

    S. The documents required under Sections 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at the GCS
         of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents will be made available to FAA or
         any law enforcement official upon request.

    T. The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and activities at all
         times.

    U. UAS operations will not be conducted at night, as defined in Section 1.1. All operations will be
         conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

    V. The UAS will not be operated from any moving device or vehicle.

    W. The UAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
         cloud or when visibility is less than three statute miles from the PIC.

    X. The UAS will not operate within five nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
         denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with an
         ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published aeronautical
         chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained or otherwise
         permitted by a COA issued to Caterpillar. The letter of agreement with the airport management
         will be made available to FAA and any law enforcement official upon request.

    Y. Any accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
         operational area defined by the applicable COA will be reported to FAA's UAS Integration Office
         (AFS-80) within 24 hours and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), as applicable.

except restricted airspace and certain other prohibited areas, and FAA automatically issues it at the time the
exemption is approved. Id. To the extent Caterpillar will be operating above 200 ft. AGL at any of its UAS sites, it
will apply for a COA authorizing it to do so.

                                                               9
    VII. Public Interest

         Authorizing Caterpillar to conduct commercial operations using UAS under the conditions
specified herein would bring immediate and significant safety improvement to the mining, construction,
energy and other industries. Caterpillar's UAS would be used to conduct inspections and perform other
key functions in a manner that provides at least an equivalent level of safety compared to the current
regulatory structure that applies to manned aircraft.22

         Conventional construction and mining inspections require human beings to visually observe and
analyze the physical status of various equipment and surrounding conditions. By replacing these perilous
tasks with UAS flights, Caterpillar can identify and analyze any equipment or areas that require attention
without subjecting a human to the attendant risks.

    VIII. Conclusion

         Given the small size of Caterpillar's UAS and the restricted environments where they will
operate, Caterpillar falls squarely within the type of operations that Congress intended be authorized
pursuant to Section 333. Caterpillar's proposed UAS operations are similar in all material respects to the
operations authorized under the Section 333 Grants, including several covering nearly identical types of
operations ­ and should be approved on an expedited basis. Based on the clear direction from Congress,
the authority contained in the FMRA; the well-established equivalent level of safety present in
Caterpillar's proposed operations; the significant public benefits associated with using UAS to perform
the proposed operations; and FAA's recent determinations in the Section 333 Grants, grant of
Caterpillar's petition is in the public interest. Accordingly, Caterpillar respectfully requests that FAA
grant it an exemption without delay.

Very truly yours,

Gregory N. Harris
Caterpillar Inc.
Attorney
Law & Public Policy/Legal Services Division
100 NE Adams Street
Peoria, IL 61629

Enclosures

22 See Exemption No. 11062 at 22.

                                   10
