September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12688
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1303

Mr. Cameron Patterson
CC Patterson & Associates
13400 Highway 66
Ashland, OR 97520

Dear Mr. Patterson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 17, July 9, and July 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of CC Patterson & Associates (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial imagery acquisition for orthophoto and terrain modeling in support of
geography information system modeling.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CC Patterson & Associates is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CC Patterson & Associates is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3 and
    DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
17 April 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition of CC Patterson & Associates for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 For Small UAS Aerial Survey Operations

To Whom it May Concern:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR Part 11, CC
Patterson & Associates (CCPA), hereby applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
(FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small unmanned aerial systems.

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition, the DJI UAS manufacturer's
operations and/or instructions manual, DJI UAS User's Manuals, DJI UAS Quick Start Guides, and any
other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333.

This exemption would permit commercial operation of the DJI Phantom 3 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs by
CCPA, to conduct airborne imagery acquisition for orthophoto and terrain modeling in support of
geographic information system modeling of natural and cultural resources, hydrology, wetland
delineation and restoration, forestry, habitat conservation, and other remote-sensing related activities
in which CCPA is normally engaged. CCPA is a small consulting firm specializing in the use of geographic
information systems and airborne remote sensing data to support conservation ecology-related
projects, primarily in Southern Oregon. This exemption is in support of CCPA's projected shift to UAV-
based data collection operations from sub-contracted manned aircraft operations, for low-altitude,
high-resolution ortho-imagery and 3D point cloud generation with lidar, multispectral and thermal
sensors.

All UAV operations conducted under this exemption will be flown by a PIC certified by the FAA as a
Private Pilot with ratings for Single Engine Land, Instrument Airplane; and with a current FAA Medical
Certificate or valid US driver's license.

The name and address of the Petitioner is:

Cameron Patterson
CC Patterson & Associates
13400 Hwy 66, Ashland, Oregon 97520
(541)488-1757
cam.patterson@cascadegeo.com

Regulations from which Exemption is requested:
14 CFR 21(H), 14 CFR 61.23(a) and (c), 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b).
Appendix 1 to this petition summarizes the justification for each requested exemption.
Section 333 "Summary Grant" Eligibility:

This petition for exemption is similar in all significant characteristics to many existing Section 333
exemptions granted for low altitude aerial UAS survey operations.

CCPA proposes to conduct commercial UAS operation entirely with aircraft manufactured by DCI, Inc.
including the Phantom 3 and the Inspire 1, according to manufacturer recommendations for
maintenance and safe operation, as limited by the Conditions and Limitations of this exemption, should
it be granted.

Aircraft Registration
All UAS aircraft operated under the proposed exemption will be registered and identified with N-
number markings in the largest size practicable in accordance with 14 CFR 45(c), 47.

PIC Certification
All UAS aircraft will be operated under the proposed exemption by a PIC holding an Airman Certificate
from the FAA, and current medical or valid US Driver's License.

Section 333 Safety Evaluation Supporting Information

Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft System and its Operation
    1. UAS operational characteristics. The UAS's proposed for operation under this exemption include
         the commercially available DJI Phantom and DJI Inspire 1. These systems have both been
         previously approved by the FAA for Section 333 exemptions. They are both electric quad-copters
         weighing significantly less than 55 lbs , with IMU, GPS, and flight systems that are in extensive
         use for hobbies and recreational purposes; and their flight characteristics and specifications are
         available at the manufacturer's web site, and summarized in Appendix 2.
    2. Operational procedures will closely follow the manufacturer's recommendations, with these
         additional conditions and limitations:
              a. No closed set TV/Motion picture filming will be conducted
              b. No UAS operations exceeding 87 kt groundspeed
              c. No operations above 400 feet AGL, or within 500' below or 2000' horizontally from a
                   cloud, or when visibility is less than 3 mi from PIC.
              d. All operations conducted in daytime VFR conditions within PIC's unaided VLOS
              e. All operations will utilize a qualified Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with the
                   proposed FAA rule for small UAS, with PIC-VO verbal communication maintained at all
                   times.
              f. Valid Sec.333 exemption operating documentation will be maintained during operations
                   and made available to FAA upon request.
              g. Safe functional test flights shall be conducted after maintenance procedures
              h. Responsibility for safe operating condition of the UAS is the responsibility of the
                   operator.
              i. PIC will conduct a full safety pre-flight inspection prior to each operation. No operation
                   of UAS without ensured condition for safe operation.
              j. Operator will follow UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
                   inspection and life limit recommendations for aircraft and components, and comply
                   with all manufacturer's safety bulletins.
Regarding the UAS PIC and Visual Observer
    3. All UAS operations will be under the direct responsibility of Cameron Patterson, who holds an
         airman certification from the FAA as a Private Pilot with ratings for Airplane Single Engine Land
         and Instrument, with training and logbook conditions complete for Commercial certification.
         Total logged PIC flight time is 256 hrs, with endorsements for High-performance Complex single
         engine, and Tailwheel. All commercial operations will utilize a Visual Observer, who will receive
         sufficient training on a safe test range to assure safe and efficient operations and
         communications prior to deployment on a commercial project.
    4. The PIC will maintain either a FAA medical certification or a valid US driver's license for all UAS
         operations.

Regarding the Mission Protocols and Areas of Operation of the UAS
    5. UAS operations covered under this exemption will generally take place over unpopulated or
         sparsely populated rural areas.
    6. Any operations that take place in proximity to persons or sensitive property will maintain a 500'
         direct separation unless said persons are associated with and aware of the UAV operations, or
         have been notified and provided both consent and appropriate safety protocols (such as staying
         indoors).
    7. In general, all operations will be conducted in accordance with the FAA's March 23 2015
         "blanket" COA for operations under 200' AGL. All prospective data collections falling outside the
         blanket COA parameters, such as operations within 5 NM of a tower controlled airport will be
         conducted under individual COA applications submitted through the FAA's UAS Civil COA Portal.
    8. Each UAS data collection mission will be conducted in accordance with an individualized plan of
         operation that, at a minimum, plans for flight-time, flight lines, altitudes, PIC and VO locations,
         LZs and lines of sight, obstacles, ground elevations, pre-operation site inspection, analysis of
         topographic obstacles, restricted areas, NAS designations, potential on-ground safety
         considerations, loss of communication protocols, emergency procedures, and collision
         avoidance procedures for other manned and unmanned aircraft. All pre-operation planning will
         be done in a Geographic Information System that includes lidar or other existing elevation data,
         airspace horizontal and vertical boundaries, towers, transmission lines, trees and other
         obstructions, landing areas, and requirements for minimum weather and visibility conditions.
    9. Each data collection operation will be logged with all details of the operation on a flight-by-flight
         basis.
    10. All other conditions and limitations specified by the Section 333 Exemption, including UAS
         "return to base," loss of communication protocols, and any other condition not described
         herein, will be complied with.
Appendix 1              Subject                 Justification
 FAR section
 14 CFR 21(H)           Airworthiness Certification Not applicable to small UAS
 14 CFR 61.23
 14 CFR 61.113(a)       PIC Medical             PIC will have EITHER current
                        Private Pilot PIC for   medical OR valid US driver's
 14 CFR § 91.7 (a)      compensation or hire    license
 14 CFR § 91.119(c)     Airworthiness           Private pilot certification
 14 CFR § 91.121        requirement             demonstrates adequate NAS
 14 CFR § 91.151(a)     Minimum safe altitudes  knowledge for non-passenger
 14 CFR § 91.405 (a)    Altimeter settings      commercial operation
                        Fuel requirements
 14 CFR § 91.407(a1)    Maintenance             Designed for manned
 14 CFR § 91.409(a1,2)                          aircraft; not applicable to small
                        Return to service       UAS
 14 CFR § 91.417(a,b)   Annual inspection
                                                Separation from manned
                        Maintenance records     aircraft by UAV dictates lower
                                                operating altitudes

                                                Not applicable to small UAS
                                                ops

                                                Not applicable to small UAS
                                                ops

                                                Not necessary to assure small
                                                UAS operation safety. PIC
                                                inspection substituted in
                                                operating procedures

                                                Not applicable to small UAS
                                                Nopost necessary to assure small
                                                UAS operation safety.
                                                Implementing all manufacturer
                                                recommendations and
                                                operator responsibility
                                                substituted in operating
                                                procedures

                                                Not necessary to assure small
                                                UAV operation safety. Mfg.
                                                recs and operator
                                                responsibility subst.
Appendix 2                DJI Phantom 3                      DJI Inspire 1
 UAS Specification        Quadcopter                         Quadcopter
 Aircraft type
                          1.20 kg                            2.93 kg
 Weight
                          35 cm                              58cm
 Size (diagonal width)
                          16m/s (36 mph)                     22 m/s (49 mph)
 Maximum Speed

GNSS positioning          GPS/GLONASS (autonomous) GPS/GLONASS (autonomous)

Payload                   12mp digital camera and 3- 12mp digital camera and 3-axis

                          axis gimbal                        gimbal

Remote control communications Frequency 2.400Ghz - 2.483Ghz  2.400Ghz - 2.483Ghz
range                                                        5.725Ghz ­ 5.825Ghz

Max communications range  2000m (unobstructed line of 2000m (unobstructed line of

                          sight)                             sight)

Flight Battery Capacity/Max Flight Duration 4480mAh/ 23 min (approx) 5700mAh/ 18 min (approx)
7/17/2015                                                     Regulations.gov  Other Document

           Cameron C. Patterson - Additional Information

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation                                         Comments Not Accepted
Administration (FAA)
                                                                                                ID:  FAA201513030003
For related information, Open Docket Folder  

Content                                                                                         Document Information

9 July 2015                                                                                    Date Posted:
U.S. Department of Transportation                                                              Jul 16, 2015
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE                                                                       Show More Details  
Washington, DC 20590
                                                                                                Submitter Information
RE: Request for additional Information to Petition of CC
Patterson & Associates for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333                                   Submitter Name:
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 For Small                                      Cameron C. Patterson
UAS Aerial Survey Operations
                                                                                                   Docket Information
To Whom it May Concern:
                                                                                               This document is contained in
This letter is to provide additional information relevant to the    
petition request referenced above,                                                             FAA20151303
in response to the July 6, 2015 letter from the FAA (Brittany
Newton) regarding how this request would be in the                                             Related Dockets:
public interest, and to provide additional information to support                              None
our request.                                                                                   Related RINs:
                                                                                               None
1. This exemption would benefit the public as a whole primarily                                Related Documents:
by significantly reducing both the expense
(primarily to public agency clients) and risk to manned aircraft                                  U.S. DOT/FAA  Request for
operators and people on the ground, associated with                                               Additional Information
collecting high resolution aerial mapping information for small                                   CC Patterson & Associates 
(generally less than 1000 acres) wetland and habitat                                              Petition for Exemption
restoration sites, and other ecological conservation sites for
which CC Patterson & Associates normally is required
to contract with manned aircraft camera platform providers. We
expect to realize a 510 fold cost reduction for monitoring
the type of small restoration sites where we often work, and with
the availability of new 3D vision photogrammetric tools,
we also expect to replace some of the manned lidar data
acquisitions we currently have planned.

2. This exemption request is similar in all material respects to
relief previously requested in Grant of Exemptions
Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213, as referenced in many of

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201513030003                                                                  1/2
7/17/2015                                                     Regulations.gov  Other Document

the Section 333 exemptions currently being granted
by the FAA for proposed aerial data collection activities similar in
all material respects to those we propose with this exemption
request.

Sincerely,

Cameron C. Patterson
Petitioner

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201513030003                                   2/2
21 July 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition of CC Patterson & Associates for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 For Small UAS Aerial Survey Operations

To Whom it May Concern:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR Part 11, CC
Patterson & Associates (CCPA), hereby applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
(FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small unmanned aerial systems.

This exemption would permit commercial operation of the DJI Phantom 3 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs by
CCPA, to conduct airborne imagery acquisition for orthophoto and terrain modeling in support of
geographic information system modeling of natural and cultural resources, hydrology, wetland
delineation and restoration, forestry, habitat conservation, and other remote-sensing related activities
in which CCPA is normally engaged. CCPA is a small consulting firm specializing in the use of geographic
information systems and airborne remote sensing data to support conservation ecology-related
projects, primarily in Southern Oregon. This exemption is in support of CCPA's projected shift to UAV-
based data collection operations from sub-contracted manned aircraft operations, for low-altitude,
high-resolution ortho-imagery and 3D point cloud generation with lidar, multispectral and thermal
sensors.

All UAV operations conducted under this exemption will be flown by a PIC certified by the FAA as a
Private Pilot with ratings for Single Engine Land, Instrument Airplane; and with a current FAA Medical
Certificate or valid US driver's license.

    a) The name and address of the Petitioner is:

Cameron Patterson
CC Patterson & Associates
13400 Hwy 66, Ashland, Oregon 97520
(541)488-1757
cam.patterson@cascadegeo.com

    b) Regulations from which Exemption is requested:
14 CFR 21(H), 14 CFR 43.7, 14 CFR 43.11, 14 CFR 45.11, 14 CFR 45.21, 14 CFR 45.23(b), 14 CFR
45.27, 14 CFR 45.29, 14 CFR 61.23(a) and (c), 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b).

    c) Extent of Relief Sought and Reasons for Request:
Attachment A below lists the regulations from which relief is sought, together with the reason why each
regulation is not consistent with the safe commercial use of UAS to support our existing conservation
mapping operations.
This petition for exemption is similar in all significant characteristics to many existing Section 333
exemptions granted for low altitude aerial UAS survey operations.

CCPA proposes to conduct commercial UAS operation entirely with aircraft manufactured by DCI, Inc.
including the Phantom 3 and the Inspire 1, according to manufacturer recommendations for
maintenance and safe operation, as limited by the Conditions and Limitations of this exemption, should
it be granted.

    d) Reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest
This exemption would benefit the public as a whole primarily by significantly reducing both the expense
(primarily to public agency clients) and risk to manned aircraft operators associated with collecting high
resolution aerial mapping information for small (generally less than 1000 acres) wetland and habitat
restoration sites, and other ecological conservation sites for which CC Patterson & Associates normally is
required to contract with manned aircraft camera platform providers. We expect to realize a 5-10 fold
cost reduction for monitoring the type of small restoration sites where we often work, and with the
availability of new 3D vision photogrammetric tools, we also expect to replace some of the manned lidar
acquisitions we currently have planned. These cost reductions will be passed through to our public
sector clients through reduction in data acquisition costs and associated reduction in the overall cost of
ecological mapping projects they undertake.

    e) Reasons why Public Safety would be improved by granting the request

All airborne high-resolution data acquisition operations conducted under the proposed Section 333
exemption by CCPA would replace current data collection methods requiring manned aircraft flying at
relatively high-risk low survey altitudes. With the safety measures, operational limitation and
procedures summarized below, data collection operations by CCPA under a Section 333 exemption
would not adversely affect public safety, and would provide a level of safety equal to that provided by
each rule from which an exemption is sought.

     Aircraft Registration
All UAS aircraft operated under the proposed exemption will be registered and identified with N-
number markings in the largest size practicable in accordance with 14 CFR 45(c), 47.

     PIC Certification
All UAS aircraft will be operated under the proposed exemption by a PIC holding an Airman Certificate
from the FAA, and current medical or valid US Driver's License.

     Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft System and its Operation
    1. UAS operational characteristics. The UAS's proposed for operation under this exemption include

         the commercially available DJI Phantom and DJI Inspire 1. These systems have both been
         previously approved by the FAA for Section 333 exemptions. They are both electric quad-copters
         weighing significantly less than 55 lbs , with IMU, GPS, and flight systems that are in extensive
         use for hobbies and recreational purposes; and their flight characteristics and specifications are
         available at the manufacturer's web site, and summarized in Appendix 2.
    2. Operational procedures will closely follow the manufacturer's recommendations, with these
         additional conditions and limitations:

              a. No closed set TV/Motion picture filming will be conducted
         b. No UAS operations exceeding 87 kt groundspeed
         c. No operations above 400 feet AGL, or within 500' below or 2000' horizontally from a

              cloud, or when visibility is less than 3 mi from PIC.
         d. All operations conducted in daytime VFR conditions within PIC's unaided VLOS
         e. All operations will utilize a qualified Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with the

              proposed FAA rule for small UAS, with PIC-VO verbal communication maintained at all
              times.
         f. Valid Sec.333 exemption operating documentation will be maintained during operations
              and made available to FAA upon request.
         g. Safe functional test flights shall be conducted after maintenance procedures
         h. Responsibility for safe operating condition of the UAS is the responsibility of the
              operator.
         i. PIC will conduct a full safety pre-flight inspection prior to each operation. No operation
              of UAS without ensured condition for safe operation.
         j. Operator will follow UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
              inspection and life limit recommendations for aircraft and components, and comply
              with all manufacturer's safety bulletins.

 Regarding the UAS PIC and Visual Observer
3. All UAS operations will be under the direct responsibility of Cameron Patterson, who holds an

    airman certification from the FAA as a Private Pilot with ratings for Airplane Single Engine Land
    and Instrument, with training and logbook conditions complete for Commercial certification.
    Total logged PIC flight time is 256 hrs, with endorsements for High-performance Complex single
    engine, and Tailwheel. All commercial operations will utilize a Visual Observer, who will receive
    sufficient training on a safe test range to assure safe and efficient operations and
    communications prior to deployment on a commercial project.
4. The PIC will maintain either a FAA medical certification or a valid US driver's license for all UAS
    operations.

 Regarding the Mission Protocols and Areas of Operation of the UAS
5. UAS operations covered under this exemption will generally take place over unpopulated or

    sparsely populated rural areas.
6. Any operations that take place in proximity to persons or sensitive property will maintain a 500'

    direct separation unless said persons are associated with and aware of the UAV operations, or
    have been notified and provided both consent and appropriate safety protocols (such as staying
    indoors).
7. In general, all operations will be conducted in accordance with the FAA's March 23 2015
    "blanket" COA for operations under 200' AGL. All prospective data collections falling outside the
    blanket COA parameters, such as operations within 5 NM of a tower controlled airport will be
    conducted under individual COA applications submitted through the FAA's UAS Civil COA Portal.
8. Each UAS data collection mission will be conducted in accordance with an individualized plan of
    operation that, at a minimum, plans for flight-time, flight lines, altitudes, PIC and VO locations,
    LZs and lines of sight, obstacles, ground elevations, pre-operation site inspection, analysis of
    topographic obstacles, restricted areas, NAS designations, potential on-ground safety
    considerations, loss of communication protocols, emergency procedures, and collision
    avoidance procedures for other manned and unmanned aircraft. All pre-operation planning will
    be done in a Geographic Information System that includes lidar or other existing elevation data,
         airspace horizontal and vertical boundaries, towers, transmission lines, trees and other
         obstructions, landing areas, and requirements for minimum weather and visibility conditions.
    9. Each data collection operation will be logged with all details of the operation on a flight-by-flight
         basis.
    10. All other conditions and limitations specified by the Section 333 Exemption, including UAS
         "return to base," loss of communication protocols, and any other condition not described
         herein, will be complied with.

    f) Summary for publication in the Federal Register

CC Patterson & Associates is an environmental consulting firm engaged in processing airborne remote
sensing data for planning and monitoring habitat restoration and other conservation projects. In our
petition, we request that an exemption be granted from certain regulations defined in 14 CFR 21(H),
14 CFR 43.7, 43.11, 45.11, 45.23(b), 45.27, and 45.29; 14 CFR 61.23(a) and (c), 61.113(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b). These exemptions are similar or identical in nature to those currently being
granted by the FAA under Section 333 for similar survey and mapping operations by other small
businesses.

Appendix 1          Subject                   Justification

 FAR section        Airworthiness Certification Not applicable to small UAS.
 14 CFR 21(H)

14 CFR 43.7, 43.11, 45.11 , 45.21, 45.23(b) Display of placards, records Not applicable to UAS due to

45.27, 45.29        and markings on aircraft  small size.

14 CFR § 91.119(c)  Minimum safe altitudes    Separation from manned
14 CFR § 91.121     Altimeter settings        aircraft by UAV dictates lower
14 CFR § 91.151(a)  Fuel requirements         operating altitudes

                                              Not applicable to small UAS
                                              ops

                                              Not applicable to small UAS
                                              ops
 14 CFR § 91.405 (a)    Maintenance          Not necessary to assure small
                                             UAS operation safety. PIC
 14 CFR § 91.407(a1)    Return to service    inspection substituted in
 14 CFR § 91.409(a1,2)  Annual inspection    operating procedures

 14 CFR § 91.417(a,b)   Maintenance records  Not applicable to small UAS
                                             oNpost necessary to assure small
Appendix 2                                   UAS operation safety.
 UAS Specification                           Implementing all manufacturer
 Aircraft type                               recommendations and
 Weight                                      operator responsibility
 Size (diagonal width)                       substituted in operating
 Maximum Speed                               procedures
 GNSS positioning
 Payload                                     Not necessary to assure small
                                             UAV operation safety. Mfg.
                                             recs and operator
                                             responsibility subst.

                        DJI Phantom 3        DJI Inspire 1
                        Quadcopter           Quadcopter

                        1.20 kg              2.93 kg

                        35 cm                58cm

                        16m/s (36 mph)       22 m/s (49 mph)

                        GPS/GLONASS (autonomous) GPS/GLONASS (autonomous)

                        12mp digital camera and 3- 12mp digital camera and 3-axis

                        axis gimbal          gimbal
Remote control communications Frequency 2.400Ghz - 2.483Ghz  2.400Ghz - 2.483Ghz
range                                                        5.725Ghz ­ 5.825Ghz

Max communications range  2000m (unobstructed line of 2000m (unobstructed line of

                          sight)                             sight)

Flight Battery Capacity/Max Flight Duration 4480mAh/ 23 min (approx) 5700mAh/ 18 min (approx)
