June 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11853
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1169

Mr. Brett Burke
Owner/President
CCLD Technologies Inc
2705 Faith Industrial Drive
Buford, GA 30519

Dear Mr. Burke:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of CCLD Technologies Inc (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct commercial
operations for inspections for cell phone towers and other tall structures.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the Aibotix X6.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CCLD Technologies Inc is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CCLD Technologies Inc is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aibotix X6 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
CCLD Technologies Inc

2705 Faith Industrial Drive,

Buford GA, 30519
Email: bburke@ccldtech.com

Petition: March 24th 2015

U.S Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
Federal Aviation Administration
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE, Washington DC 20590

Subject: Request for exemption of certain conditions from the Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations (14 CFR) for CCLD Technologies.

Sir or Madam:
CCLD Technologies Inc. is here by requesting exemption from specific regulations of Title 14 of
the Code of Federal Regulations. These exemptions are in accordance with the Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
According to current FAA rules and regulations all recreational unmanned aviation flying must
be kept below 400 feet AGL and the pilot must keep line of sight on the aircraft.
CCLD Technologies Inc. is requesting for the permission of the FAA to be able to use a
unmanned Ariel vehicle for commercial use to fly and inspect cell phone towers, and other tall
structures for consumers. In doing so CCLD will abide by all FAA regulations such as, staying
under 2,000 feet AGL and will not fly in restricted areas. If exemption is allowed, CCLD will be
able to provide high definition Laser scanning as well as Thermal Imaging for inspections to
detect cracking in towers, bridges, and other structures, as well as provide full data extraction for
construction companies for build outs, as built surveys and progression builds. Being able to
conduct such inspections will help each state's Department of Transportation detect and correct
any bridge, road or structure damage before it causes harm for the community.

In order to maintain a completely safe operating environment CCLD will not, in any
circumstances will never enter Class B, C, or D airspaces. CCLD will also keep all awareness of
any TFR's, restricted/prohibited areas. CCLD will not come within three nautical miles of any
active airfields or airports. We will fly in areas that we have been given clearance to fly in, and
file NOTAMs at least 24 hours to operating. CCLD will notify all parties affected by the area
being flown by our UAV. CCLD will conduct and receive any prior authorizations required from
local areas before flight is confirmed.

AIRCRAFT DISCRPTION:

CCLD Technologies would be operating with the Aibotix X6. This is a 6 bladed multi rotor
aircraft that weighs less than 14 pounds. It is made of Carbon Fiber Reinforced Polymer. Its dead
weight is 7 pounds; its takeoff weight is 10.3 pounds. Its max speed is 31 MPH. 30 minute flight
times. It is equipped with accelerometer, magnetometer, barometer, ultrasonic sensors and
gyroscope. It operates on Lithium- Polymer 10,000 Milliamp batteries. This is a (VTOL)
Vertical Takeoff and landing aircraft.

CCLD Inc. will operate an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 14 pounds and is bright green
in color, which will make it highly visible and identifiable. Our Aircraft will possess all
programmable failsafe's such as lost communications, lost geospatial positioning, and lost
magneto features, as well as instantaneous overrides. All operations with our UAV will be kept
in the line of sight of the pilot. It will not cause hazard to users or any surrounding by standers or
to the users of the national airspace system, or pose a threat to the national security. The UAS
will maintain 2 way communication with all crewmembers and observers as well as the local
CTAF or other necessary operational frequencies during the flight.

With this petition CCLD Technologies Inc. is requesting an examination of its UAS by the FAA
to be exempt from certain parts of Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations.

CCLD Technologies Inc. will use the Aibotix x6 aircraft strictly for business purposes. We will
operate under all normal conditions at a speed no more than 22 knots (KIAS) and has the
capability to hover. We will always be kept in line of sight of pilot in control. Operation
guidelines are within the 100 foot radius surrounding the telecommunications or utility structure
and under 400 feet AGL.

REQUEST FOR EXEPTION FROM:

§21.1(a)(1)(iii): This part prescribes procedural requirements for issuing and changing
airworthiness certificates.
Reason for Exemption:

CCLD Technologies Inc. requests approval to produce documentation verified and signed by a
licensed A&P which states that that the aircraft in use will adhere to the MIL-HDBK-516B
Airworthiness Certification Criteria in lieu of any conventional aircraft airworthiness processes
until such time as the administration establishes a standard for national regulation for
commercial unmanned aircraft operations pursuant to Report 112-381.

§61.113(a): No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

Reason for Exemption:

CCLD Technologies INC. will not pilot any aircraft carrying passengers or property. However
we do request approval to operate in a commercial capacity for compensation or hire for the
purposes of doing inspections on tall structures, and roadways until such time as the
administration establishes a standard for national regulation for commercial unmanned aircraft
operations pursuant to Report 112-381. CCLD Technologies employs a private pilot single
engine land; rotorcraft ­ helicopter certificate holder who can competently act as pilot in
command over the unmanned aircraft.

§91.203(a)(1): Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
within it the following: An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S.
airworthiness certificate used to comply with this subparagraph.

Reason for Exemption:

CCLD Technologies Inc. requests approval to produce documentation verified and signed by a
licensed A&P which states that that the particular aircraft in use will adhere to the MIL-HDBK-
516B Airworthiness Certification Criteria in lieu of any conventional aircraft airworthiness
processes required by Part 91.203(a)(1) until such time as the administration establishes a
standard for national regulation for commercial unmanned aircraft operations pursuant to Report
112-381. The airworthiness documentation based on MIL-HDBK-516B will be accessible by
the ground based flight crew during all operations.

§91.203(a)(2): Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
within it the following: An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for
operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as
provided for in §47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign
country.

Reason for Exemption:

CCLD Technologies Inc. requests exemption from producing registration for its aircraft. This
request couples with the request for exemption for airworthiness under §21.1(a)(1)(iii) in this
petition. This request acknowledges Order 8130.20 regarding registration requirements for
United States civil aircraft seeking airworthiness and requests relief until such time as the
administration establishes a standard for national regulation for commercial unmanned aircraft
operations pursuant to Report 112-381.

Reason for Exemption:

Given the unmanned nature of the aircraft, CCLD Technologies Inc. requests that it be approved
to have an airworthiness documentation based on MIL-HDBK-516B accessible to the ground
based flight crew at all times.

§91.9(b)(2): No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft For which an Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the
aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material,
markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Reason for Exemption:

CCLD Technologies Inc. will be operating small, unmanned aircraft that do not possess a type
certificate, relieving it of the requirements for §21.5. Given the nature of the unmanned aircraft,
CCLD Technologies Inc. wishes to require an aircraft manual present with the flight crew at
ground level in lieu of making the aircraft manual available in the aircraft.

CCLD Technologies is a telecommunication company that has been in operation for 16 years.
We have formed and held many multi-million dollar accounts in which we have done service for
in the past. CCLD Technologies plans to monitor and inspect all aspects of the safety portion of
the Departments of Transportation, ensuring the public roadways and bridges are safe for the
population to travel on.

Pilots:

All pilots will maintain currency on the UAS by performing at least three launch and recovery
operations that include maneuvering within the preceding 90 days.

Name: Cory O'Leary

Specs:

Private Pilot License

Training completed a Delta Connection Academy in Sanford, FL.

AMA Member

Certified since 2009.

Observer's:
All observers will maintain relevant currency according to FAR part 61 and be updated on all
current UAS protocol. In addition to that all observers will meet the following requirements:
1. FAR Part 91 training
2. Knowledge of the capabilities of the unmanned aircraft in operation
3. Crew Resource training
4. Participation in preflight planning and mission planning
5. Capacity to visually and audibly detect aircraft intrusions exceeding one nautical mile.

CCLD Technologies Inc. holds the highest regard for the rules and regulations of the FAA in
protecting the general public as well as not to disrupt or interfere with the United States National
Airspace System.
On Behalf of all UAS advocates in both the public and private sections who are working toward
a safe integration of the UAS world and the NAS world, we want to thank you for your
consideration of this petition for exception, an also look forward to your comments and or
feedback on how we can continue to expand this outstanding technology.

Brett Burke

Owner/ President
CCLD Technologies Inc.
bburke@ccldtech.com
www.ccldtech.com
