August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12359
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1806

Mr. Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
Attorney at Law
1131 Carol Lane
Glencoe, IL 60022

Dear Mr. Perritt:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of CD Aero Services, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection and training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received eleven comments in support of the petition made to the docket.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom, DJI Spreading Wings S1000+, and
DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CD Aero Services, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CD Aero Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom, DJI
    Spreading Wings S1000+, and DJI Inspire 1when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
                                                                                                            4

    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                          Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
                            Attorney at Law

                                                1131 Carol Lane
                                               Glencoe, IL 60022
                                             hperritt@gmail.com

                                                 (312) 504-5001

11 May 2015

Hon. Michael Huerta
Administrator
Federal Aviation Administration
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Summary Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
of the Federal Aviation Regulations from certain parts of the FARs.

Dear Administrator Huerta:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, CD Aero Service, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company
doing business as Midwestern Helicopters (the "Petitioner"), hereby applies for a
summary exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow it
to operate small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") for training and aerial data
collection, under the conditions and limitations set forth in this Petition.

The requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and
relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited,
(2) predetermined, and (3) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe
training and aerial imagery operations presently using manned helicopters and
airplanes. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the FAA
Administrator's responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

1
The name and address of the applicant is:

         CD Aero Services, LLC dba Midwestern Helicopters
         Attn: Christopher Laskey
         4810 76th Street,
         Kenosha, WI 53142
Correspondence should be directed to:

         Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
         Attorney at Law
         1131 Carol Lane
         Glencoe, IL 60022
         hperritt@gmail.com
         (312) 504-5001

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

         14 CFR Part 21

         14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)

         14 CFR § 61.3

         14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a)

         14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)

         14 C.F.R. § 91.103

         14 C.F.R. § 91.109

         14 C.F. R. § 91.119

         14 C.F.R. § 91.121

         14 CFR § 91.151 (a)

         14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)

         14 CFR § 91.205(b)

         14 CFR § 91.215
2
         14 CFR § 91.405 (a)

         14 CFR § 407 (a) (1)

         14 CFR § 409 (a) (2)

         14 CFR § 417 (a) & (b)

Appendix 1 describes the FARs from which an exemption is requested and summarizes
the justification for each requested exemption.

The Petition is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal under Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)
before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In
making this determination, the Administrator must determine which types of UASs do
not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security
in light of the following:

         · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

         · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

         · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a).

If the Administrator determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).

The Secretary has delegated his aviation authority to the Administrator of the FAA.

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to grant exemptions
from its regulatory requirements for civil aircraft, a term defined under § 40101 of the
Act, which includes sUASs. The Administrator may grant an exemption from a
requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any
sections 44702-44716 of the Federal Aviation Act if Administrator finds the exemption
in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) See also 49 USC § 44711(a); 49 USC § 44704; 14
CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

3
CD Aero Services, LLC, doing business as Midwestern Helicopters. is a Wisconsin
limited liability company (WI Department of Financial Institutions entity ID C061295).
It is a provider of a broad range of helicopter services, from scenic tours to supplying a
unique platform for aerial photography, aerial tours, aerial survey, crop pollination,
helicopter rental, helicopter sales, helicopter rides at customer events,, heated helicopter
storage, maintenance, pipeline patrol, powerline patrol, real estate survey, scenic tours,
search and rescue, and helicopter rides.

It offers ground and flight instruction leading to private, commercial, ATP, CFI, and
instrument helicopter ratings and gyroplane instruction leading to the gyroplane sport
pilot rating.

Christopher J. Laskey owns CD Aero Services, LLC. He holds commercial helicopter,
helicopter flight instructor, and private airplane single engine land ratings. He has been
flying helicopters since 1966, has a total of about 6,000 hours. His experience includes
over 1200 hours of "Huey" time in Vietnam with the 1st Cavalry Division. After his
service in Vietnam, he taught military pilots for two years. His flight experience also
includes work as a traffic helicopter pilot over Chicago, Ag work, TV photo work,
multimedia film work, long line sling load work, police work, animal control, night
surveillance work, medical evacuation. He also has experience flying sUAS for
recreational purposes.

Few competing firms in the Midwest are as well-equipped as the Petitioner to offer
sUAS training and commercial aerial data collection. Other flight schools and
commercial helicopter and airplane operators in the Chicago metropolitan area are
talking actively about offering sUAS services.

The Petitioner has been advised by counsel that this is not now permissible unless he
obtains special permission from the FAA. Few if any of these operators have section 333
exceptions or other approvals. Some of them may be tempted to offer sUAS services
outside any regulatory framework. If the Petitioner is shut out of this market because of
its commitment to follow the law, while this irregular competition flourishes, the result
will be bad for aviation safety.

Petitioner also notes and has read the congressional mandate in sections 332 and 333 of
the FAA Revitalization and Reform Act of 2012 that the FAA move quickly to
accommodate the economic and societal benefits that can result from widespread

4
deployment of sUAS technology. Accordingly, Petitioner applies for authorization
under the Federal Aviation Act, and the FARs rules to undertake the following activities
for commercial purposes. Unless the Petition is granted, Petitioner will be at a
significant competitive advantage if it, as it prefers, complies with FAA policy.

Vehicles

The Petitioner will fly the following sUAS:

     DJI Phantom
     DJI Spreading Wings S1000-plus
     DJI Inspire-1

The DJI vehicles have built in capability to limit the height they fly above the ground, to
limit the radius of the distance the fly from the operator, and to exclude them from class
B, C, and D airspace. The vehicles also have the built-in capability to return to the
launching point if the wireless control link is interrupted or if the operator attempts to
exceed any of the height, radius, or airspace limitations programmed into it.

The FAA has granted section 333 exemptions for both of these vehicles, in First Flight
Photography, LLC, Exemption No. 11260, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0736 (as

Appendix 2 provides specifications for the vehicles.

Flight profiles

The Petitioner will program its aircraft so that they will not fly above 400 feet above
ground level, or more than 1500 feet away from the operator. The operator will
carefully preflight the vehicle before each mission to assure that its compass and GPS
system are properly calibrated and that the return-to-home feature, altitude, and radius
limitations work.

The operator will operate its vehicles on aerial data collection, aerial photography and
videography, news gathering, training, and demonstration missions only under the
following circumstances:

    1. The UA will not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour).
         In no case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA
         operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

5
    2. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
         level (AGL). Altitude will be reported in feet AGL.

    3. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         The PIC will use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
         lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S.
         driver's license.

    4. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA will be operated
         within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO
         may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always
         maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC will be able to communicate orally
         at all times; electronic messaging or texting will not occur during flight
         operations. The PIC will be designated before the flight and will not transfer his
         or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO
         can perform the duties required of the VO.

    5. The requested exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and
         conduct its operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations of the
         requested grant of exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating
         documents. The operating documents will be accessible during UAS operations
         and will be made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
         exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
         procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations
         will take precedence and be followed. Otherwise, the operator will follow the
         procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or
         revise its operating documents, and track such revisions and present updated
         and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
         upon request.

    6. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis
         upon which the FAA granted the requested exemption, the operator will petition
         for an amendment to its grant of exemption.

    7. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
         operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
         will undergo a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under
         the requested exemption. Functional test flights will only be conducted by a PIC
         with a VO and will remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional test

6
         flight will be conducted in such a manner so as not to pose an undue hazard to
         persons and property.
    8. The operator is will maintain and inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
         condition for safe operation.
    9. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine
         the UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection will account for
         all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If
         the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
         aircraft will not be operated until the necessary maintenance has been performed
         and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.
    10. The operator will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
         components.
    11. Each UAS operated under the requested exemption will comply with all
         manufacturer safety bulletins.
    12. All PICs will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or
         sport pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical
         certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
         Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The
         PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in
         an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
    13. The operator will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
         ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will
         be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers
         and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
         structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency will be logged in a manner
         consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the
         operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and
         determining the PIC's ability safely to operate the UAS in a manner consistent
         with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption will occur under the
         terms of the requested exemption. Training operations will only be conducted
         during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-
         building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered

7
         nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UA with appropriate distance from
         nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.
    14. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
         All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
         Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
    15. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
         (ARP) as denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for
         airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on
         the current FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with
         that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued
         to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management
         will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
         request.
    16. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
         horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
         PIC.
    17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the operator will cause
         the UA to return to a predetermined location within the private or controlled-
         access property.
    18. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.
    19. The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
         conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended
         operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
         power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
    20. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
         exemption holder will apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
         operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the COA attached to the
         requested exemption.
    21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be identified by
         serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
         C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

8
    22. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the
         UAS and any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be
         available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
         aircraft is operating.

    23. These documents will be made available to the Administrator or any law
         enforcement official upon request.

    24. The UA will remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
         activities at all times.

    25. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
    26. All Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

         persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
                  operator will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                  protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                  protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations will cease
                  immediately in a manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons'
                  and
             b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                  permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a
                  safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and
                  determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

    27. The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
         nonparticipating persons under the requested exemption.

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be
         reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
         Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         according to instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

    29. Further to protect the interests of the operators of other aircraft and of persons
         and property on the ground, Petitioner will maintain liability insurance coverage
         for all of its sUAS operations.

The Petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the criteria provided in Section 333 of the
Reform Act relating to size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports

9
and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security. The
Petition justifies grant of the requested exemptions allow the Petitioner to obtain aerial
photography with its sUAS.

Granting the petition would be in the public interest because:

    1. The Congress of the United States has determined that early accommodation of
         sUAS into the National Airspace System advances the public interest. The
         Committee Report leading the House to adopted H.R. 658 said:

         "The successful integration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) into the
         National Airspace System (NAS) can support more than 23,000 high-paying jobs
         in the United States. . . . The absence of a plan to integrate UASs into the NAS is a
         barrier to such job creation . . . ."1

         Granting the Petition represents a step toward such integration, in the absence of
         a comprehensive regulatory regime for sUAS, and thus would serve the
         Congressional goal and the public interest.

    2. Granting the Petition would facilitate the creation, display, and public
         distribution of art, long recognized as advancing the public interest. They are at
         the core of the activities that the First Amendment to the United States
         Constitution seeks to promote and to protect from governmental restrictions.

         Creative photography and video art fall well within the First Amendment's
         protections. "Entertainment, as well as political and ideological speech, is
         protected; motion pictures, programs broadcast by radio and television, and live
         entertainment, such as musical and dramatic works fall within the First
         Amendment guarantee. "2

1 H. R. Rep. 112-29 on H.R. 658, 112th Cong., 1st Sess. at 116. The House-Senate
Conference Committee on the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
recommended amendments to H.R. 658 in lieu of amendments adopted by the Senate.
Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 658, H.R. Rep. 112-381, 112th Cong., 2d Sess., at
p. 1 (Feb. 1, 2012).
2 Schad v. Borough of Mount Ephraim, 452 U.S. 61, 65 (1981); White v. City of Sparks,
500 F.3d 953, 956 (9th Cir. 2007) (holding that self-expression through painting is
10
    3. Granting the Petition would enable new forms of news coverage, enabling the
         public to know about and to understand newsworthy events, an activity
         similarly within the core of First Amendment protections. 3

    4. Granting the petition would enable Petitioner to demonstrate the commercial
         viability of creating art and gathering news with new aeronautical technology
         Commercial creative art is protected as well as non-commercial art.4 The Patents
         and Copyrights Clause of the United States Constitution and the copyright
         statute's protection of visual art and audiovisual works embody the proposition
         that more creative effort with respect to these kinds of work will be exerted when
         the creators are allowed to be paid for their works, thus increasing the
         production of artistic works.

         Granting the petition will allow the petitioner to respond to economic incentives
         to increase its creative production. The result will be an increase in the stock of
         artistic photography, including video for public enjoyment.

         A significant part of the Petitioner's activities involve capturing and
         disseminating visual representations of newsworthy events. Receiving
         compensation for these newsgathering activities using traditional technologies

protected by the First Amendment; rejecting city's argument that protection requires a
political message); Hoffman v. Capital Cities/ABC, Inc., 255 F.3d 1180 (9th Cir. 2001)
(reversing judgment for plaintiff; use of photograph of actor as part of fashion article
was protected by First Amendment despite commercial purpose); Edme v. Internet
Brands, Inc., 968 F. Supp.2d 519, 529-530 (E.D. N.Y. 2013) (denying summary judgment
on statutory right of publicity claim; "newsworthy" broadly construed to allow public to
benefit from visual images); Hill v. Public Advocate of the United States, ___ F. Supp.2d
___ , Civil Action No. 12­cv­02550­WYD­KMT, 2014 WL 1293524 (D. Colo. Mar. 31,
2014) (holding that photograph of gay marriage was within First Amendment
protection despite its use for political purposes; discussing how access to photograph
advances the public interest).
3 Glik v. Cunniffe, 655 F.3d 78, 83-84 (1st Cir. 2011) (citing cases holding that news
photography is will with First Amendment protection and that protection extends to
ordinary citizens as well as reporters; affirming denial of immunity to police officers in
section 1983 suit by citizen who was arrested for using cellphone camera to photograph
arrest).
4 White, 500 F.3d at 956-957.
11
         incentivizes Petitioner, resulting in greater output of news. The new technologies
         embodied in sUAS enable different perspectives on the news not easily
         obtainable by traditional means. Allowing Petitioner to be compensated for
         using the new technologies will provide an incentive for it to intensify its
         collection and dissemination efforts.

         The rules from which Petitioner seeks exemption artificially and irrationally limit
         the effective use of new technologies to enhance news gathering, thereby
         subverting the public interest.

    5. Granting the Petition will fulfill the FAA's own declaration that encouraging
         new aviation technologies advances the public interest. The FAA itself has
         recognized the public interest in its role of "Encouraging and developing civil
         aeronautics, including new aviation technology."5 Granting the Petition will
         enhance FAA fulfillment of that commitment, thereby serving the public interest.
         Air commerce flourishes in the United States because of the rapid pace of
         innovation in aeronautical and associated technologies, followed by their
         commercialization and their introduction of the marketplace. The drone
         technology that the Petitioner uses exemplifies the latest innovative leap forward
         in aeronautical technology. Preventing it from using this in air commerce
         subverts achievement of the goal.

    6. Granting the Petition will fulfill the Congressional determination that integrating
         sUAS technology into the NAS serves the public interest. Section 330 of the FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, specifically recognizes the advantages to
         air commerce obtainable from the deployment of sUAS technologies. It
         mandated several steps by the FAA to accelerate the availability of these
         technologies in the National Airspace System, thereby representing a
         congressional determination that the public interest is served by making these
         technologies more widely available at the earliest practicable date. The Petition
         represents a way for the FAA to move incrementally, while still satisfying its
         congressional mandate and meeting its obligation to enhance the public interest
         by making new technologies available by allowing the use of sUAS technologies

5 FAA, Safety: The Foundation of Everything We Do,
http://www.faa.gov/about/safety_efficiency/.
12
         in a manner that protects the public and the rest of the aviation community from
         significant risk.

         The commercial activities by Petitioner proposed in the Petition represent
         contributions to new forms of air commerce, thereby fulfilling the FAA's
         statutory mandate under the 2012 Act.

    7. Granting the Petition will enhance aviation safety, thereby advancing the public
         interest. The Petitioner's flight training activities proposed in the Petition will
         serve the public interest because they will represent a pathway, not yet widely
         available, for aspiring sUAS operators to obtain formal training in a context that
         links them to the safety-conscious culture of manned aviation. This will produce
         more careful, knowledgeable, and skilled sUAS operators, who will understand
         and avoid risks to other aircraft and to persons or property on the ground.

    8. The Petitioner has committed itself in the Petition to safety practices that reduce
         or eliminate hazards to aircraft in the National Airspace System and to persons
         and property on the ground. Many others are flying sUAS without regard to
         these hazards. Granting the Petition will offer the Petitioner up as an example of
         how the FAA is willing to accommodate the new technology when it is
         constrained by appropriate limitations to enhance safety. It will also allow the
         Petitioner to be a role model for safe commercial sUAS operations.

         Users of the National Airspace System are confronted by mushrooming threats
         from sUAS flown in defiance of the FAA's ban. Unless the FAA shows some
         flexibility to accommodate lawful and safe operation of sUAS for legitimate
         commercial purposes, the level of defiance will increase, intensifying the hazards
         to manned aircraft and to persons and property on the ground.

The Petition to use a UAS for aerial data collection and its proposed limitations are
similar in all material respects to those approved by the FAA in Grants of Exemption
Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc.
(see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0382), 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642) and
11310 to Colin Hinkle (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0608). In those grants the FAA found
that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the
specifications described by the Petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather

13
than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to
flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by
this exemption is in the public interest.
The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, 11213,
and 11310 also apply to the situation presented by this Petition.
Respectfully submitted,

Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
Counsel for
CD Aero Services, LLC.

14
                           Appendix 1

FAR section                Subject                     Justification
14 CFR § 45.23(b)          Requirement to display      Insufficient space on
14 CFR Part 21             registration number on      vehicle
14 CFR § 61.3              vehicle
                           Aircraft certification      Designed for manned
14 CFR § 91.7 (a)          requirements and            aircraft; not suitable for
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)      procedures                  off-the-shelf sUAS
14 CFR § 91.103(b)         Requirement for pilot       Part 61 requirements
14 CFR § 91.109            certificate                 designed for manned
14 CFR § 91.119                                        aircraft, not sUAS; petition
14 CFR § 91.121            Airworthiness               describes training for
14 CFR § 91.151(a)         requirement                 sUAS operator
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)                              Designed for manned
                           Requirement for manual      aircraft; not suitable for
14 CFR § 91.205(b)         to be available in the      off-the-shelf sUAS
14 CFR § 91.215            cockpit                     No one aboard to read
                           Requirement for crew        manual
14 CFR § 91.405 (a)        members to be onboard
15                         Requirement for dual        Unmanned vehicle
                           controls during flight
                           instruction                 No one aboard to operate
                           Minimum altitudes for       controls
                           safe flight
                           Altimeter settings          Safety requires operation
                                                       below these altitudes
                           Fuel requirements           No one aboard to read
                           Requirement for             altimeter
                           registration and            Vehicle does not use fuel
                           airworthiness certificates  No one aboard to read
                           to be onboard               certificates
                           Cockpit instruments
                           requirement                 No one aboard to read
                           Transponder requirement     instruments
                                                       Vehicle has insufficient
                           Inspection requirements     useful load; will be
                                                       operated below ATC radar
                                                       coverage
                                                       Designed for manned
                                                       aircraft; not suitable for
14 CFR § 91.407(a) (1)     Inspection approval       off-the-shelf sUAS
14 CFR § 91.409 (a) (2)    requirements              Designed for manned
14 CFR § 91.417 (a) & (b)                            aircraft; not suitable for
                           Airworthiness inspection  off-the-shelf sUAS
                                                     Designed for manned
                           Maintenance records       aircraft; not suitable for
                           requirements              off-the-shelf sUAS
                                                     Designed for manned
                                                     aircraft; not suitable for
                                                     off-the-shelf sUAS

16
                   Appendix 2
             Vehicle specifications

DJI Phantom

17
Basic Parameters              Operating Temperature

                              -10°C ~ 50°C

                              Power Consumption

                              3.12W

                              Take-Off Weight

                              <1200g

                              Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)

                              Vertical: 0.8m
                              Horizontal: 2.5m

                              Max Yaw Angular Velocity

                              200°/s

                              Max Tilt Angle

                              45°

                              Max Ascent / Descent Speed

                              6m/s

                              Max Flight Velocity

                              10m/s

                              Diagonal Distance (Motor Center To Motor Center)

                              350mm

                              Phantom Prop Guard

                              Weight(Single):18.7g
                              Size(Single): Angle(155.0°) Radius(112.32mm)
                              Whole Size with Four Prop Guards: 575.5mm

ESC Sound Introduction        Ready

                              1234567

                              Throttle Stick Is Not At Bottom

                              BBBBBB...

                              Input Signal Abnormal

                              B----­B----­B...

                              Input Voltage Abnormal

                              BB--BB--BB--BB...

Charger & Battery Parameters  Charger AC Input
18
                              100-240V

                              Charge Current
TX Parameters  1A/2A/3A

DJI Inspire 1  Current Drain For Balancing

Aircraft       200mA
19
               Power

               20W

               Battery Type

               LiPo

               Working Frequency

               2.4GHz ISM

               Control Channels

               7 Channels

               Communication Distance

               1000m

               Receiver Sensitivity1%PER

               -100dBm

               Power Consumption Of TX

               20dBm

               Working Current /Voltage

               52 mA@6V

               AA Battery

               4 Required

               Model
               T600
               Weight (Battery Included)
               2935 g
               Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)
               Vertical: 0.5 m
               Horizontal: 2.5 m
               Max Angular Velocity
               Pitch: 300°/s
               Yaw: 150°/s
               Max Tilt Angle
Gimbal  35°

Camera  Max Ascent Speed
20      5 m/s
        Max Descent Speed
        4 m/s

        Max Speed
        22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)

        Max Flight Altitude
        4500 m
        Max Wind Speed Resistance
        10 m/s

        Max Flight Time
        Approximately 18 minutes

        Motor Model
        DJI 3510
        Propeller Model
        DJI 1345

        Indoor Hovering
        Enabled by default

        Operating Temperature Range
        -10° to 40° C
        Diagonal Distance
        559 to 581 mm

        Dimensions
        438x451x301 mm

        Model
        ZENMUSE X3

        Output Power (With Camera)
        Static: 9 W
        In Motion: 11 W

        Operating Current
        Station: 750 mA
        Motion: 900 mA

        Angular Vibration Range
        ±0.03°

        Mounting
        Detachable

        Controllable Range
        Pitch: -90° to +30°
        Pan: ±320°

        Mechanical Range
        Pitch: -125° to +45°
        Pan: ±330°

        Max Controllable Speed
        Pitch: 120°/s
        Pan: 180°/s

        Name
        X3

        Model
Remote Controller  FC350
21
                   Total Pixels
                   12.76M

                   Effective Pixels
                   12.4M

                   Image Max Size
                   4000x3000

                   ISO Range
                   100-3200 (video)
                   100-1600 (photo)

                   Electronic Shutter Speed
                   8s  1/8000s

                   FOV (Field Of View)
                   94°

                   CMOS
                   Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                   Lens
                   20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at 
                   9 Elements in 9 groups
                   Anti-distortion

                   Still Photography Modes
                   Single shoot
                   Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                   Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias
                   Time-lapse

                   Video Recording Modes
                   UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                   FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
                   HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

                   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                   60 Mbps

                   Supported File Formats
                   FAT32/exFAT
                   Photo: JPEG, DNG
                   Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                   Supported SD Card Types
                   Micro SD
                   Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

                   Operating Temperature Range
                   0° to 40° C

                   Name
                   C1

                   Operating Frequency
                   922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                   5.725~5.825 GHz
                   2.400~2.483 GHz

                   Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
                   2 km

                   EIRP
                   10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
Charger             Video Output Port
Battery (Standard)  USB, mini-HDMI

22                  Power Supply
                    Built-in battery

                    Charging
                    DJI charger

                    Dual User Capability
                    Host-and-Slave connection

                    Mobile Device Holder
                    Tablet or Phone

                    Max Mobile Device Width
                    170mm

                    Output Power
                    9W

                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10° to 40° C

                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0-40° C
                    Battery
                    6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                    Model
                    A14-100P1A

                    Voltage
                    26.3 V

                    Rated Power
                    100 W

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery
                    Model
                    TB47

                    Capacity
                    4500 mAh

                    Voltage
                    22.2 V
                    Battery Type
                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery

                    Energy
                    99.9 Wh

                    Net Weight
                    570 g
                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10° to 40° C

                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
Battery (Optional)  Charging Temperature Range
                    0° to 40° C
Vision Positioning  Max Charging Power
DJI Pilot App       180 W

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery
                    Model
                    TB48
                    Capacity
                    5700 mAh
                    Voltage
                    22.8 V
                    Battery Type
                    LiPo 6S
                    Energy
                    129.96 Wh
                    Net Weight
                    670 g
                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10° to 40° C
                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0° to 40° C
                    Max Charging Power
                    180 W

                    Velocity Range
                    Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
                    Altitude Range
                    5-500 cm
                    Operating Environment
                    Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
                    Operating Range
                    0-250 cm

                    Mobile Device System Requirements
                    iOS 8.0 or later
                    Android 4.1.2 or later
                    Supported Mobile Devices
                    * Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air Wi-Fi + C
                    Cellular, iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is optimized for iP
                    * Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3
                    *Support for additional Android devices available as testing and development cont

DJI Spreading Wings S1000

23
Frame                            Diagonal Wheelbase
                                 1045mm

                                 Frame Arm Length
                                 386mm

                                 Frame Arm Weight

                                 (Including Motor, ESC, Propeller )
                                 325g

                                 Center Frame Diameter
                                 337.5mm

                                 Center Frame Weight (With Landing Gear Mounting Base, Servos)
                                 1330g

                                 Landing Gear Size
                                 460mm (Length) ×511mm (Width) ×305mm (Height), (Top width: 155 mm)

Motor                            Stator Size
                                 41×14mm

                                 KV
                                 400rpm/V

                                 Max Power
                                 500W

                                 Weight(With Cooling Fan)
                                 158g

ESC                              Working Current
                                 40A

                                 Working Voltage
                                 6S LiPo

                                 Signal Frequency
                                 30Hz ~ 450Hz

                                 Drive PWM Frequency
                                 8KHz

                                 Weight(With Radiators)
                                 35g

Foldable Propeller (1552/1552R)  Material
                                 High strength performance engineered plastics

                                 Size
                                 15×5.2inch

                                 Weight
                                 13g

Flight Parameters                Takeoff Weight
                                 6.0Kg ~ 11.0Kg

                                 Total Weight
                                 4.2Kg

                                 Power Battery
                                 LiPo (6S10000mAh~20000mAh15C(Min))

                                 Max Power Consumption
                                 4000W

                                 Hover Power Consumption

24
Gain Value Settings  1500W (@9.5Kg Takeoff Weight)
                     Hover Time
                     15min (@15000mAh & 9.5Kg Takeoff Weight)
                     Working Environment Temperature
                     -10 °C ~ +40 °C

                     For A2 Flight Controller
                     Basic: Roll 120%, Pitch 120%, Yaw 120%
                     Attitude: Roll 170%, Pitch 170%, Vertical 120%
                     For WooKong-M Flight Controller
                     Basic: Roll 180%, Pitch 180%, Yaw 120%
                     Attitude: Roll 180%, Pitch 180%, Vertical 120%

25
