May 29, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11715
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0835

Mr. Lyle Hardin
CDG Engineers
One Campbell Plaza, Suite 3A
St. Louis, MO 63139

Dear Mr. Hardin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of CDG Engineers (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial inspections or
surveys that consist of still photographs or video.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CDG Engineers is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CDG Engineers is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                           One Campbell Plaza
                                           St. Louis, Missouri 63139
                                           T. 314 781 7770 F. 314 781 9075

                                           www.cdgengineers.com

March 25, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation

Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
      Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, CDG Engineers ("CDG"),a multi-discipline, full service engineering firm,
seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below to allow
commercial operation of its UASs so long as such operations are conducted within an under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

The requested exemption would permit commercial operation of CDG's UAS, which is a small,
multi rotor aircraft, weighing less than 30 lbs. including cargo and performs precision aerial

inspections or surveys that consist of still photographs or video taken by an onboard camera.
Applications for these UAS devices and associated data processing functions include mining
and professional surveying as well as inspections of difficult to reach equipment or structures.

Use of the UAS for aerial surveys and inspections reduces the need to operate conventional

aircraft or other equipment for the same purpose and provides very high quality imagery at a
fraction of the cost of surveys and inspections using conventional means. Likewise, inspections
of structures can be safely performed without endangering the inspector or inhibiting local

industrial or public operations with ladders, lifts or other equipment. These savings result in
enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected activities, as well as environmental benefits
and potential savings in both cost and hazards to the public.

The name and address of the applicant is:

CDG Engineers
Attn: Lyle Hardin
One Campbell Plaza
Suite 3A
St. Louis, MO 63139

Phone:  314-466-3532
Email:  LHardin@cdgengineers.com
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 2

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation
to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of
UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:
· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, that includes UASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

CDG Engineers interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only
process applications for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft
conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set
forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 3

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49
USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

CDG Engineers' UAS is a multiblade rotorcraft (DJI Phantom II Vision), weighing less than 30
lbs. including payload. It operates under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 30 knots
and has the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. It
will operate only in line of sight of the pilot and will operate only within the project area. Such
operations will insure that the UAS will not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public.

Given the small size of the UAS involved and the restricted environment within which it will
operate, CDG Engineers falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety)
in which Congress envisioned the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of
UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UAS and the restricted areas in
which the relevant UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security
issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in
environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing UASs for
inspection and survey operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.
Accordingly, CDG Engineers respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

Aircraft and equivalent Level of Safety

CDG Engineers proposes the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at
least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the already safe
photography and surveying operations conducted with conventional aircraft.

These limitations and conditions to which CDG Engineers agrees to be bound when conducting
commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

    1. The UAS will weigh less than 30 lbs.
    2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. Flights will be

         terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 20 minute limit.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 4

    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
    5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot and a Visual Observer.
    6. UAS pilot will be a skilled UAS operator experienced in the type of UAS flown.
    7. UAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC). If a pilot certificate holder other than the UAS

         Pilot, who possess the necessary PIC qualifications, is also present that person can also
         be designated as PIC.
    8. The UAS will only operate within a confined Project Area.
    9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to aerial
         activities. All personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety
         perimeter will be made aware of the UAS filght(s).
    10. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the project and ensure that
         only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation.
    11. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS generally and received up-
         to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated.
    12. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or visuals.
    13. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
    14. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
         jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
         agencies.
    15. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have capability to
         return to a pre-determined location within the Security Perimeter and land.
    16. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.

Description of Specific Regulations:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203(a)(1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the CDG Engineers, an
exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under
Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (0) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. Our small UAS
will be operated at low speed in a controlled environment at least five miles from an airport. An
analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness
certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 5

safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The UAS to be operated hereunder is less than 30 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area. Like other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
controlled and monitored by the operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and under the
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the
area of operation as is currently done on active construction sites. The FAA will have advance
notice of all operations.

These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with
construction sites, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than
conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible
threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of
operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry an external
load no greater than two lbs.

14 C.F.R. 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

This regulation requires certain experimental, provisionally certificated aircraft, or light sport
category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high "limited,"
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each entrance to a cabin, cockpit,
or pilot station.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word
Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its fuselage as
required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAS will see the
identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to
this regulation: Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with
no living thing or cargo on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 6

flights are planned and coordinated in advance. The risks associated with the operation of the
UAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the UAS as requested with a
pilot who is an experienced UAS operator exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14
C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and
use of safety checklists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 CFR 91.9 (b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements

The UAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on
the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.
The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to ensure the
safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will take separate
preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight battery requirements,
checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions in the Preflight Checklist in the
UAS Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. 91.109: Flight Instruction

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

By design, UASs and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. The FAA has previously approved exemptions for aircraft without fully
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 7

functional dual controls. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety
provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to
control the UAS via radio signals from the controller, and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F. R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This
exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a helicopter, with vertical take off and
vertical landing, which will typically operate at altitudes of 200 AGL so an exemption may be
needed to allow such operations. The UAS will never operate at an altitude higher than 400
AGL and will be in a restricted area, where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved
given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight
will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the
advance notice to the property owner and any onsite personnel all affected individuals will be
aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than the maximum 30 lbs. proposed herein and carrying flammable fuel, any
risk associated with our operations is far less than those presently presented with helicopters
and other conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the industry. In addition, the
low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these small UAS operations
and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric
altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the UAS Manual and Safety Check
list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions.
Our UAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments and has a limited range
and flight time which require an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a).
The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 20 minutes of powered flight. This does
not meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 8

CDG Engineers believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area
where only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will
be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.
An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 15 minutes, or enough battery
reserve to ensure that the UAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of battery power
(as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the pilot), whichever happens first. This
restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been granted to other
operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration

The regulation provides in part:
         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless
                        it has within it the following:
                   (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...
         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under
         §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or
         crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 30 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot.
Therefore there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
display them on the UAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground flight
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent
they are applicable to the UAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided
in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 9

Given these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate these
sections will not apply to CDG Engineers. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and
operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS
can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. The operator will
ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance,
and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to
provide the equivalent level of safety.

                                                           ********

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         CDG Engineers seeks an exemption from the following rules:14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H;
14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119;
91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2)
and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (551bs or less) in
construction, mining, surveying, or inspection operations.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UASs in the construction, mining,
surveying, or inspection industry enhances safety while reducing risk. Manned aircraft
monitoring and surveying creates a greater risk because the craft are much larger, have
combustible fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In contrast, a UAS weighing fewer than 30
lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and
lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The UAS will carry no passengers or crew and,
therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 30 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting CDG Engineers from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Page 10

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior
consent and knowledge. Images taken will be of individuals who have also consented to being
filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where aerial photography will take place.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and
operation within visual line of sight and national security -- provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of CDG
Engineers' UASs in construction industry pursuant to the UAS Manual.

Specific Examples of Potential UAS use by CDG:

CDG Engineers currently has available a DJI Phantom II Vision to use if/when permission is
granted. Purchase of a similar yet more advanced model may be pursued at a later date. Use of
this tool would allow CDG to:

    · Inspect existing inaccessible or difficult to access structures such as tops of river cells,
         sides of bridges, industrial rooftops, and smoke stacks. This would save time and money
         and public inconveniences by negating the need to mobilize large lift equipment or close
         roads during bridge or public building inspections.

    · Develop 3D models from imagery collected during flight. Using software to turn
         photographs into scalable 3D models minimizes the need for tape measures and other
         `hands on' surveying tools which can inhibit industrial and public operations as well as be
         a safety issue to the employee and public.

    · Develop land surveys quickly and inexpensively compared to conventional methods.
         Aerial surveys can be conducted on small areas with the UAS negating the need for
         large conventional aircraft and other conventional surveying devices which may inhibit
         industrial or public operations.

    · Enhanced public awareness. Many of CDG Engineers' projects involve public places
         such as bridges, biking/hiking trails, landfill closures, etc. The ability to use up to date
         aerial photography will enable the client and the public to better understand the project.

Lyle Hardin
CDG Engineers
Design Technologies
