May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11566
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0428

Mr. Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
The Aviation Law Firm
1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
Suite 300
Annapolis, MD 21401

Dear Mr. Winton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of CDM Smith Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial acquisitions.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CDM Smith Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CDM Smith Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                     UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                             WASHINGTON, DC

                                Regulatory Docket No. _______________

               IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                             CDM SMITH INC.

     FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                   TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
& (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE

                DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                                   PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

 THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                              Submitted on February 18, 2015

                                                              GREGORY S. WINTON, ESQ.
                                                              JARED M. ALLEN, ESQ.
                                                              THE AVIATION LAW FIRM
                                                              1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                                              Suite 300
                                                              Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                                              Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                                              Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                                              Attorneys for Petitioner
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................5

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.................................................................7
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH CDM SMITH INC.
    SEEKS EXEMPTION ...................................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CDM SMITH INC. SEEKS AND THE REASON CDM
    SMITH INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF............................................................................11
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CDM SMITH INC.'S REQUEST WOULD BE
    IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .....................................................................................15
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..............................................................................18
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..........33
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT CDM SMITH INC.'S REQUEST .......................................................33
CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................34

                                                          2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC          Above Ground Level
ATO          Area of Interest
C.F.R.       Air Traffic Control
COA          Air Traffic Organization
FAA          Code of Federal Regulations
FAR          Certificate of Authorization
FCC          Federal Aviation Administration
GCS          Federal Aviation Regulation
GPS          Federal Communications Commission
NAS          Ground Control Station
NOTAM        Global Positioning System
OEM          National Airspace System
PIC          Notice to Airmen
RTH          Original Equipment Manufacturer
Section 333  Pilot In Command
UA           Return To Home
UAS          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS         Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC          Visual Flight Rules
VO           Visual Line of Sight
VTOL         Visual Meteorological Conditions
             Visual Observer
             Vertical Takeoff and Landing

             3
                                                   SUMMARY
         CDM Smith Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b),
to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit CDM Smith Inc. to operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions
within the National Airspace System (NAS).

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         CDM Smith Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "CDM Smith") is a leading global consulting,
engineering, construction, and operations firm of more than 5,000 professionals delivering
integrated solutions in water, environment, transportation, energy and facilities. CDM Smith's
world headquarters are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

                                               BACKGROUND
                           Unmanned Aircraft System: Phantom 2 Vision UAS
         CDM Smith seeks an exemption to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision UAS (Phantom 2
Vision UAS) for compensation or hire within the NAS. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS is
comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a
transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The Phantom 2 Vision UA has a maximum gross
weight of approximately 5.5 pounds; measures approximately 12 inches in length, 12 inches in
width, and 7 inches in height; and has maximum speed of approximately 30 knots. The Phantom
2 Vision UA is equipped with four rotors, each being driven by a Lithium Polymer battery
powered electric motor.

                                                          4
         The Phantom 2 Vision UA that will be operated by CDM Smith will be registered in
accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft
Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration
Marking.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, CDM Smith Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems,
hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS within the National
Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a)
& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)
& (b).
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, CDM Smith's operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS
meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
         Accordingly, CDM Smith requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
         CDM Smith submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. All maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the Phantom 2
Vision UAS performed by CDM Smith will be in accordance with the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, the

                                                          5
Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start Guide, the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight Battery
Safety Guidelines and the Phantom Pilot Training Guide). Furthermore, only the Original
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher level
inspections and maintenance per the operating documents and OEM standards. CDM Smith will
document and maintain all maintenance records for the Phantom 2 Vision UAS.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by CDM Smith to the extent necessary
to allow the proposed UAS flight operations to be conducted by a Pilot in Command (PIC)
holding a private pilot certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has
demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able
to safely operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.

         CDM Smith seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness,
because the Phantom 2 Vision UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, CDM Smith submits that it will ensure that the
Phantom 2 Vision UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the
UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual,
the Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start Guide, the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight
Battery Safety Guidelines and the Phantom Pilot Training Guide), and that the aircraft is in a
condition for safe flight.

         CDM Smith also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, because the altitude reporting equipment of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is set

                                                          6
to zero feet above ground level (AGL), rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude,
before each flight. The altitude information of the Phantom 2 Vision UA is provided to the PIC
via a barometric pressure sensor, Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment, and a radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path. A level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will be ensured as
the altitude of the Phantom 2 Vision UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet
AGL, and CDM Smith will operate the Phantom 2 Vision UA within visual line of sight, at or
below 400 feet AGL.

         Additionally, CDM Smith seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. CDM Smith submits that
safety will not be affected by operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UA during daylight hours in
visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery
power to fly for a total duration of 20 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery
power remaining).

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, CDM Smith provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:
                  CDM Smith Inc.
                  50 Hampshire Street
                  Cambridge, MA 02139

                                                          7
         The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

                  Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                  The Aviation Law Firm
                  1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway, Suite 300
                  Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                  Tel: (301) 294-8550 | Fax: (866) 568-9886
                  Email: Greg@aviationlawexperts.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which CDM Smith Seeks Exemption.

         1. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
                  And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
         hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
         connection with any business or employment if--

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                  within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                                                          8
                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                  this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available
                  station; or

                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                  the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure;

         4. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),

states the following:

         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
         minutes.

         5. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         6. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7
         of this chapter[.]

         7. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

                                                          9
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 of this chapter.

         8. CDM Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a)
                  And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections,
         as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
         and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                  the work performed; and

                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                  aircraft for return to service.

                  (2) Records containing the following information:

                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                  and each rotor.

                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                                                         10
                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                  the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                  and its appliances are maintained.

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                  safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                  major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers,
                  and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
         performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
         this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks The
         Relief.

         1. Extent of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks Relief
                  From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:

Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private pilot

certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and

currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state

that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any

                                                         11
business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         As set forth more fully below, CDM Smith submits that an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS unless that
PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to
safely operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as set forth herein, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, CDM Smith submits that all flights of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, conducted by
the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to CDM Smith's business;
and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks Relief
                  From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow CDM Smith to determine that the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is in an airworthy
condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating
documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, the Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start Guide,
the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and the Phantom
Pilot Training Guide).

         CDM Smith seeks the requested relief because the Phantom 2 Vision UAS does not
require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore,
CDM Smith will ensure that the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon
its compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and further, determine the
aircraft is in a condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

                                                         12
         3. Extent of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks Relief
                  From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, because the Phantom 2 Vision UA's altitude reporting
equipment may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than local barometric pressure or
field altitude, before each flight. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS utilizes a barometric pressure
sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude
information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS).

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations
stated below. As more fully set forth herein, a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will
be ensured as the altitude of the Phantom 2 Vision UA will be reported to air traffic control
(ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), and CDM Smith will operate the Phantom 2 Vision
UA within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL.

         4. Extent Of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks
                  Relief From Section 91.151(b).

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision UA
during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules
(VFR) for a total duration of 20 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power
remaining). CDM Smith seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section
91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision UA will severely

                                                         13
constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research flight operations that CDM Smith
proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Phantom 2 Vision
UAS, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS operating documents, and CDM Smith's proposed operating
limitations, ensure that CDM Smith will safely operate the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision
UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules
(VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 20 minutes to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes
(i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining).

         5. Extent Of Relief CDM Smith Seeks And The Reason CDM Smith Seeks
                  Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And
                  91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, CDM Smith requests relief from these Sections
because the Phantom 2 Vision UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth
more fully below, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 of the FMRA
for operation without an airworthiness certificate.

         All maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS of the Phantom 2
Vision UAS performed by CDM Smith will be in accordance with the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, the
Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start Guide, the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight Battery
Safety Guidelines and the Phantom Pilot Training Guide). Furthermore, only the Original
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher level

                                                         14
inspections and maintenance per the operating documents and OEM standards. CDM Smith will
document and maintain all maintenance records for the Phantom 2 Vision UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting CDM Smith's Request Would Be In The Public

         Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing CDM Smith to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS,
commercially, in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, railroad industry,
and the oil and gas industries. Additionally, use of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will decrease
congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy.
Notably, the benefits of CDM Smith's proposed operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will be
realized without implicating any privacy issues.

                  1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research
                           Performed.

         CDM Smith submits this Petition to commercially operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS
and perform aerial acquisitions within the NAS, in support of government entities, agriculture,
scientific studies, mining, and industry (e.g., railroad, gas, and oil industries). The Phantom 2
Vision UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial acquisition and research
operations to further each of these fields, all of which are critical to the well-being of the general
public.

         The specific operations that CDM Smith will perform with the Phantom 2 Vision UAS
demonstrate how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries
and the public. In the railroad, oil, and gas industries, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will be used
to: aid in facility inspections; survey and plan new worksites; survey of damage cause by storms,
natural disasters, and accidents; and perform right of way analysis. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS

                                                         15
  may also further environmental management by mapping deforestation and surveying point
  source pollution.

           2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
           The Phantom 2 Vision UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and
  economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By
  reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption
  allowing the use of a Phantom 2 Vision UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the
  NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, and increase the safety of life and property in the air and on
  the ground.
           Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
  congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
  Phantom 2 Vision UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of
  manned aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be
  handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of
  flight operations.
           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Phantom 2

                    Vision UAS.
           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, instead of manned
aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and electric
motors, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable
environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin
engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, and burn approximately 20-30
gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The Phantom 2 Vision UA, while reducing the carbon

                                                           16
footprint of aerial acquisitions, also reduces noise pollution, as the UA is propelled by battery
powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

           By using the Phantom 2 Vision UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to
life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of flightcrew members located onboard the aircraft, the Phantom 2 Vision UA (weighing
approximately 5.5 pounds at its maximum gross weight; measuring approximately 14 inches
diagonally; and carrying no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life
and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct
aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 40
feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

           4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Phantom 2 Vision UAS
                    Will Benefit The Economy.

           In addition to being safe and efficient, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is also an economical
  alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the
  Phantom 2 Vision UAS will allow United States based companies, like CDM Smith, to remain
  competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of
  aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out
  leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative
  technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision
  UAS is one such technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility
  compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a
  traditional manned aircraft.

                                                           17
         By operating the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, companies such as CDM Smith, can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial
performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS,
provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal
tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain
competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, CDM Smith's proposed operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will not implicate any
privacy issues. Specifically, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will only be operated pursuant to the
specific conditions and limitations set forth herein, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation
Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Most
significantly, the Phantom 2 Vision UA will not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly involved in the operation.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
         How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
         Provided By The Rule From Which CDM Smith Seeks Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Meets The Conditions Of The

                  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, CDM Smith's operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS
meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

                                                         18
         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification
and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section
333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.
         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and
                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                  certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                  the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).
         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.
         In seeking this exemption, CDM Smith submits that the Phantom 2 Vision UAS can
operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the
characteristics of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the
specific operating limitations.

                                                         19
                  a. The Specifications Of The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Demonstrate Its
                           Safe Characteristics.

         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The Phantom 2 Vision UAS.
         The technical specifications of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS are set forth at page 70 of the
Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains proprietary
information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)1.

                           ii. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Autonomous Flight And
                                   Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To Remain Within A
                                   Defined Operational Area.

         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS may be operated in both semi and fully autonomous flight
modes. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS autonomous features include the following: a GPS Position
and Altitude Hold when the GCS controls are released to their neutral positions; a Return To
Home (RTH) function; and Flight Limits (i.e, pre-set limitations that restrict the distance and
height of the UAS flight operations).

         A complete description of the autonomous modes of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is
provided at pages 32 through 41 of the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, attached hereto as
Exhibit A. Exhibit A contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file
pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

1 Exhibits to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         20
                           iii. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Is Designed For Automatic Return
                                  To Home Point Or Auto-Land In The Event Of Loss Of The
                                  Control Link Or Navigation.

         A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is set
forth at pages 32 through 41 of the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Exhibit A contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14
C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The Phantom 2 Vision GCS And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the Phantom 2 Vision GCS
and its software is provided at pages 7 through 17 and pages 42 through 65 of the Phantom 2
Vision User Manual. The Phantom 2 Vision UAS is compliant with all Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) requirements, and the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA is set forth at page 70 of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS User Manual. A copy of
the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, which contains proprietary information, is attached hereto as
Exhibit A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  b. Flight Operations Of The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Are Limited To
                           The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With
                           A Safety Observer.

         CDM Smith will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid FAA
issued airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the Phantom 2 Vision
UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight operations.

                  c. Flights Of The Phantom 2 Vision UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant
                           To Specific Operating Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, CDM Smith proposes to commercially operate the Phantom 2
Vision UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS, pursuant
to the following specific operating limitations:

                                                         21
1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
described in the operating documents, which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than 6
pounds at maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2 Vision Unmanned Aircraft System.
Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
amend this grant.

2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
purpose of aerial acquisitions.

3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or visual observer (VO) is not
permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and
cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure
that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the
procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained
in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator
must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may
update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption,
then the operator must petition for amendment to the grant of exemption. The FAA's

                                                22
UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates
or revisions to the operating documents.

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must
make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified
in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive
and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner
consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). The VO is also required to complete the operator's
training requirements. A record of training must be documented and made available upon
request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and

                                                23
VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of the
exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 20% battery power remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airmen
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
large as practicable.

                                                24
27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

31. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

32. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
persons (persons other than the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
         persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
         ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
         arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
         feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
         owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
         and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
         objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
         present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

33. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
conducted.

34. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

                                                25
         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
                  And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         CDM Smith submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a)
and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS
unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements,
that the PIC is able to safely operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS in a manner consistent with the
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering CDM Smith's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set
forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills necessary
to safely operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, CDM Smith submits that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship
skills necessary for CDM Smith's specific proposed flight operations.

         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of Exemption from
Section 61.113(a) and (b) (Exemption Nos. 11153, 11157). Additionally, the FAA has
previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS, in circumstances
similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11170, 11171, 11172).

         CDM Smith will not allow any PIC to operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS unless that
PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or the Phantom 2 Vision
UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the Phantom 2

                                                         26
Vision UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency

maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14

C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours

logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS (with a minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a

UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the

exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and

landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience that

was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of safety

during CDM Smith's proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior documented

flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would ensure safe

operations, stating as follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
         purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated
         and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a
         UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor
         UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have
         accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make
         and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption. For clarification, the
         FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e.
         5 hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the
         10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the
         hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90
         days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour
         requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in
         the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also
         finds that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
         applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and
         experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption to
         accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
         flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance
         with 14 C.F.R 91.119.

                                                         27
Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.
         Accordingly, CDM Smith will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate

the Phantom 2 Vision UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour
and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS in a
manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because
prior to every flight, CDM Smith will ensure that the Phantom 2 Vision UAS is in an airworthy
condition based upon the Phantom 2 Vision UAS's compliance with its operating documents
(i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, the Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start Guide, the Phantom
2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and the Phantom Pilot Training
Guide), and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of Exemption from
Section 91.7(a) (Exemption Nos. 11153, 11157). Additionally, the FAA has previously granted
relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080,
11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161,
11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172).

         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
                  Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
the altitude of the Phantom 2 Vision UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet

                                                         28
above ground level (AGL), and CDM Smith will operate the Phantom 2 Vision UA within visual
line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL. Furthermore, the altitude information of the Phantom 2
UA will be provided to the PIC via a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment and a radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path and altitude. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is
automatically established by the UAS at ground level.

         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS was the subject of multiple Grants of Exemption from
Section 91.121 (Exemption Nos. 11153, 1157). The FAA has previously granted relief from
Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those
presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080,
11109, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166,
11167, 11170, 11171).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.151(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the Phantom 2 Vision
UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed
flight operations. Accordingly, CDM Smith will ensure that it will safely operate the battery
powered Phantom 2 Vision UA during daylight hours in visual metrological conditions (VMC)
under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 20
minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after
that for at least five minutes (i.e., 20 percent battery power remaining).

                                                         29
         Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the Phantom 2 Vision
UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed
operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b).
Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the Phantom 2 Vision UAS provides audible and visual
warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UA has low battery power remaining.

         Significantly, the Phantom 2 Vision UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of
Exemption from Section 91.151 (Exemption Nos. 11153, 11157), and other previous
exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are considered.
Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in
Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has
previously granted relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all
material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042,
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153,
11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                  91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not
                  Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, CDM Smith submits that the equivalent level of safety with
regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because all
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS performed by
CDM Smith will be in accordance with the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
operating documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, the Phantom 2 Vision Quick Start

                                                         30
Guide, the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists, the Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and the
Phantom Pilot Training Guide). Furthermore, only the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM)
or qualified OEM maintainers will perform higher level inspections and maintenance per the
operating documents and OEM standards. CDM Smith will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the Phantom 2 Vision UAS.

         Since the Phantom 2 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents,
CDM Smith will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The following operating documents are attached hereto,
identified as the following Exhibits: (A) the Phantom 2 Vision User Manual; (B) the Phantom 2
Vision Quick Start Guide; (C) the Phantom 2 Vision Checklists; and (D) the Smart Flight Battery
Safety Guidelines. The foregoing exhibits contain proprietary information and are to be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because all maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS will be performed by CDM
Smith in accordance with the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating
documents. Only the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or qualified OEM maintainers
will perform higher level inspections and maintenance per the operating documents and OEM
standards. CDM Smith will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Phantom 2
Vision UAS.

         Furthermore, an equivalent level of safety established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and
91.417(b), because CDM Smith will document and maintain all of the maintenance records for
the Phantom 2 Vision UAS.

                                                         31
         The Phantom 2 Vision UAS has been the subject of multiple Grants of Exemption from
Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) (Exemption
Nos. 11153, 11157), and other previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning these
Sections establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and
operating limitations of the UAS are considered (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064,
11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157,
11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172).

         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, CDM Smith requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, which
contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
Such special conditions will permit safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets
forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or
the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for
such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements
that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14
C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or

                                                         32
unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the

following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may

prescribe special conditions for CDM Smith's intended operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS,

which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of

safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections

61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and

91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:
         The Rules From Which CDM Smith Seeks Exemption:

         CDM Smith Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
         (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption CDM Smith Seeks:

         This exemption will permit CDM Smith Inc. to commercially operate an Unmanned
         Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the
         National Airspace System (NAS).

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support CDM
         Smith's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS

                                                         33
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, CDM Smith's request for exemption may be granted
pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, CDM Smith will operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS safely
in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a
threat to national security.

                                                CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, CDM Smith seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
operation of the Phantom 2 Vision UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for
the limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the National Airspace System
(NAS). By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests
of the public, by allowing CDM Smith to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the
Phantom 2 Vision UAS commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, CDM Smith respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), and permit CDM Smith to operate the Phantom 2 Vision UAS commercially for
the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS.

                                                         34
Dated: February 18, 2015           Respectfully submitted,

cc: James H. Williams, AFS-80      The Aviation Law Firm
         Robert Pappas
         Dean Griffith, Esq.       /s/ Gregory S. Winton
                                   ____________________________
                                   Gregory S. Winton, Esq.
                                   Jared M. Allen, Esq.
                                   1997 Annapolis Exchange Parkway
                                   Suite 300
                                   Annapolis, Maryland 21401
                                   Tel: (301) 294-8550
                                   Fax: (866) 568-9886
                                   Attorneys for Petitioner

                               35
