June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11813
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1010

Ms. Marjorie K. Conner
Counsel for CellAntenna Corporation
700 West View Terrace
Alexandria, VA 22302

Dear Ms. Conner:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 6 and May 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of CellAntenna Corporation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct visual observation, inspection, and recording and RF signal extension and detection
work.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S1000 Spreading Wings, DJI Inspire, DJI 450
Flame Wheel Quadcopter, and DJI 550 Flame Wheel Hexacopter.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CellAntenna Corporation is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CellAntenna Corporation is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000
         Spreading Wings, DJI Inspire, DJI 450 Flame Wheel Quadcopter, and DJI 550 Flame
         Wheel Hexacopter when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                             MARJORIE K. CONNER
                                                    ATTORNEY

                                           700 WEST VIEW TERRACE
                                        ALEXANDRIA, VIRGINIA 22302

                                                  APRIL 6, 2015

703-706-5917
mkconner@mkconnerlaw.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20590

         Re: CellAntenna Corporation Petition for Exemption
                  Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
                  Section 11.81 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. §11.81

Dear USDOT:

         By counsel, and pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012 ("Reform Act"), and Section 11.81 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, CellAntenna
Corporation ("CellAntenna") petitions for exemption from a number of Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs"),1 as detailed herein, to allow commercial operation of small unmanned
aircraft systems2 ("UAS").

         CellAntenna's petition for exemption ("Petition") is supported by the information
provided herein, as well as its appended CellAntenna UAS Operations Manual ("CellAntenna
Manual") and each manufacturer's UAS Manual ("UAS Manual").3 CellAntenna submits the
CellAntenna Manual and UAS Manual (the "Manuals") as confidential documents, consistent
with Section 11.35(b) of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. §11.35(b). The Manuals contain
confidential commercial and/or proprietary information that CellAntenna has not shared and will
not share with others. The Manuals set forth operating conditions and procedures that are not
generally available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et. seq. and any other disclosure requirements established by the
FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

1 Specifically, CellAntenna requests exemption from Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; Sections 45.23(b); 45.27(a);
61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b), and any other provision which the FAA determines
should be included in the exemption request. See Jeffrey J. Walsh, Reg. Docket No. FAA-2014-0681, at 3-4.
2 CellAntenna envisions that its UAS services will include, but will not be limited to, motion picture filming and
other photographic services, bridge, building, construction, and other architectural observation and inspection,
electrical power grid inspection, telecom infrastructure inspection, disaster recovery and insurance site inspection, as
well as agriculture observation and inspection. In addition to these video and visual observation services,
CellAntenna will provide UAS borne communications services, consistent with FCC rules and regulations.
3 The UAS Manual includes all manufacturer publications relating to the device, including, without limitation,
operations and flight manuals, user guides, component maintenance manuals, pilot training manuals, service
information letters and safety/service bulletins.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 2

    I. CellAntenna

         CellAntenna is a family-owned U.S. company, based in Coral Springs, Florida. Since
2002, CellAntenna has led the industry in marketing and servicing communications devices. In
the course of its business, CellAntenna has developed a special interest in UAS, particularly in
combining its wireless communications expertise with UAS devices. CellAntenna's
communications expertise brings added reliability and diversity to its UAS operations.

         CellAntenna's contact information is:

         Sid Kopperl
         Chief Operating Officer
         CellAntenna Corporation
         12453 NW 44th Street
         Coral Springs, Florida 33065
         sk@cellantenna.com
         Telephone: 954-340-7053

         CellAntenna's counsel:

         Marjorie K. Conner
         700 West View Terrace
         Alexandria, Virginia 22301

    II. CellAntenna's Proposed Operation

    CellAntenna proposes to use UAS for visual observation, inspection, and recording and RF
signal extension and detection work. CellAntenna has tailored its operations to meet the criteria
established in the FAA's grant of the Astraeus Aerial exemption, Exemption No. 11062, Reg.
Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 ("Astraeus Aerial") and the dozens of similar exemptions granted
based on the Astraeus Aerial precedent. CellAntenna's UAS operations will be conducted in
accord with the conditions and limitations set forth in the grant of this Petition, CellAntenna's
Manual and the UAS Manual.

    CellAntenna's UAS operations will be conducted in controlled circumstances, away from
spectators and persons not involved in the operation. All operations will be conducted during
daylight, Visual Flight Rule ("VFR") conditions, at altitudes below 400 feet Above Ground
Level ("AGL"). CellAntenna's operations will be conducted at a level of safety superior to that
of fixed wing aircraft or helicopters performing the same or similar work.

    III. Relevant Statutory Authority

         This Petition is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. In
the Reform Act, Congress directed the FAA to "safely accelerate the integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." As directed by Section 333 of the
Reform Act, where it is safe to do so, the FAA Administrator may permit unmanned aircraft
systems to operate in the National Air Space ("NAS"), based on specific considerations:
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 3

              The UAS' size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
              Control of operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated

                  areas; and
              Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

    The Administrator of the FAA also has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety
regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator determines a requested exemption is
in the public interest.4

    IV. CellAntenna's Proposed Operations are Consistent
             with Section 333 of the Reform Act and the Astraeus Aerial Exemption
             and the dozens of Exemptions Granted based on the Astraeus Aerial Precedent.

    CellAntenna's proposed operations fit each of the criteria for expedited approval set forth in
Section 333 of the Reform Act, and is consistent in its basis with the 69 Petitions granted by the
FAA between September 25, 2014 and May 26, 2015, including Astraeus Aerial.

         A. UAS Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational Capability

    A grant of the requested exemption is appropriate because the physical properties of
CellAntenna's UAS meet the size, weight, speed, and operational capability criteria meet the
parameters set forth in the Astraeus Aerial grant, and its progeny. Specifically, CellAntenna's
UAS

              Weigh less than 55 lb.;
              Will not be flown in excess of 87 knots;
              Will not be flown above 400 ft. AGL;
              Will be flown so that the flights may be safely terminated, including with a

                  reserve of 20% of the battery's maximum charge capacity;
              The UAS will generate altitude information using onboard GPS triangulation

                  equipment, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or a
                  combination of them. Altitude information will be transmitted to the pilot in
                  charge by telemetric data feed.
              The UAS will have system redundancies and independent functionalities to ensure
                  the overall safety and predictability of the system. If connection to the remote
                  control or ground control station is lost, failsafe systems will permit the UAS to
                  return to home or to a predetermined location and safely land without injury or
                  damage.
              The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS will comply
                  with Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") and/or other controlling
                  rules and specifications.

4 See generally, 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 44701(a), (b), and (f), and 44702-44716, et. seq., and, more specifically, 14
C.F.R. § 11.81.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 4

         The Administrator has noted that if the operations proposed in this petition were
conducted using a helicopter, the aircraft's take-off weight could "weigh thousands of pounds or
more and [would be] operated by an onboard pilot, in addition to other onboard crewmembers."5
The weight difference between a helicopter and CellAntenna's UAS significantly reduces the
potential harm to the operator and the public, in the event of an accident or incident. Remote
operation of the UAS eliminates the risk of harm to the onboard pilot and camera or other device
operator. The Administrator is well-acquainted with helicopter accidents that may be avoided by
conducting aerial filming, observation, and other activities by UAS.6

         B. The Operational Restrictions set forth in the CellAntenna Manual meet the
             Administrator's criteria.

         The CellAntenna Manual and the UAS Manual provide the procedures and limitations
necessary to safely and successfully perform the operations contemplated by this petition. Of
note, the CellAntenna Manual and the UAS Manual provide operational limitations and
conditions to ensure a high level of safety to operations, consistent to or exceeding current FAA
guidelines:

         1. The UAS weighs less than 55 lb., fully loaded.

         2. The minimum crew for each operation will include a Pilot-in-Command of the UAS,
             and one or more Visual Observers ("Observer"), as necessary to conduct a safe
             mission.

         3. The UAS shall be operated within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC and
             Observer at all times.

         4. The PIC must use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses.

         5. The Observer designated for any operation will be in constant voice contact with the
             PIC.

         6. Any additional requirements set forth in the Administrator's grant of this petition
             shall be added to the CellAntenna Manual. The CellAntenna Manual shall be
             maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If any discrepancy
             exists between the conditions and limitations in the exemption, as granted, and the
             CellAntenna Manual, the conditions and limitations in the exemption, as granted,
             shall take precedence and shall be followed.

         7. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight shall be limited to that amount
             of time that the UAS may be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power capacity
             of no less than 20%.

5 Singer's Creations, Exemption No. 11191, Reg. Docket No. FAA-2014-0915, at 2.
6 The National Transportation Safety Board ("NTSB") maintains a database of Aviation Accidents. It may be
accessed at: http://www.ntsb.gov/_layouts/ntsb.aviation/month.aspx. Some of the helicopter accidents reported
there include: NTSB Report AAR-84-14, reporting three fatalities and six injuries in a closed set helicopter filming
operation; MIA07FAH7, reporting two fatalities and one serious injury in a photo shoot over water; and
NIC08FA071, reporting three fatalities during a search for a lost hunter.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 5

         8. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL. Flights will
             never enter navigable controlled airspace without prior written authorization and
             approval from the FAA.

         9. Lateral distances from participating persons, as defined in FAA Order 8900.1 V3, C8,
             S1, will be maintained.

         10. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any non-
             participating persons, unless that person is in a position in which he or she is shielded
             from the UAS and possible debris resulting from UAS failure. Flight will be
             terminated if a non-participating person within 500 feet of the UAS leaves a shielded
             position. At no time will the UAS be conducted so close to persons or objects to
             present and undue hazard to the PIC or Observer, as prescribed in Section 91.119(a)
             of the FAA's rules, 14 U.S.C. § 91.119(a).

         11. Flights will be limited to a speed of 78 knots.

         12. Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the UAS to confirm that it is in safe-flight
             condition. The PIC shall not operate the UAS if the inspection reveals a condition
             that adversely affects the safe operation of the UAS unless and until the condition has
             been removed and the UAS is found to be in safe-flight condition. The Ground
             Control Station ("GCS") shall be included in the preflight inspection. All
             maintenance, repairs, and alterations shall be properly documented in the UAS
             records.

         13. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance, repair, or alteration that affects the UAS
             operation or flight characteristics must undergo functional test flight in accordance
             with the CellAntenna Manual. The PIC conducting the functional test flight must
             record the functional test flight and its results in the UAS aircraft records. The
             requirements and procedures for functional test flights and UAS entry are prescribed
             by the CellAntenna Manual.

         14. The UAS will be operated and maintained according to the UAS Manual.

         15. Prior to any flight, a Mission Plan shall be recorded, setting forth the operational
             limitations and conditions for the mission, as well as key personnel contact
             information and a description of any anticipated hazards on or in the vicinity of the
             planned flight path or area.

         16. Unless the FAA relieves it of this obligation, CellAntenna shall obtain a Certificate of
             Waiver or Authorization ("COA") from an Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") prior to
             conducting operations. As long as required or appropriate, CellAntenna shall request
             a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM") with the appropriate ATC facility between 48 ­ 72
             hours before flight.

         17. If any permissions or permits are required by territorial, state, county, or municipal
             jurisdictions before flight, CellAntenna shall obtain them.

         18. CellAntenna shall coordinate its operations with the appropriate Flight Standards
             District Office ("FSDO"), as required.

         19. If the UAS loses communication with the PIC, it shall return to a pre-determined
             location within the operational area and land safely.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 6

         20. CellAntenna will ensure contingency plans to safely terminate the flight if there is a
             loss of communication between the PIC and the Observer.

         21. The UAS shall have the capability to abort the flight safely in the case of flight-
             affecting unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

         22. Each PIC and each Observer will hold at least a current second class medical
             Certificate.

         23. Each PIC shall have accumulated and logged at least 12 hours training hours or 24
             flights accrued before designated as a PIC on any flight.

         24. Each PIC shall have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
             operating the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under the
             exemption, including three take-offs and three landings within the 90 days
             immediately preceding any flight.

         25. Operations shall be conducted only during daytime VFR Meteorological Conditions;
             no flights shall be conducted under special visual flight rules ("SVFR").

         26. The UAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to any and all manned
             operations and activities at all times, including, without limitation, ultralight vehicles,
             parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders.

         27. UAS operations under Instrument Flight Rules, at night, or beyond VLOS are
             prohibited.

    V. Regulations from which CellAntenna requests Exemption.

    CellAntenna requests exemption from several interrelated provisions of Title 14 of the CFR,
Parts 21, 45, 61, and 91, for purposes of conducting its UAS operations. The specific code
sections are listed below, along with operational protections demonstrating that CellAntenna will
achieve equivalent or greater safety protections than the rule from which it seeks exemption.

    A. Certain required documents to be kept at the CGS:
         Sections 91.9(b), 91.203(a) and (b), 47.31(b)(2), and 47.31(c) of Title 14 of the CFR.

    On August 8, 2014, Mark W. Bury, Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law,
Legislation and Regulations, AGC-200, issued a Memorandum regarding the maintenance of
certain required documents when flying UAS ("Memorandum"). Specifically, the Memorandum
stated that maintenance of the airworthiness certificates, aircraft manuals, and aircraft
registration certificates at the CGS would satisfy the intent of the governing FAA regulations.7
CellAntenna proposes to maintain the required documents at the GCS, available to the PIC.

7 See also, e.g., Astraeus Aerial, 19-20; Jeffrey J. Walsh, Grant of Exemption No. 11229, Reg Docket No. FAA-
2014-0681, at 4 ("Walsh").
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 7

    B. Provisions from which Exemption may be Unnecessary.

         In an abundance of caution, CellAntenna seeks exemption from the obligations of certain
provisions with which the Administrator may find CellAntenna's operations comply or that they
are inapplicable to UAS operation. These sections are:

             1. Airworthiness Standards Normal Category Rotorcraft: 14 C.F.R. Part 27
                  Airworthiness Certificates: 14 C.F.R. Part 21

         Part 21 of Title 14 sets for the requirements for Airworthiness Certificates for Products
         and Parts. Part 27 of Title 14 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
         certification of normal category rotorcraft. In the recent decision on the petition for
         exemption filed by Solusia Air, LLC,8 the FAA determined that in accord with the
         statutory criteria set forth in Section 333 of Reform Act, and in consideration of the size,
         weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with UAS and its operation, the
         Secretary of Transportation has determined that the UAS meets the criteria of Section
         333 of the Reform Act. Therefore, the FAA found that relief from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, and
         27 was well as any associated noise certification and testing requirements of Part 36 was
         unnecessary.

         Similarly, the UAS proposed for CellAntenna's operations meets the Section 333 criteria.
         CellAntenna requests a determination that relief from Parts 21, 27, and 36 is unnecessary.

             2. Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements: 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c),
                  45.23(b), and 45.27(a)

         In Solusia Air, the FAA said that it has previously determined, in Astraeus Aerial, that
         relief from these sections is not necessary. Relevant materials may be kept in a location
         accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations, and , as in Astraeus Aerial,
         compliance with registration and marking requirements of Part 45 may be met9 because
         the UAS is not granted experimental certificates under Section 21.191 of the FAA's
         rules, and because the UAS may be marked, in accord with 14 C.F.R. Part 45 with
         identification markings "as large as practicable."10

         CellAntenna will mark its UAS with N-Number identifiers in a manner which is as large
         as practicable, so that and equivalent level of safety may be achieved.

             3. Preflight Action: 14 C.F.R. § 91.103

         CellAntenna requests exemption from Section 91.103 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. §
         91.103, which requires a PIC to become familiar with specific information before each
         flight, including information contained in the FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the

8 Solusia Air, LLC, March 20, 2015, Exemption No.11216, Reg. Docket No. FAA-2014-0912, at 2.
9 Solusia Air, at 5.
10 Astraeus Aerial, at 14.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 8

         aircraft. The FAA stated that a UAS operator can comply with the other requirements of
         Section 91.103(b)(2). Pre-flight procedures that require reviewing weather, flight battery
         requirements, landings, and take-off distances and aircraft performance data before
         initiation of flight address the FAA's concerns regarding compliance with Section
         91.103(b).11 The CellAntenna Manual sets for exactly these pre-flight procedures and
         more.

         CellAntenna will achieve an equivalent level of safety by ensuring compliance with the
         procedures set forth in the CellAntenna Manual. The PIC will review a series of
         checklists designed to identify any defects or inoperable components in in accord with
         the CellAntenna Manual, including checklists covering Pre-Flight, Launch, Landing, and
         Post-Flight procedures. The PIC will also be required to review weather, flight
         requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff distance, UAS performance data, and
         contingency landing areas ­ before initiation of flight. The PIC and the Observer will
         take into account the FAA's stricter requirements with regard to visibility and distance
         from clouds. They will also be aware of sun glare hazards.

    C. Other Provisions from which CellAntenna Seeks Exemption.

             1. Civil Aircraft Airworthiness: 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) and (b)

         In Solusia Air, the FAA determined that relief from Section 91.7(a) and (b) is
         necessary.12 It determined that compliance with the UAS operating documents to be a
         sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition ­ based on compliance with the
         operating documents prior to every flight.13

         CellAntenna requests exemption from Section 91.7(a) of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R §
         91.7(a). The CellAntenna and the UAS Manual require the PIC to perform UAS
         inspection prior to every flight. The Manuals set forth standards for test flight after repair
         or significant maintenance, and set forth the timetable for routine maintenance and
         replacement of parts. An equivalent level of safety is achieved by the degree of attention
         to the airworthiness of CellAntenna's UAS.

             2. Flight crewmembers at stations: 14 C.F.R. § 91.105

         Section 91.105 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. § 91.105, requires that flight crewmembers
         be at specific places aboard the aircraft. Because the UAS is unmanned, no
         crewmembers are present on UAS flights. Compliance with Section 91.105, is therefore
         impossible.

         CellAntenna will maintain a Section 91.105-equivalent level of safety because it will
         avoid the dangers sought to be ameliorated by it. As no passengers or crew will be

11 Solusia Air, at 5.
12 In contrast, in Astraeus Aerial, the FAA determined that "because an airworthiness certificate will not be issued,
exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary. In an abundance of caution, CellAntenna requests an exemption of §
91.7(a), if the FAA determines an exemption is necessary and appropriate.
13 Solusia Air, at 2.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 9

         onboard, there is no need to specify the places at which the crewmembers will be
         stationed. CellAntenna will achieve an equivalent level of safety because the
         CellAntenna Manual specifies stations for the PIC and Observer for all flight phases.

             3. Minimum Safe Altitudes: 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)

         CellAntenna requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements set
         forth in Section 91.119 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119
         prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may not operate, including
         500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure in non-
         congested areas. (Section 91.119(c)) Section 91.119(d) allows for a helicopter to operate
         a lower altitudes when it can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the
         surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or
         altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

         An exemption is appropriate because in order to conduct aerial observation and filming
         and conduct the RF applications proposed by CellAntenna, a UAS must operate at an
         altitude of lower than 400 feet AGL. Order No. 8900.1 V3, C8, S1 allows UAS
         operations to be closer than 500 feet from persons involved in the flight operations.

         CellAntenna will accomplish an equivalent level of safety by minimizing the dangers
         attendant to the flights generally controlled by Section 91.119. Helicopters, by their size,
         fuel load, and difficulty to control, are much more dangerous than UAS devices. With
         the minimal size, weight, and speed of CellAntenna's UAS, as well as the CellAntenna
         Manual's requirement that flights be in restricted areas, a lateral distance of at least 500
         feet from any nonparticipating unshielded person, CellAntenna's proposed UAS flights
         are much safer than helicopter or fixed wing manned flights for the same purposes.

         If any nonparticipating person leaves a shielded position, the CellAntenna Manual
         requires that the flight be terminated. Additionally, the CellAntenna Manual requires that
         UAS operations occur at least 500 feet away from vehicles or structures for which the
         property owner or controller has not granted permission and the PIC or the Observer has
         not conducted a safety assessment.

         CellAntenna requests permission to conduct operations as close as 200 feet from non-
         participating persons with the consent of the Administrator, as granted to Astraeus
         Aerial.14

         Even in the closer proximities, CellAntenna's operations will achieve and equivalent or
         even greater level of safety than that traditionally accomplished by Section 91.119.

             4. Altimeter Settings: 14 C.F.R. § 91.121

         CellAntenna requests an exemption from Section 91.121 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. §
         91.121, which requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or

14 Astraeus Aerial, at 20-21.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 10

         flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport
         or barometric pressure. And exemption is required to the extent that UASs do not use a
         barometric altimeter. Rather UASs maintain altitude and monitor it through an onboard
         GPS altitude read out.

         In the grant of the Astraeus Aerial exemption, the FAA has stated than a Section 91.121
         equivalent level of safety can be achieved in circumstances where: 1) the UAS is
         operated at 400 feet AGL or below; 2) within VLOS; 3) where GPS based altitude
         information is relayed in real time to the operator at a ground-based on-screen display;
         and 4) where prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is established for the PIC
         to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS. 15

         CellAntenna's UAS meets all of these described operational characteristics. As required
         by the CellAntenna Manual, the PIC will be required to calibrate the aricraft's GPS
         compass prior to each flight. Like the grant of the Astraeus Aerial exemption, the
         CellAntenna UAS, and the CellAntenna Manual safety mitigation procedures both ensure
         a Section 91.121-equivalent level of safety.

             5. Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions: 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)

         CellAntenna requests an exemption from Section 91.151(a) fuel requirements for flight in
         VFR conditions. Section 91.151 requires sufficient fuel onboard to fly to the first point
         of intended landing and then some before a flight may begin. Because UAS devices are
         not powered by "fuel" but by battery power, the fuel requirement is not meaningful in the
         UAS context.

         The FAA has recognized that an equivalent level of safety may be achieved through
         reservation of ample battery power, specified as a reserve of 20% of battery power or
         completion of the flight within 30 minutes flight time, whichever comes first.16

         Not only does the CellAntenna Manual specify compliance with the FAA's battery
         reservation requirement, but CellAntenna's UAS uses a low battery warning system. The
         amount of battery reserve power remaining will be transmitted to the PIC via telemetric
         data feed, which downlinks from the UAS to a ground-based-on-screen display. As
         specified in the CellAntenna Manual, the PIC will immediately fly the UAS back to the
         home launch location or a pre-determined location at which the UAS may land safely,
         while still maintaining a minimum of 20% reserve battery power. The CellAntenna
         Manual procedures, combined with its flight limitations, the size, weight, speed, and
         operational capability of the UAS devices ­ within the VLOS of the PIC and Observer
         ensure that CellAntenna's proposed operation will equal, and may exceed, Section 91.151
         safety levels.

             6. Maintenance Inspections: 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
                  and (2), 91.417(a) and (b)

15 Astraeus Aerial, at 21.
16 See, e.g., Astraeus Aerial, at 21; Clayco, Inc., Exemption No. 11109, Docket No. FAA-2014-0507, at 15.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 11

         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b) of the FAA's
         rules, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b),
         require that an aircraft be inspected and have discrepancies repaired, in accord with Part
         43 of the FAA's rules. Part 43 relates to airworthiness certification processes.
         Airworthiness certificates are not appropriately obtained for UAS devices, so that an
         exemption from the Maintenance Inspection rules is appropriate.

         CellAntenna will maintain an equivalent level of safety by conducting maintenance and
         inspections in accord with the CellAntenna Manual and the UAS Manual. The PIC will
         conduct a pre-flight inspection of the UAS and all associated equipment to account for
         any discrepancies or inoperable components. CellAntenna will perform and verify
         maintenance to correct any conditions which may affect safe operation of the UAS. No
         flights will be undertaken unless and until all flight-critical components of the UAS have
         been determined to be airworthy and in a safe operation condition. CellAntenna will
         conduct a functional test flight following the replacement or repair of any flight-critical
         components. The PIC will record the functional test flight in the aircraft records upon
         successful completion.

         The CellAntenna Manual also includes requirements to follow manufacturer UAS
         aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life-limit
         specifications for essential components, including: powertrain system (power plant),
         propellers, avionics, and control surfaces (including ailerons/elevens), structures and
         airframe, camera system, electrical systems (including batteries), GCS, hazard
         accessories, and spare parts. The CellAntenna Manual also includes procedures to
         document and maintain a record of the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance,
         alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in-service
         of CellAntenna's UASs. As a whole, the procedures specified in the CellAntenna
         Manual ensure that maintenance inspections will be conducted in a manner to achieve an
         equivalent or higher level of safety, when compared to the FAA's rules.

             7. Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: 14 C.F.R. § 61.113

         Section 61.113 of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. § 61.113, restricts private pilot certificate
         holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire. It also would require each PIC to
         hold a second class medical certificate. The restrictions and requirements of Part 61 are
         designed to protect passengers or cargo when carried for hire. Operation of a UAS for
         hire bears much less risk to life, limb, and treasure, because of the size, weight, speed,
         and operational capability of the UAS. CellAntenna's UAS will not carry passengers or
         cargo.

         The FAA has recognized the unique characteristics of UAS, and acknowledged that UAS
         operation does not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant to requiring a
         PIC for hire to have a commercial pilot certificate and a second class medical certificate.

         CellAntenna will ensure Section 61.113-equivalent safety through the requirements set
         forth in the CellAntenna Manual. The CellAntenna Manual includes the restrictions
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 12

         imposed on Astraeus Aerial in the exemption granted to it. CellAntenna will operate
         away its UAS away from persons and property not involved in its operation. Flights will
         be conducted by VLOS at 400 feet AGL or below. When required, a NOTAM will be
         issued between 48 and 72 hours before the flight will commence. As required, the flight
         will be coordinated with the appropriate FSDO.

         CellAntenna's PICs are and will be thoroughly conversant in airspace and
         communications issues arising in all aircraft operations and, particularly, in the unique
         aspects of UAS operations. The CellAntenna Manual requires PICs to have UAS
         experience, including flight time logged with the specific make and model he or she
         deploys for each mission. These precautions ensure that CellAntenna's operations will
         achieve a level of safety equivalent to or even higher than that achieved by the
         requirements of Section 61.113 of the FAA's rules.

    D. Drug and Alcohol Program

    CellAntenna is an ongoing business. It is a small, family-owned company. It currently has
policies in place to ensure that no person is under the influence of alcohol or any drug while
conducting CellAntenna business. Its policies will extend to ensure that no person may
participate in UAS flight operations under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

    E. Public Interest.

    The FAA recently documented the significant public interest in the grant of petitions for
exemption so that UAS may be commercially deployed. In the process of proposing rules for
UAS, the FAA's Office of Aviation Policy and Plans, Economic Analysis Division issued an
evaluation of the impact of the proposed rules ("OAPP Regulatory Evaluation"). The evaluation
found both economic benefits and safety benefits in the operation of UAS, particularly to the
extent UAS replaced more dangerous activities.17

    In the OAPP Regulatory Evaluation, the FAA specifically analyzed four UAS commercial
uses: A) Aerial Photography; B) Precision Agriculture; C) Search and rescue/law enforcement;
and D) Bridge Inspection.

    A. Aerial Photography

    Considering use of UAS in Aerial Photography, the FAA found that by substituting an
unmanned aviation operation using a very light aircraft for a more complex manned aviation
operation that uses a much heavier aircraft, dangers of an accident, to both people onboard and
on the ground, are minimized. The FAA also recognizes that cost-savings will occur by the
reduction in cost for aerial photography. 18

17 OAPP Regulatory Evaluation, at 14-26
18 Id., at 16-17
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 13

    B. Precision Agriculture

    Considering use of UAS in precision agriculture, the FAA recognized the likely limited use
of UAS in agriculture. The FAA did not expect that UAS would be used to apply pesticides or
fertilizers, but UAS can be used to monitor application and yields. UAS may be employed to
collect data on the hydration and general condition of crops. The information gathered allows
farmers to manage water, insecticide application, and nutrient application. These more efficient
uses of resources save agricultural investment, increase productivity, and may even have a
positive impact on the environment.19

    C. Law Enforcement

    Law enforcement uses of UAS are of particular interest to CellAntenna.20 In considering use
of UAS in law enforcement and disaster recovery and relief, the FAA recognized the significant
cost savings to federal, state, and local governmental entities. Cost savings, as compared to
deployment of helicopters, runs up to $550/hour of governmental funds. While not all helicopter
missions may be replaced with UAS missions, the cost savings of substitution may be
significant. Additionally, the speed to deployment, the stealth capabilities, and the safety aspects
of UAS substitution bring significant benefit to the public.21

    D. Bridge Inspections

    In considering use of UAS in bridge inspections, the FAA noted that it is difficult for
helicopters to get close enough to bridges for adequate inspection. Expensive, special equipment
must be deployed, and often human beings climb the bridges to view bridge conditions up close.
Use of UAS in bridge inspections bring cost savings and safety benefits.22

    E. FAA Precedent

    Even before the FAA conducted its analysis of the public interest benefits of commercial
deployment of UAS, the FAA recognized its benefits. In granting the dozens of exemptions
granted so far, the FAA found that UAS operations significantly improve safety and reduce risk
by alleviating the public's exposure to danger and emissions associated with traditional aircraft
and helicopter operation. CellAntenna's proposed operations will be battery powered avoiding
the ignition hazards attendant to fuel-powered operations. The FAA has recognized that
accidents involving UAS are significantly less dangerous -- to pilots and the public -- than
accidents involving full-size helicopters.

    CellAntenna's proposed operations are similar to the operations proposed in the dozens of
exemptions granted by the FAA. Particularly, in the recent grant to Jeffrey J. Walsh,23 the FAA
noted that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA), as proposed by Mr.

19 Id., at 18
20 CellAntenna's long service to law enforcement agencies is documented, in part, in its efforts to eradicate
contraband wireless devices from correctional facilities in FCC Docket No. 13-111.
21 OAPP Regulatory Evaluation, at 18-20
22 Id., at 22-23
23 Jeffrey J. Walsh, Docket No. FAA-2014-0681, granted March 24, 2015.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 14

Walsh and CellAntenna, and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew, in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by [Mr. Walsh's] exemption is in the public
interest.

    F. Federal Register Summary

    CellAntenna notes that the relief requested in this petition is identical to the exemption
granted to dozens of other petitioners. Pursuant to Section 11.87 of the FAA's rules,
CellAntenna asks that the FAA forego publication of its petition in the FEDERAL REGISTER. If the
FAA determines that FEDERAL REGISTER publication is necessary, CellAntenna provides the
following summary for publication in the FEDERAL REGISTER.

         CellAntenna seeks an exemption from the several provisions of Title 14 of the Code of
         Federal Regulations. Specifically:

         Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; Sections 45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2);
         91.9(c); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b);
         91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b).

         The requested exemption will enhance public safety by reducing risk to the general
         public and property owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing
         equivalent work with conventional fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, or other methods.
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
April 6, 2015
Page 15

    G. Conclusion

    CellAntenna's Petition for exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of the
Reform act, including size, weight, speed, and operational capability, proximity to airports and
populated areas, operation within VLOS and national security. The proposed UAS operations
will benefit the public as a whole by improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human
exposure to danger. In consideration of the foregoing, this Petition for Exemption provides the
FAA with sufficient justification for grant of the request allowing CellAntenna to perform
commercial operations using UAS.

    CellAntenna appreciates your prompt consideration of its Petition. Should questions arise,
please give me a call to discuss.

                                             Very truly yours,

                                             Marjorie K. Conner
                                             Counsel to CellAntenna Corporation

Attachment A: CellAntenna Manual
Attachment B: UAS Manual

Attachments contain proprietary and commercial information and are exempt from disclosure
under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552, et. seq., and should be held in a separate
confidential file in accord with Section 11.35(b) of the FAA's rules, 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                  Confidential Attachment A
                      CellAntenna Manual
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                   Confidential Attachment B
                           UAS Manual
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 1 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1010

                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                     FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                             CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION

ISSUED TO
CellAntenna Corporation
700 West View Terrace
Alexandria, VA 22302

   This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct
any operation pursuant to the authority of this certificate except in accordance with the standard and special
provisions contained in this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not
specifically waived by this certificate.

OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED
Operation of DJI S1000 Spreading Wings, DJI Inspire, DJI 450 Flame Wheel Quadcopter, and DJI 550
Flame Wheel Hexacopter Unmanned Aircraft Systems at or below 200 feet Above Ground Level (AGL)
for the purpose of aerial data collection.
LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE
N/A

                                               STANDARD PROVISIONS
1. A copy of the application made for this certificate shall be attached and become a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or municipal official charged with the duty of enforcing
local laws or regulations.
3. The holder of this certificate shall be responsible for the strict observance of the terms and provisions
contained herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.
Note-This certificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically referred to
above. It does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                 SPECIAL PROVISIONS
Special Provisions are set forth and attached.
This certificate FAA-2015-1010-333E is effective from June 23, 2015 to June 30, 2017 and is subject to
cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters, AJV-115                /S/
            (Region)
                                     Jacqueline R. Jackson
         June 15, 2015                      (Signature)
            (Date)
                           Manager, UAS Tactical Operations Section
   FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)                   (Title)

                           Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                        Commercial Purposes March 2015
                           FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment    Page 2 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-1010

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

1. The approval of this COA is effective only with an approved FAA Grant of Exemption.

2. A copy of the COA including the special limitations must be immediately available to all
    operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
    conducted.

3. This authorization may be canceled at any time by the Administrator, the person
    authorized to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a
    specific operation. As a general rule, this authorization may be canceled when it is no
    longer required, there is an abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors
    develop. Failure to comply with the authorization is cause for cancellation. The operator
    will receive written notice of cancellation.

B. Safety of Flight.

1. The operator or pilot in command (PIC) is responsible for halting or canceling activity in
    the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in the air
    is in jeopardy, or if there is a failure to comply with the terms or conditions of this
    authorization.

See-and-Avoid

Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
for unmanned operations consistent with 14 CFR Part 91 §91.111, §91.113 and §91.115.

a. The pilot in command (PIC) is responsible:

    · To remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times,

    · For the safety of persons or property on the surface with respect to the UAS, and

    · For compliance with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115

b. UAS pilots will ensure there is a safe operating distance between aviation activities
and unmanned aircraft (UA) at all times.

c. Visual observers must be used at all times and maintain instantaneous communication
with the PIC.

d. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observer(s) are:

                                                     Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                  Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 3 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1010

             · Able to see the UA and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight, and

             · Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
                  activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently for the
                  PIC to exercise effective control of the UA to prevent the UA from creating a
                  collision hazard.

         e. Visual observer(s) must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions
         required to remain clear of conflicting traffic.

    2. Pilots are reminded to follow all federal regulations e.g. remain clear of all Temporary
         Flight Restrictions, as well as following the exemption granted for their operation.

    3. The operator or delegated representative must not operate in Prohibited Areas, Special
         Flight Rule Areas or, the Washington National Capital Region Flight Restricted Zone.
         Such areas are depicted on charts available at
         http://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/flight_info/aeronav/. Additionally, aircraft operators
         should beware of and avoid other areas identified in Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS)
         which restricts operations in proximity to Power Plants, Electric Substations, Dams,
         Wind Farms, Oil Refineries, Industrial Complexes, National Parks, The Disney Resorts,
         Stadiums, Emergency Services, the Washington DC Metro Flight Restricted Zone,
         Military or other Federal Facilities.

    4. All aircraft operated in accordance with this Certificate of Waiver/Authorization must be
         identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be) as large as practicable.

C. Reporting Requirements

    1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are
         required.

    2. The operator must submit the following information through
         mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov on a monthly basis:
         a. Name of Operator, Exemption number and Aircraft registration number

         b. UAS type and model

         c. All operating locations, to include location city/name and latitude/longitude

         d. Number of flights (per location, per aircraft)

         e. Total aircraft operational hours

         f. Takeoff or Landing damage

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1010

    g. Equipment malfunctions. Reportable malfunctions include, but are not limited to the
         following:
         (1) On-board flight control system
         (2) Navigation system
         (3) Powerplant failure in flight
         (4) Fuel system failure
         (5) Electrical system failure
         (6) Control station failure

3. The number and duration of lost link events (control, performance and health monitoring,
    or communications) per UA per flight.

D. Notice to Airmen (NOTAM).

    A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
    conducted. This requirement may be accomplished:

    a. Through the operator's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

    b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
         6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 24 hours prior to the
         operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
         require the:

         (1) Name and address of the pilot filing the NOTAM request

         (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

         (3) Time and nature of the activity.

         (4) Number of UAS flying in the operating area.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

  A. Coordination Requirements.

       1. Operators and UAS equipment must meet the requirements (communication,
            equipment and clearance) of the class of airspace they will operate in.

       2. Operator filing and the issuance of required distance (D) NOTAM, will serve as
            advance ATC facility notification of UAS operations in an area.

       3. Operator must cancel NOTAMs when UAS operations are completed or will not be
            conducted.

       4. Coordination and deconfliction between Military Training Routes (MTRs) is the
            operator's responsibility. When identifying an operational area the operator must

                                                              Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                            Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment            Page 5 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1010

evaluate whether an MTR will be affected. In the event the UAS operational area
overlaps (5 miles either side of centerline) an MTR, the operator will contact the
scheduling agency 24 hours in advance to coordinate and deconflict. Approval from
the scheduling agency is not required. Scheduling agencies are listed in the Area
Planning AP/1B Military Planning Routes North and South America, if unable to gain
access to AP/1B contact the FAA at email address
mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov with the IR/VR routes affected and the
FAA will provide the scheduling agency information. If prior coordination and
deconfliction does not take place 24 hours in advance, the operator must remain clear
of all MTRs.

B. Communication Requirements.

1. When operating in the vicinity of an airport without an operating control tower,
    announce your operations in accordance with the FAA Aeronautical Information
    Manual (AIM) 4-1-9 Traffic Advisory Practices at Airports without Operating Control
    Towers.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

Note: For all UAS requests not covered by the conditions listed below, the exemption
holder may apply for a new Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) at https://oeaaa.faa.gov/oeaaa/external/uas/portal.jsp

    This COA will allow small UAS (55 pounds or less) operations during daytime VFR
    conditions under the following conditions and limitations:

      (1) At or below 200 feet AGL; and

      (2) Beyond the following distances from the airport reference point (ARP) of a public use
           airport, heliport, gliderport, seaplane base and military airports listed in the
           Airport/Facility Directory, Alaska Supplement, or Pacific Chart Supplement of the
           U.S. Government Flight Information Publications.
               a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or

               b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instrument flight procedure, but not
                    having an operational control tower; or

               c) 2 NM from an airport not having a published instrument flight procedure or an
                    operational control tower; or

               d) 2 NM from a heliport, gliderport or seaplane base

D. Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

1. Lost Link/Lost Communications Procedures:

                                  Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                               Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 6 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1010

         · If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
             pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land.

         · The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

     2. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries defined in this COA must be reported to the FAA via email at
     mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
     to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the operator to resolve the matter. This COA does not
authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the scheduling agency. The
operator is hereby authorized to operate the small Unmanned Aircraft System in the National
Airspace System.

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
