September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12781
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1450

Mr. Kyle Falwell
Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC
4132 Richmond Highway
Lynchburg, VA 24501

Dear Mr. Falwell:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 27, 2015, and August 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial mapping and surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, and DJI
Inspire.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, and DJI Inspire when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 271 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.1 SE
Washington/ D.C. 20590

Central Virginia Aerial Solutions/ LLC
4132 Richmond Hwy
Lynchburg/ VA 24501
Kyle Falwell: (434) 851-1992
Connor Burke: (434}258-5361
Kyle@bonairbrokerage.com
connorb200377@gmail.com

Exemption Request for Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC under Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)

Dear Sir or Madam:

Central Virginia Aerial Solutions/ LLC (CVAS) requests exemptions from several provisions of the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) in accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012. CVAS seeks these exemptions in order to safely operate small
lightweight DJI unmanned aircraft systems (UASs) (detailed below) commercially (private
property mapping and surveys) in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA). The exemptions CVAS is requesting are Part 21; ㎣ 45.23(b); 61.113(a) and (b);
61.133(a); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b); 91.319(a)(1);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) of Title 141 Code of Federal Regulations (14
CFR part 11). The exemption would allow operation of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for
the purpose of precision aerial surveys.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization to use the system to support private property mapping and surveys:

 Marketing I Advertising

 Land Development

 Insurance Claims
 Forestry I Agriculture
 Golf Course Planning
 Construction
 Real Estate
 Inspections
 Land Appraisal

                           liPage
      Wildlife Management

     Resort I Recreation

      Vineyard and Winery

The DJI UASs systems consist of lightweight battery operated aircrafts, an integrated state of
the art ground station system and communications equipment. The aircrafts carry an onboard
high resolution camera (with first person view) that allows us to conduct precision aerial
photography and video. This technology will assist the Pilot in Commands (PIC) in providing the
upmost safety procedures and the public will benefit from these services. CVAS services will
help the commercial industry and not bring harm to any person in the air or on the ground.

Kyle Falwell, The co-owner of CVAS is an ATP pilot with Type ratings in the CE 500 and CE525
aircraft. Kyle will personally oversea all operations of safety. His extensive aviation background
will on aid in the safety of all CVAS operations.

The aircrafts of CVAS will be operated in the field of view with both a PIC and a ground-based
Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational
Requirements for UAS" with the following additional restrictions:

      All operations will occur in Class G airspace (below 400' AGL)
      Operations will be operated over private property, commercial property, or property

          (not federal or state) with permission of the land owner
      The aircraft will not operate within SNM of any airport or heliport (unless well-

          coordinated with the FAA and airport/heliport (detailed flight plans))
      Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions
      Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sign at no greater that X NM of the PIC at all

          times
      While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16
Personnel Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system
and will complete all necessary maintenance set forth by the FAA or manufacturer.

We submit that the combination of the aircrafts light weight historically demonstrated flight
performance, fully qualified flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in
8900.227, the FAA can have confidence that the operation will have an equivalent or greater
level of safety of manned aircraft performing similar operations. CVAS is dedicated to safety
and believes the company will not bring any harm to the public (air or ground).

Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UASs): User Manuals are attached

CVAS proposes to operate the DJI UASs Phantom 2, Phantom 2+, and the Inspire 1. The
petitioner states that given the size, weight, speed and limited operating area associated with
the aircraft to be utilized by the applicant, an exemption from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H

                                                                                                                                             21Page
(Airworthiness Certificates}, subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and
meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR Part 11 and Section 333
of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333}. The petitioner further states that UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate in the limited environment and under the conditions and limitations
proposed by the petitioner will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificated issued under 14 CFR Part 21,
Subpart H and not subject to the proposed conditions and limitations.

The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA} to be operated under this request is a
rotary-wing aircraft, with the smallest aircraft weighing 2.5 lbs (largest weighing 7.6 lbs) fully
loaded, flies at a maximum speed of 29 knots (not recommended}, carries neither a pilot nor
passengers, carries no flammable fuels, and operates exclusively within a pre-disclosed area.
Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator,
spotter, and local public safety requirements.

DJI Aircraft Specs: CVAS has a total of three aircraft listed in this exemption

Phantom 2(1): Serial Number: PH645195943

Weight: 2.5 pounds

Max Speed: 29 knots

Flight Time: 25 minutes

Battery: 3S LiPo, 5200mAh, 11.1V

Operating Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM (range 1000 meters) Note: We only operate with 100% line of
sight to the Aircraft (we do not lose visual of the aircraft)

First Person View: Yes

Phantom 2 Vision + (2): Serial Number: PH645199878 Serial Number: PH645240161

Weight: 2.7 pounds

Max Speed: 29 knots

Flight Time: 25 minutes

Battery: 3S LiPo, 5200mAh, 11.1V

Operating Frequency: 5.728-5.85 GHz

First Person View: Yes

Inspire (1): Serial Number: 0370010491

Weight: 7.6 pounds

                                                                                                                                      3IPage
 Max Speed: 31 knots

 Flight Time: 18 minutes

 Battery: LiPo(6S, 10000mAh~15000mAh, 15C(Min))

 Operating Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM (range 1000 meters) Note: We only operate with 100% line of
 sight to the Aircraft (we do not lose visual of the aircraft)

 First Person View: Yes

 UAS Pilot In Command

 The petitioner asserts that operations of the DJI should not be required to hold a commercial or
 private pilot certificate. However I Chief Safety Officer does. The petitioner notes that unlike a
 conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the DJI UASs are remotely
 controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. The petitioner proposes that
 operator requirements should take into account the characteristics of the particular UAS. The
 petitioner states that the DJI UASs have high degree of pre-programmed control and various
 built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the
 operating conditions set forth in its petition for exemption.

 CVAS will not allow the PIC to fly any aircraft without at least 40 hours of training flight time
 with the exact aircraft used for the business. The company has several private testing areas
 that are in a remote location with no vertical obstructions. This allows the PICs for CVAS to test
 all the systems and understand fail safe features to the fullest extent before conducting
 business with the UAS.

 PICs and VOs for Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC

 Kyle Falwell, Managing Member: (434) 851-1992
 Connor Burke, Member: (434)258-5361

 CVAS's PICs are well versed in all the safety features on the DJI aircrafts. They have spent
 countless hours perfecting the pre-flight, flight, and post flight procedures. CVAS's PICs can
 perform all necessary maintenance on the DJI aircrafts and if for some reason they are not able
 to fix aircraft to safety specifications, they will seek assistance with the strict parameters of the
 FAA and the DJI Flight Operational Manuals (Attached to the request).

 The name and contact information of the applicants are:

 Central Virginia Aerial Solutions, LLC
 4132 Richmond Hwy
 Lynchburg, VA 24501
 Kyle Falwell: (434) 851-1992
 Connor Burke: (434)258-5361
 Kyle@bonairbrokerage.com

                                                                                                                                          41Page
CVAS is prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an
equivalent level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us any
time if you require additional information or clarification.
Sincerely,

  /

                                                                                               5I Page
Aircraft DJI Inspire 1  Model
Gimbal                  T600
                        Weight (Battery Included)
                        2935 g
                        Hovering Accuracy (Gps Mode)
                        Vertical: 0.5 m
                        Horizontal: 2.5 m
                        Max Angular Velocity
                        Pitch: 300/s
                        Yaw: 150/s
                        Max Tilt Angle
                        35
                        Max Ascent Speed
                        5 m/s
                        Max Descent Speed
                        4m/s
                        Max Speed
                        22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
                        Max Flight Altitude
                        4500 m
                        Max Wind Speed Resistance
                        10 m/s
                        Max Flight Time
                        Approximately 18 minutes
                        Motor Model
                        DJI 3510
                        Propeller Model
                        DJI 1345
                        Indoor Hovering
                        Enabled by default
                        Operating Temperature Range
                        -10 to 40 C
                        Diagonal Distance
                        559 to 581 mm
                        Dimensions
                        438x451x301 mm

                        Model
                        ZENMUSEX3
                        Output Power (With Camera)
                        Static: 9 W
                        In Motion: 11 W
                        Operating Current
                        Station: 750 mA
Camera  Motion: 900 mA
        Angular Vibration Range
        0.03
        Mounting
        Detachable
        Controllable Range
        Pitch: -90 to +30
        Pan: 320
        Mechanical Range
        Pitch: -125 to +45
        Pan: 330
        Max Controllable Speed
        Pitch: 120/s
        Pan: 180/s

        Name
        X3
        Model
        FC350
        Total Pixels
        12.76M
        Effective Pixels
        12.4M
        Image Max Size
        4000x3000
        Iso Range
        100-3200 (video)
        100-1600 (photo)
        Electronic Shutter Speed

        8s - l/8000s

        Fov (Field Of View)
        94
        Cmos
        Sony EXMOR 112.3"
        Lens
        20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at co
        9 Elements in 9 groups
        Anti-distortion
        Still Photography Modes
        Single shoot
        Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
        Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frame~
        Time-lapse
Remote Controller  Video Recording Modes
                   UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25. 3840x2160p24/25/30
                   FHD: 1920xl080p24/25/30/48/50/60
                   HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
                   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                   60 Mbps
                   Supported File Formats
                   FAT32/exFAT
                   Photo: JPEG, DNG
                   Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
                   Supported Sd Card Types
                   Micro SD
                   Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating require
                   Operating Temperature Range
                   0 to 40 C

                   Name
                   Cl
                   Operating Frequency
                   922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                   5.725~5.825 GHz
                   2.400~2.483 GHz
                   Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
                   2km
                   Eirp
                   10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
                   Video Output Port
                   USB, mini-HDMI
                   Power Supply
                   Built-in battery
                   Charging
                   DJI charger
                   Dual User Capability
                   Host-and-Slave connection
                   Mobile Device Holder
                   Tablet or Phone
                   Max Mobile Device Width
                   170mm
                   Output Power
                   9W
                   Operating Temperature Range
                   -10 to 40 C
                   Storage Temperature Range
                   Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C
Charger             More than 3 months: 22 to 28 C
Battery (Standard)  Charging Temperature Range

Battery (Optional)  0-40 c

                    Battery
                    6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                    Model
                    A14-100PlA
                    Voltage

                    26.3 v

                    Rated Power
                    lOOW

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery
                    Model
                    TB47
                    Capacity
                    4500 mAh
                    Voltage

                    22.2 v

                    Battery Type
                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery
                    Energy
                    99.9 Wh
                    Net Weight
                    570 g
                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10 to 40 C
                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C
                    More than 3 months: 22 C to 28 C
                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0 to 40 C
                    Max Charging Power

                    180 w

                    Name
                    Intelligent Flight Battery
                    Model
                    TB48
                    Capacity
                    5700 mAh
                    Voltage

                    22.8 v

                    Battery Type
Vision Positioning  LiPo 6S
DJI Pilot App       Energy
                    129.96 Wh
                    Net Weight
                    670 g
                    Operating Temperature Range
                    -10 to 40 C
                    Storage Temperature Range
                    Less than 3 months: -20 to 45 C
                    More than 3 months: 22 to 28 C
                    Charging Temperature Range
                    0 to 40 C
                    Max Charging Power

                    180 w

                    Velocity Range
                    Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
                    Altitude Range
                    5-500 em
                    Operating Environment
                    Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
                    Operating Range
                    0-250 em

                    Mobile Device System Requirements
                    iOS 8.0 or later
                    Android 4.1.2 or later
                    Supported Mobile Devices
                    * Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, i
                    mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi +Cellular. This app is op
                    * Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus
                    *Support for additional Android devices available as tes
Aircraft        Supported Battery
                DJI 5200mAh LiPo Battery
Gimbal          Weight (Battery & Propellers Included)
Camera          1242g
Remote Control  Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)
                Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
                Max Yaw Angular Velocity
                200/s
                Max Tiltable Angle
                35
                Max Ascent I Descent Speed
                Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
                Max Flight Speed
                15m/s (Not Recommended)
                Diagonal Motor-Motor Distance
                350mm
                Working Current
                Static: 750mA; Dynamic: 900mA
                Control Accuracy
                0.03
                Controllable Range

                Pitch : -90 - 0

                Maximum Angular Speed
                Pitch : 90/s
                Operating Environment Temperature
                0캜-40캜
                Sensor Size
                1/2.3"
                Effective Pixels
                14 Megapixels
                Resolution
                4384x3288
                Hd Recording
                1080p30 & 720p
                Recording Fov
                110/85

                Operating Frequency

                5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz

                Communication Distance (Open Area)
                CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m
                Receiver Sensitivity (1 %Per)
                -93dBm
Range Extender  Transmitter Power
DJI VISION App  CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: lOOmW
                Working Voltage
                120 mA@3.7V
                Built-In Lipo Battery Working Current/Capacity
                3.7V, 2000mAh

                Operating Frequency
                2412-2462MHz
                Communication Distance (Open Area)
                500-700m
                Transmitter Power
                20dBm
                Power Consumption
                2W

                System Requirement Of Mobile Device
                iOS version 6.1 or above/ Android system version 4.0 o
                Mobile Device Support
                 iOS recommended: iPhone 4s, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, if
                 Android recommended: Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Not
GENERAL FEATURES

 Lightweight, multi-functional integrated aircraft and camera
 Camera remote-control by DJI VISION App
 Range Extender increases Wi-Fi distance to 300m
 Anti-vibration camera platform with single axis stabilisation
 Low-voltage protection
 Virtual Radar aircraft locator on mobile device
 Range of camera tilt options
 Multiple, continuous and timed capture options
 HD Video Recording (1 080/p30 or 1080/60i)
 RAW and JPEG picture formats

TRANSMITTER

 Operating Frequency:5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz

 Communication Distance ( open area ) : CE: 300m; FCC: 500m

 Receiver Sensitivity ( 1%PER) :-93dBm</td></tr>
 Transmitter Power:CE: 25mw; FCC: 125mw
 Working Voltage:80 mA@6V
 Battery:4 AA Batteries

CAMERA

 Resolution: 14 Megapixels
 FOV:140 o/120 /90 o
 Sensor size:1/2.3
 Functionality: Support of multi-capture, continuous capture and timed

        capture; Support of HD Recording (1 080/p30 or 1080/60i);Supports of both
        RAW and JPEG picture format

RANGE EXTENDER

 Operating Frequency:2412-2462MHz

 Communication Distance ( open area ) :300m
 Transmitter Power:<=17dBm
 Power Consumption:1.5W

DJI VISION APP
INSPIRE 1

Maintenance Manual

V1.0 2015.2

To ensure that your aircraft continues to offer optimal performance and to ensure flight
safety, it is recommended that comprehensive maintenance be performed after every
200 flights or 50 flight hours. This manual is intend to help users maintain their aircraft
and maximize its continued reliability.

I. Checking the Battery

1. Check the battery for damage and deformities. If there are any signs of damage to the battery, stop using it and
            discharge the battery to 10% or below for disposal. Do not disassemble the battery for any reason.

2. Check the battery pins and rub them clean with an eraser if any residue is observed. This will help to ensure a
            more reliable connection.

3. Check the metal battery power connectors for damage. If the connectors appear burnt, try to clear them. This can
            be done by inserting a piece of sandpaper (1 mm thick) into the connectors to polish the metal.

4. Check the contact pins in the battery compartment to ensure that the pins are clear. They should be able to
            establish easy contact with the battery connectors and should not be bent.

5. Check the electrodes on the battery. If they appear burnt, polish them with sandpaper. If there is serious erosion,
            send the battery in for repairs.

6. Check the plastic components of the battery bracket to see it is in good condition and that all screws are secure.
            This prevents the battery from becoming loose during flight.

7. Check the power cables between the arms and the center plate, if the cables are worn, contact DJI to arrange
            repairs.

8. For long term storage, please refer to the "Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines" and check the battery once
            a month to prevent the battery cell from being damaged.

9. Run the DJI Pilot App to confirm that all battery cells are at similar voltage levels and stay at the same level when
            the battery is fully charged. If all cells maintain voltage levels above 3.7V but any cell is 0.2V higher or lower
            than the others, contact DJI for analysis. You can also check the battery cell warning history. If any warning
            are reported, contact DJI.

II. Checking the Transformation System

1. Check the servomotor cables for wear. Also confirm that the connection points are still in good condition.

2. Check the lead screws and contact DJI Support to arrange repairs if any bending or damage is discovered. Clean
the lead screws with WD-40 spray if they show signs of rust.

3. Listen to the servomotors during the transformation, if there is abnormal noise, it may indicate that the servomotors
worn.

4. After the landing gear rises, check the lead screws and bearings. If any dirt or dust is found, clean and grease the
bearings.

5. Check the lead screws. If there is any scratches, dents, or plastic particles underneath them, contact DJI Support
to arrange repairs.

Ill. Checking the Aircraft

1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately tightened.

2. Check the aircraft for breaks or damage. If there is any reason to believe that detectable damage might affect flight
            safety, consult with DJI Support.

3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage.

4. Check the dampers on the landing gears. If they are loose, secure them with 502 glue.

5. Ensure that there are no obstacles on or around the GPS module or around the antennas on the landing gear.
            Remove any obstacles (such as tapes with conductive material) that might affect or block the signal.

6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the same tilt angle.

 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 1

IV. Checking the Motors

1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not become loose.

2. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Listen carefully. If there is any abnormal noise, please replace the
            motors. This may be a sign that the bearings have been worn out.

3. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Carefully examine the edge of the rotor and confirm that the shaft is
            perfectly centered on the motor. Check for any abnormal or excessive vibration. If any problems are
            detected, contact DJI Support to order replacement motors.

4. Check for deformities by confirming that the gap between the motor and motor base is even. If not contact DJI
            Support to order replacement motors.

5. Ensure that the screws used to secure the motor base are tight and the plastic components around the motors are
            in good condition. If not please tighten the screws and contact DJI to repair any broken plastic components.

V. Checking the Propellers

1. Check the propellers. If there is any bending, breakage or cracking on a propeller, do not use it.

2. Attach the propeller to the motor, turn on the aircraft, and place it on the ground. Stand 1 meter away from the
            aircraft and observe the rotating propellers. If you can see two distinct propeller outline layers, when looking
            at a spinning propeller from the side, this propeller is damaged and should not be used.

VI. Checking the IMU

1. Open DJI Pilot app to check the condition of the IMU and perform an advanced IMU calibration. Please place the
            aircraft in a cool environment and on a flat, stable surface (if the landing gear is damaged, support the
            aircraft with four objects of equal height). Do not touch the craft during the calibration.

2. Turn on the aircraft and listen for any abnormal noise or vibration from the fan located on the front of the aircraft. If
            any irregularity is detected, replace the fan.

VII. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System
1. Check the 4 antennas on the landing gear to ensure that they are secure. Also check for any bending or damage.

2. Check the antennas of the remote controller for damage

3. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace if necessary.
VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera

1. The quick-mount connector for the camera is a particularly vulnerable component. If the gimbal fails to initialize
when turned on, fails to work after initialization, or fails to transmit video to the app (while OSD data is displayed), the
quick-mount connector may be worn. In this case, replace the rubber mat, circuit board, and/or connector on the
gimbal quick-mount.

2. Check the metal contacts on the quick mount connector board, if any contact is bent, replace the quick-mount
connector.

3. Check the contact pins on the quick-mount connector board, if there is any dirt, rub it clean with an eraser. If any
contact pins are worn out it should be replaced.

4. Confirm that the gimbal is able to properly stabilize itself. If its stabilizing performance deteriorates, contact DJI to
arrange repairs.

5. Listen for any abnormal noise from the fan when the gimbal is turned on. This may indicate unusual vibration and
the fan should be replaced.

IX. Checking the Vision Positioning System

1. Check the lens of the camera. If any dirt or residue is detected, gently clean the lens.

2. Check for and remove objects that might block the sensors.

3. Ensure that the Vision Positioning System is securely installed on the aircraft.

4. Detach the propellers and turn on the aircraft. Hold the aircraft 1-2 meters above a surface with rich patterns, under
good lighting conditions. Change the Flight Mode switch to P Mode on the controller and check the DJI Pilot app. If
the app displays an altitude value and indicates that P-OPTI mode is active, the Vision Positioning System should
function normally.

Support Center Contact Info:

http://www.dji.com/support

The content is subject to change.

Download the latest version from http://www.dji.com/productlinspire-1/download

 2015 OJI. All Rights Reserved. 2
DJI Inspire 1

Flight Check list:

---Fully charge remote and battery
---close ALL apps in Ipad AND put it in airplane mode

----make sure the DJI pilot app is closed.
----Make sure prop locks are secure
----Tum Inspire on and Remote on
----Tum ios app on
----Press Camera button
----Make sure all firmwares are uptodate and the app confirms it

---Caliberate Compass
---Press Mode button
----Press "advanced settings"
----Press "sensor"
----Caliberate IMU advanced----Press button "HD" always use "CUSTOM" channel
---Watch channels in my case the cleanest channel in 2.4 mhz is "32"
---Pick channel "32" The blue Bar should be in your chosen channel in my case "32
---Choose "midline image tranmission quality" it gives about 1 mile range
---Close menu
----Take both RX TX outside get a good sat Hock on GPS
----Press both sticks inwards and down ..mark your home..lady should confirm in app
---FLY
---The reason the RC connection may break is as folows
---there is ipad in the way between Sky and the two antennas that should be pointing to the sky always! AND::
---You have left the ipad in regular mode and not "airplane" mode
---You have not selected "off' under "set RC status" but have selected "master" or slave---You have selected a
from 2.4 ghz devices in your neighboorhood (go Back and pick the cleanest channel)
PHANTOM2

Maintenance Manual

V1.0 2015.2

To ensure that your aircraft continues to offer optimal performance and to ensure flight
safety, it is recommended that comprehensive maintenance be performed after every
200 flights or 50 flight hours. This manual is intend to help users maintain their aircraft
and maximize its continued reliability.

I. Checking the Battery

1. Check the battery for damage and deformities. If there are any signs of damage to the battery, stop using it and
            discharge the battery to 10% or below for disposal. Do not disassemble the battery for any reason.

2. Check the battery pins and rub them clean with an eraser if any residue is observed. This will help to ensure a
            more reliable connection.

3. Check the metal battery power connectors for damage. If the connectors appear burnt, try to clear them. This can
            be done by inserting a piece of sandpaper (1 mm thick) into the connectors to polish the metal.

4. Check the contact pins in the battery compartment to ensure that the pins are clear. They should be able to
            establish easy contact with the battery connectors and should not be bent.

5. Check the electrodes on the battery. If they appear burnt, polish them with sandpaper. If there is serious erosion,
            send the battery in for repairs.

6. Check the plastic components of the battery bracket to see it is in good condition and that all screws are secure.
            This prevents the battery from becoming loose during flight.

7. Check the power cables between the arms and the center plate, if the cables are worn, contact DJI to arrange
            repairs.

8. For long term storage, please refer to the "Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines" and check the battery once
            a month to prevent the battery cell from being damaged.

9. Run the DJI Pilot App to confirm that all battery cells are at similar voltage levels and stay at the same level when
            the battery is fully charged. If all cells maintain voltage levels above 3.7V but any cell is 0.2V higher or lower
            than the others, contact DJI for analysis. You can also check the battery cell warning history. If any warning
            are reported, contact DJI.

II. Checking the Transformation System

1. Check the servomotor cables for wear. Also confirm that the connection points are still in good condition.

2. Check the lead screws and contact DJI Support to arrange repairs if any bending or damage is discovered. Clean
the lead screws with WD-40 spray if they show signs of rust.

3. Listen to the servomotors during the transformation, if there is abnormal noise, it may indicate that the servomotors
worn.

4. After the landing gear rises, check the lead screws and bearings. If any dirt or dust is found, clean and grease the
bearings.

5. Check the lead screws. If there is any scratches, dents, or plastic particles underneath them, contact DJI Support
to arrange repairs.

Ill. Checking the Aircraft

1. Confirm that all the screws are still adequately tightened.

2. Check the aircraft for breaks or damage. If there is any reason to believe that detectable damage might affect flight
            safety, consult with DJI Support.

3. Check the carbon tubes of the arms for damage.

4. Check the dampers on the landing gears. If they are loose, secure them with 502 glue.

5. Ensure that there are no obstacles on or around the GPS module or around the antennas on the landing gear.
             Remove any obstacles (such as tapes with conductive material) that might affect or block the signal.

6. Check that the right and left landing gear rest at the same tilt angle.

 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 1

IV. Checking the Motors

1. Check the rotors to confirm that they have not become loose.

2. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Listen carefully. If there is any abnormal noise, please replace the
            motors. This may be a sign that the bearings have been worn out.

3. Detach the propellers and start the motors. Carefully examine the edge of the rotor and confirm that the shaft is
            perfectly centered on the motor. Check for any abnormal or excessive vibration. If any problems are
            detected, contact DJI Support to order replacement motors.

4. Check for deformities by confirming that the gap between the motor and motor base is even. If not contact DJI
            Support to order replacement motors.

5. Ensure that the screws used to secure the motor base are tight and the plastic components around the motors are
            in good condition. If not please tighten the screws and contact DJI to repair any broken plastic components.

V. Checking the Propellers

1. Check the propellers. If there is any bending, breakage or cracking on a propeller, do not use it.

2. Attach the propeller to the motor, turn on the aircraft, and place it on the ground. Stand 1 meter away from the
            aircraft and observe the rotating propellers. If you can see two distinct propeller outline layers, when looking
            at a spinning propeller from the side, this propeller is damaged and should not be used.

VI. Checking the IMU

1. Open DJI Pilot app to check the condition of the IMU and perform an advanced IMU calibration. Please place the
            aircraft in a cool environment and on a flat, stable surface (if the landing gear is damaged, support the
            aircraft with four objects of equal height). Do not touch the craft during the calibration.

2. Turn on the aircraft and listen for any abnormal noise or vibration from the fan located on the front of the aircraft. If
            any irregularity is detected, replace the fan.

VII. Checking the Control and Video Transmission System
1. Check the 4 antennas on the landing gear to ensure that they are secure. Also check for any bending or damage.

2. Check the antennas of the remote controller for damage

3. Check the neck strap for damage or wear, replace if necessary.

VIII. Checking the Gimbal and Camera

1. The quick-mount connector for the camera is a particularly vulnerable component. If the gimbal fails to initialize
when turned on, fails to work after initialization, or fails to transmit video to the app (while OSD data is displayed), the
quick-mount connector may be worn. In this case, replace the rubber mat, circuit board, and/or connector on the
gimbal quick-mount.

2. Check the metal contacts on the quick mount connector board, if any contact is bent, replace the quick-mount
connector.

3. Check the contact pins on the quick-mount connector board, if there is any dirt, rub it clean with an eraser. If any
contact pins are worn out it should be replaced.

4. Confirm that the gimbal is able to properly stabilize itself. If its stabilizing performance deteriorates, contact DJI to
arrange repairs.

5. Listen for any abnormal noise from the fan when the gimbal is turned on. This may indicate unusual vibration and
the fan should be replaced.

IX. Checking the Vision Positioning System

1. Check the lens of the camera. If any dirt or residue is detected, gently clean the lens.

2. Check for and remove objects that might block the sensors.

3. Ensure that the Vision Positioning System is securely installed on the aircraft.

4. Detach the propellers and turn on the aircraft. Hold the aircraft 1-2 meters above a surface with rich patterns, under
good lighting conditions. Change the Flight Mode switch toP Mode on the controller and check the DJI Pilot app. If
the app displays an altitude value and indicates that P-OPTI mode is active, the Vision Positioning System should
function normally.

Support Center Contact Info:

http://www.dji.com/support

The content is subject to change.

Download the latest version from http://www.dji.com/productlinspire-1/download

 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved. 2
Phantom 2 Vision + Mission Checklists!

psFiight.org!

1. Hover approximately ten feet above the ground to confirm UAS
       is under control.!

2. All sticks operate correctly while in hover -Verified!

1. Camera - Full Up! 2. Video Recorder- Stop! 3. Landing Zone -

!Clear I Safe!

1. Battery- Remove & Replace! 2. Wifi Connection to Monitor-

!Verified! 3. DJI application - Connect to Camera! 4. Takeoff!

End of Ops Checklist!
1. Battery- Off!
2. Transmitter- Off!
3. Router- Off!
4. Notify Tower/CTAF- End of Ops

I



Arrival Checklist!
1. If day and operating out of back of vehicle, point vehicle into
        sun.!
2. Remove case and place on level surface.!
3. Check distance to nearest airport and/or controlled airspace

        using smartphone or tablet app.!
4. If required, use VHF aviation transceiver, to contact tower of

       field if closer than 5 NM.!
5. Inform tower I CTAF of UAS ops, location, and max height of

       flight.!

1. Remove transmitter.!
2. Router- On!
3. Transmitter - On!
4. Toggle Switches- Full Up!
5. Video Monitor - On!
6. Remove UAS from case.!

7. Gimbal Lock & Lens Cap - Removed!

8. Micro-SO card- Inserted.!
9. UAS Battery - Inserted!
10. Place UAS in clear and safe launch and recovery position if it

       returns to home.!
11. UAS Battery - On!
12. Wifi Connection to Monitor- Verified!
13. DJI Application - Load!
14. DJI application - Connect to Camera!
15. SD Card - Format!
16. Camera - Full Up!
17. Satellite Connections- Verified!
18. Charge Levels - Safe for Flight!
19. Video Recording- Start!
20. Takeoff!
