August 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12549
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2109

Mr. Timothy Ravich, Esq.
Ravich Law Firm, P.A.
Counsel
2155 Lake Baldwin Lane, 209
Orlando, FL 32814

Dear Mr. Ravich:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Certified Productions Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography for the motion picture and television industry for scripted closed set filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Certified Productions Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                  3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Certified Productions Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000, DJI
    Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
    are permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
            RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

TIMOTHY M. RAVICH

CERTIFIED BY THE FLORIDA
BAR IN AVIATION LAW

May 27, 2015

James H. Williams
Manager
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Office
AFS-80
800 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, D.C. 20591

Dear Mr. Williams:

Enclosed please find an exemption application filed on behalf of Certified Productions, Inc. under
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 to allow
It to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry for scripted closed
set filming consistent with almost identical exemptions already granted by the Federal Aviation
Adminsitration

Please contact me at travich@ravichlawfirm.com or at 305-213-1223 with any questions.

                                                           Best regards,

            Timothy M. Ravich

Enclosures

www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

TIMOTHY M. RAVICH

CERTIFIED BY THE FLORIDA
BAR IN AVIATION LAW

May 27, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Certified Productions Inc. ("CPI"), the operator of Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems ("sUASs"), seeks exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs--a DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI
Phantom 3--to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry for
scripted closed set filming, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as established by the FAA in an exemption granted under either
Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f).1

CPI is willing to abide by conditions the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") has required in
issuing recent Section 333 exemptions, specifically Exemptions Nos. 114440 to Wild Rabbit
Productions LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2015-0168), 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS
Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket
No. FAA-2014-0642).

CPI's stipulations and the fact the FAA has issued grants of exemption for close set motion
picture and television filming in circumstances and as to aircraft similar in all respects to the
instant petition should give the FAA a basis for summary consideration and processing of this
request.

    1 The conditions proposed here are drawn from Order 8900.1 CHG 0, Volume 3, Chapter 8
­ Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions
to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned
aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Moreover, the requested exemption would authorize commercial operations of aerial
photography for the motion picture and television industry for scripted closed set filming using
sUASs with a maximum take-off weight of approximately 25 pounds. Operation of small
unmanned UAS will be operated under controlled conditions at low altitude in airspace that is
limited in scope, as described more fully herein; it will have automated control features, as
described herein. The sUASs also will be operated by an individual possessing a private pilot
certificate. Finally, the airspace in which the UAS will operate will be disclosed to the FAA in
advance.

CPI respectfully submits that because its small, unmanned aerial vehicle will be used in lieu of
comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional
aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that the operations will achieve at least an equivalent
level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and
fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section
333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant are:

Certified Productions Inc.
Attn: Frank Arant
2314 Heavenly View
Henderson, Nevada 89014
Ph: 702-610-8675
Email: pilot675@gmail.com

Ravich Law Firm, P.A.
Attn: Timothy Ravich, Esq.
2155 Lake Baldwin Lane, 209
Orlando, Florida 32814
Ph: 305-213-1223
Email: travich@ravichlawfirm.com

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2);
14.C.F.R. § 91.103;
14 C.F.R. § 109;
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c);
14 C.F.R. § 91.121;
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a);
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2); and
14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in
the public interest. Appendix B provides the requisite Federal Register summary.

                    THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

CPI submits that grant of this exemption application for use of small unmanned rotorcraft for the
purpose of scripted, closed-set filming for the motion picture and television industry will advance
the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of
UASs into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be accomplished safely. This law
directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in
the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In
making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of
the following:

     The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
     Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(a)(1).

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).2

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§ 40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

                   The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of
                   a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section
                   or any of sections 44702- 44716 of this title if the Administrator
                   finds the exemption is in the public interest.

49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a); 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14 C.F.R. §
91.203(a)(1).

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning to UASs
for the activities detailed.

Indeed, CPI's sUAVs are rotorcraft weighing substantially less than 55 lbs. including payload.
They operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and they have the
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will
operate only within VLOS and only within the sterile area described in the Confidential Motion
Picture and Television Operations Manual and Flight Operations and Procedures Manual
attached as Exhibit 1 (hereinafter "the Operating Manual").3 Such operations will insure that the
UA will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." Accordingly,
the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

    2 Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process
applications for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the
conditions proposed herein require modification to allow approval, to supply conditions for the
safe operation of the UAS. CPI welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to
address any issues or concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require
modification.

    3 FAA Licensed Commercial Pilots, a Certified Flight Instructor, a FAA Designated
Engineering Representative, and members of the motion picture industry have reviewed this
manual and have found it acceptable for UAV flight operations in the film and television industry.
Applicant submits this manual as a confidential document under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b) as the
entire manual contains private and proprietary information that is not available to the public and
is protected from release to the public under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et
seq.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

                            AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at
least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to operations that
would be conducted with conventional aircraft. These conditions are drawn from Exemptions
11062 through 11067, 11080, and 11440. These limitations and conditions to which CPI (or
"operator") agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued
exemption include:

         1. The unmanned aerial vehicle weighs less than 55 pounds, including batteries
and camera gimbal. Operations requested in this petition for exemption are limited to the
following aircraft described in the proprietary operator's manual: DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and
DJI Phantom 3 ("UA"). Proposed operations of any other UA will require a new petition or an
amendment.

         2. The UA shall not be flown at a speed exceeding a ground speed of 50 knots.

         3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes
reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

         5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy
the VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC
must be able to communicate verbally at all times.

         6. The operator's manual shall be maintained and made available to the
Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this
exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions and limitations
herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
procedures as outlined in its operator's manual. The operator may update or revise its
operator's manual. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present
updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator
determines that any update or revision would affect the basis of this exemption, then the
operator must petition for amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office
(AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's
manual.

         7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station shall be
included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations shall be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

         8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
a functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the
functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry are included in
the operator's manual.

         9. The operator shall follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. An aircraft
maintenance manual with maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements has been established and included in the operator's
manual.

         10. The Pilot-In-Command (PIC) shall possess at least a private pilot certificate and
at least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review
requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her
pilot certificate.

         11. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
§ 61.51 (b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot
and at least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor).
Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time.
During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
operations are considered non-participants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
distance from non-participants in accordance with 14 C.P.R.§ 91.119.

         12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, the PIC
must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.P.R. § 61.51 (b), a
minimum of five hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model of UAS to be utilized for
operations under the exemption and three take-offs and three landings in the preceding 90
days. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights
all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must
operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.P.R.§
91.119.

         13. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, the PIC
and visual observer (VO) must have successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined
in the operator's manual. The test has been developed by the operator and shall be
implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole discretion of the operator. A record of
completion of this qualification process must be documented and made available to the
Administrator upon request.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

         14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, a flight
demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and qualified pilot must be successfully
completed and documented. This documentation must be available for review upon request by
the Administrator. Because the knowledge and airmanship test qualifications have been
developed by the operator, the petitioner will conduct these tests in accordance with the
operator's manual.

         15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
consenting production personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

         16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual has
safety mitigations for authorized and consenting production personnel. At all times, those
persons must be essential to the closed-set film operations. Because these procedures are
specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or Aviation Safety Inspector (ASI) approval is
necessary for reductions to the distances specified in the petitioner's manuals. This is consistent
with the manned aircraft procedures described in FAA Order 8900.1, V3, C8, S1 Issue a
Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.

         17. Regarding distance from non-participating persons, the operator must ensure
that no persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be involved
and necessary for the filming production. This provision may be reduced to no less than 200
feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the Administrator has approved it. For example,
an equivalent level of safety may be determined by an aviation safety inspector's evaluation of
the filming production area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings, safety barriers, etc.
Such barriers may protect non-participating persons (observers, the public, news media, etc.)
from debris in the event of an accident. This is also consistent with the same FAA Order 8900.1,
V3, C8, Sl.

         18. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
predetermined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance
with the operator's manual.

         19. The UA must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.

         20. Each UA operation must be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25%
battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

         21. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption.
This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than
72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

         22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be registered in
accordance with 14 C.P.R. part 47.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

         23. The operator has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of
the UA maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
component parts, and the total time in service of the UA.

         24. Each UA must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins and firmware
updates.

         25. The operator has developed UA technician qualification criteria and they are
included in the operator's manual.

         26. The preflight inspection accounts for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection sections of the
operator's manual.

         27. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA complies
with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government
oversight agency requirements.

         28. At least three days before scheduled filming, the operator of the UAS affected by
this exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local FSDO with jurisdiction over
the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the concurrence of the
FSDO. The requirements for a plan of activities and a sample form are in the operator's manual.

         29. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 and § 91.203 must be available
to the PIC at the ground control station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
request.

         30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

         31. UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1.
All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized

         32. The UA cannot be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

         33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

         34. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a
nontowered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the
airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

         35. Any 1) incident, 2) accident, or 3) flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
to the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not be conducted
until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and authorization to resume
operations is provided.

Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator, the PIC, and operator must comply with all
applicable parts of 14 C.F.R. including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

Privacy. All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
prior consent and knowledge. Inspection will be in areas where the owners will have consented
to the inspections or otherwise have agreed to allow the UAS and the operator to be in the area
where inspection will take place.

National Security. No national security issue is raised by the grant of this exemption. Given the
size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no explosives
or other dangerous materials, the sUAS poses no threat to national security.

In summary, CPI seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth in Appendix A to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) in aerial photography for the motion
picture and television industry for scripted closed set filming. Approval of this exemption for
commercial aerial survey operations will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional
operations, using jet or piston powered aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from
the subject being inspected and in extreme proximity to people and structures. Such manned
operations present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in excess of 6,000 lbs., carrying
large amounts of jet A or other fuel. Such aircraft must fly to and from the project location. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than six lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of
that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is
carried to the target area and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and,
therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in
areas that are under the control of the customer. As a result, they are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with manned aircraft operating in close proximity to the
ground and people. Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012
­ size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
operation within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of
applicant's UAS for the Purposes outlined herein and are consistent with exemptions already
granted, including Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109 through 11112, and 11114.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                              RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Ravich, Esq.
Counsel for Certified Productions, Inc.

Cc: Frank Arant, Certified Productions, Inc.

www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

                                                       APPENDIX A

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1).

Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level
of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49
U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft
from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular
UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be
at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The UAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured and designated area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator and under the
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements. These safety
enhancements provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than
conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.

Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national
security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of
explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which a registration mark
can be placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. In case,
applicant will place markings on the UAS as large as practicable under 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f).

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

Pursuant to 14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b), no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act
as a pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

The proposed UAS operations may achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
Regulations because the applicant's UAS do not carry any pilots or passengers nor property.
The risks attendant to the operation of UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
commercial activities outlined in 14 CFR 61. The PIC of the UAS will be, or be under the direct
supervision of, a FAA Certificated Private Pilot with current Third Class or higher medical
certificate. It is believed that the operation and limitations set forth in the operations manuals will
equate to the safe operation of the UAS.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition.

As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be
granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of
the aircraft for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to each flight, an equivalent level
of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2) For
which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this chapter, unless
there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

The UAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on
the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. The equivalent level of safety will be maintained
by keeping the flight manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have
immediate access to it.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action.

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the
safety of flight.

As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will
be needed. The PIC will take all actions as stated in the operations manual for normal
procedures including but not limited to reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing
and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109: Flight Instruction.

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

UAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers
will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.
As this exemption is for a UAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to
operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform from which
filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein,
the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL with the exception that in circumstances
where the UAS is used to survey or photograph a structure whose height exceeds 400 feet
AGL, the UAS will not be operated more than 200 feet above the highest point on the structure.
It will however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and
people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS as
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and
participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the
maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or
below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation
between these UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply
with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings.

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure."

As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an U.S.
exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator,

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

pursuant to the safety check list and live flight data monitoring, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. Operating the UAS in a tightly controlled area where only people and property
owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed does not engender
the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the
small UAS. The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting
flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery power -- whichever happens first. This restriction would
be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its
limited operating area.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the
following:

An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.

No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph
(a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin
or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs well under the proposed 55-lb limit and is operated without an
onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration
documents or to display them on the UAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
keeping these documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have
immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided
in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because the UAS is very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate
only in restricted areas for a limited period of time.
If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover,
the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft
in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
                                           RAVICH LAW FIRM, P.A.

                                                       APPENDIX B
SUMMARY OF CPI SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST
For publication in the Federal Register, CPI hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of
its exemption application to allow commercial operation of the DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and
DJI Phantom 3 unmanned aircraft in to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and
television industry for scripted closed set filming. An exemption is requested from the following
regulations:
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2);
14.C.F.R. § 91.103;
14 C.F.R. § 109;
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c);
14 C.F.R. § 91.121;
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a);
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2); and
14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)
Please contact me at travich@ravichlawfirm.com or at 305-213-1223 with any questions.

                                                           Best regards,

                                                           Timothy M. Ravich

 www.ravichlawfirm.com  2155 Lake Baldwin Park, Ste. 209, Orlando, Florida 32814  travich@ravichlawfirm.com
