May 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11492
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0322

Mr. Joshua L. Vilches
C.E.T. Aviation
20 West Gilbert Road
Southbury, CT 06488

Dear Mr. Vilches:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of C.E.T. Aviation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial filming
and photography that will support the needs of the advertising and marketing in a variety of
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Flame Wheel F550.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, C.E.T. Aviation is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, C.E.T. Aviation is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Flame Wheel
         F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Petition for Exemption Under Section 333

                                                             February 6, 2015

                                                             Joshua L. Vilches
                                                                C.E.T. Aviation

                                                         20 West Gilbert Rd.
                                          Southbury, Connecticut 06488

                                                               (646) 483-0110
                                                 jvilches@cetaviation.com

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam,

C.E.T. Aviation is requesting that the FAA review and approve this petition for exemption under
section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 from certain regulations,
specified in this letter, within Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) to allow for the
commercial operation of a small Unmanned Aircraft System in the National Airspace System
(NAS), for the purpose of providing aerial filming and photography that will support the needs
of advertising and marketing in a variety of industries.

C.E.T. Aviation understands the FAA's concern in the regulation of Unmanned Aircraft operating
in the National Airspace System and believes a level of safety and efficiency can coexist with
both manned and unmanned aircraft if certain regulations and guidelines are followed. C.E.T.
Aviation has developed a Flight Operations Manual that will be used as guidance to conduct a
safe operation using a risk based approach. A copy of this manual has been included in this
petition package for your reference. This manual describes the physical specifications and
performance data of the UAS and explains how flight operations will be conducted in greater
detail. This manual also defines persons authorized to pilot the UAS as well as maintain it. We
have also included manufacturer owner/user manuals for the components that are installed in
the UAS for review. These documents provide information on how to install, operate,
troubleshoot and maintain the UAS. These documents also contain FCC compliance statements
for the components that transmit a radio signal. You will also find copies ofthe pilot's
certificates and a photograph of the Unmanned Aircraft System.

                                                            Page 1 oflS
Name and Address of the Applicant

Joshua Larry Vilches
C.E.T. Aviation
20 West Gilbert Rd.
Southbury, C.T. 06488
Tel: 646-483-0110
jvilches@cetaviation.com

Unmanned Aircraft System

     1. The small UAS that will be operated by C.E.T. Aviation is called a DJI Flame Wheel F550
          and is distributed by DJIInnovations to a dealer network. The DJI Flame Wheel F550
          arrives at its dealers in kit form and can be custom assembled by the end user. One such
          kit was assembled by RC Hobbies & More in Winsted, Connecticut and was purchased by
          C.E.T. Aviation. Its airframe, motors and propellers have been serialized. This particular
          UAS design is a vertical takeoff and landing hexa-copter, using six electric motors, each
          driving a respective propeller for thrust propulsion and flight control maneuverability.
          Its maximum takeoff weight is 5.29 pounds. Its operational flight speed is from 0 to 30
          mph. Its payload is a video camera gimbal assembly and a small high definition video
          camera. The flight time is 12 minutes plus an additional 25% energy reserve for a fully
          charged battery. The onboard flight control system assists in the flight attitude
          stabilization of the UAS; provides telemetry information such as altitude and battery
          capacity; provides position location for failsafe modes through the use of GPS and
          accelerometers and initiates the failsafe modes (return to home auto-land) for lost
          control link. Additional failsafe modes also includes 2 levels low battery capacity
          warnings and thrust equalization in the event of a failed thrust motor. Please refer to
          the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations Manual and supporting manuals and documents for
          additional detailed information regarding the UAS specifications and performance.

     2. C.E.T. Aviation has developed preflight, postflight and emergency checklists to be used
          during UAS operations. A maintenance program has also been developed for the UAS
          and the identification of persons authorized to perform maintenance has been
          determined. Detailed information pertaining to checklists and maintenance of the UAS
          can be found in the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations Manual.

     3. This DJI Flame Wheel F550 is controlled by the PIC, at a ground station, using a radio
          control transmitter that transmits on 2.4 GHz radio frequency. The radio control
          transmitter conforms to FCC Part 15 regulations as stated in its instruction manual.
          There is a live video camera feed that is shown on a video display monitor located at this
          ground station. This link is handled by a wireless video transmission system that
          transmits low power on 5.8 GHz radio frequency and it conforms to FCC Part 15
          regulations as stated in its supporting documents. Please refer to the C.E.T. Aviation

                                                                    Page 2 of 15
          Flight Operations Manual and supporting manuals and documents for additional
          detailed information regarding UAS operation and regulatory compliance statements.

Unmanned Aircraft Pilot in Command (PIC} and Visual Observer (VO}

     4. The small UAS will be operated by a pilot in command (PICL Joshua Vilches, and a visual
          observer (VO}, Ryan Voight, who will both ensure that a constant visual line of sight is
          maintained and that the environment surrounding the intended flight path ofthe UAS is
          unobstructed and will not pose a danger to persons or property. Both the PIC and VO
          have been training together using the procedures and guidelines contained in the C.E.T.
          Aviation Flight Operations Manual. The PIC intends to pilot the UAS for at least 25 hours
          offlight time before conducting commercial flight operations in order to become
          familiar with normal and emergency procedures applicable to operating the small UAS.
               · Joshua Vilches (PIC} holds a Private's Pilot's certificate (#3461547} with 220
                    hours of total flight time primarily in fixed wing, single engine aircraft and 5
                    hours in rotor wing aircraft and maintains Flight Review currency. He also holds
                    an Airframe and Powerplant certificate (#3461547} with Inspection Authorization
                    and has been actively maintaining full size aircraft for the past 17 years. Joshua
                    has graduated with a Bachelors of Science degree in Aircraft Maintenance
                    Technology from Pennsylvania College of Technology. He is proficient in flying
                    fixed wing, rotor wing, and multi-rotor, radio controlled model aircraft for the
                    past 22 years and has approximately 1,000 hours of flight time. This has included
                    fixed wing model aircraft aerobatic competition. He is also an amateur hang
                    gliding enthusiast and has been piloting weight shift hang gliders for 4 years.
               · Ryan Voight (VO} has approximately 65 hours operating quad-copter type
                    Unmanned Aircraft Systems that weigh under 5 lbs for recreation. He also has 20
                    years of experience operating radio controlled model sailplanes and is a
                    professional hang gliding instructor who has been piloting weight shift hang
                    gliders for more than 20 years. His hang gliding rating class and abilities to fly
                    cross country has required him to be tested on aeronautical and airspace
                    knowledge. Ryan attended Marist College and majored in Communications
                    specifically radio, television and film.

     5. Joshua Vilches (PIC} holds a valid Third Class Medical. Refer to the supporting
          documents contained in this petition package.

Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft

     6. C.E.T. Aviation will ensure flight operations are conducted safely by following
          established regulations, guidelines and procedures in order to mitigate risk. The PIC will
          maintain flight currency with the UAS as outlined in the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations
          Manual; the PIC will be responsible for notifying the applicable FAA Flight Standards

                                                            Page 3 of 15
     District Office of the intended flight operation 3 days prior; the PIC and/or VO will
     gather current and forecasted weather information for the day(s) of the flight
     operations; the PIC will ensure the UAS is in serviceable condition and will use preflight,
     postflight, and emergency checklists. The PIC shall not operate the UAS more than an
     altitude of 400 feet above the ground (AGL) and no more than 1,000 feet laterally from
     the UAS ground control station. More detailed information regarding UAS flight
     operation policies and procedures can be found in the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations
     Manual. These policies and procedures along with FAA Regulations will ensure a safe
     and efficient entry into the National Airspace System.

7. The small UAS operated by C.E.T. Aviation has a maximum speed of 30mph (26kts) and
     shall not be operated more than 400 feet above the ground. The PIC and VO will ensure
     that the UAS is not operated when the flight visibility is 3 statute miles or less and will
     maintain cloud clearances of 500 feet below and 2,000 feet horizontal. The UAS is never
     to be flown above any cloud line therefore no cloud clearance from above is given.
     Flying in inclement weather such as visible precipitation and local lightning strikes, and
     winds greater than 15 mph or 13 knots as measured at the ground, is prohibited. Flying
     at night is prohibited.

8. Operating close to the ground and within tight quarters may impose potential hazards.
     The small UAS operated by C.E.T. Aviation has the ability to hover and its flight attitude
     is stabilized through the use of an onboard flight control system independent of GPS
     signal. There are also built in fail safe modes in the event of lost GPS signal, lost control
     link, failed motor and weak battery levels. The UAS has the ability to autonomously
     return to the take off position and will reduce power settings in the event of a weak
     battery. The VO shall be responsible in ensuring non-essential, non-participating
     personnel do not interfere with the PIC and will monitor the UAS altitude information so
     that the PIC does not operate the UAS higher than 400 feet AGL. C.E.T. Aviation will not
     conduct any flight operations near, in or over stadiums; or over large gatherings of
     personnel. Personnel that are non-essential to the closed-set filming operations area are
     not allowed within 500 feet. This may be reduced to 200 feet if it would not adversely
     affect safety and the Administrator has approved it.

9. C.E.T. Aviation will not conduct any flight operations at any publicly open, towered or
     non-towered airport. The PIC shall ensure that flight operations are restricted to greater
     than 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of all publicly open, towered or non-
     towered airports as denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical charts. The UAS
     may not operate in Class B, C, or D surface airspace.

10. Regarding the FAA's concern with visual line-of-sight (VLOS), at least one crew member
     of the operating flight crew will maintain unobstructed (corrective lenses and sunglasses
     allowed), visual line of sight of the UAS at all times. Sometimes it is necessary for the PIC
     to momentarily view a separate, "live feed" monitor linked to the on board camera to
     keep the recorded subject matter in view. When this occurs, the PIC will call out, "Clear

                                                       Page 4 of 15
          to look down?" The VO will maintain line of sight to the UAS and ensure that it will not
          be in danger of flying into any obstructions. The VO shall respond with ul see the
          aircraft, clear". Once the PIC looks back up to the UAS, he or she shall respond with ul
          see the aircraft". The use of First Person View goggles by the PIC or VO is strictly
          prohibited.

     11. C.E.T. Aviation has established a preflight checklist as outlined in the Flight Operations
          Manual. This checklist ensures flight planning has been performed and ensures the UAS
          is in serviceable condition before flight operations are conducted.

     12. The PIC will be responsible for notifying the local governing FAA Flight Standards District
          Office (FSDO) at least 3 days prior to the scheduled day of flight. This will be in the form
          of a written Plan of Activities which will include at least the following information:

          A) Dates and times of all flights
          B) Name and phone number of the operator of the UAS
         C) Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

               the UAS
          D) Make, model, serial number and N-number ofthe UAS to be used
          E) Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the flight operations event
          F) A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

               and/or local officials to conduct the flight operations even; the list of those who
               gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request
          G) Signature of exemption-holder or representative
          H) A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
               town, county, and/or state over which flight operations will be conducted and the
               altitudes essential to accomplish the operation

Public Interest and National Security

C.E.T. Aviation intends to service the needs of aerial filming and photography for the purposes
of movie making, advertising and marketing in a variety of industries. Traditional methods of
aerial filming and photography are handled by full sized, fixed and rotor wing aircraft which are
no longer competitive when compared to the low acquisition and operating costs of small
unmanned aircraft systems. These cost savings can be transferred to the advertiser then
ultimately to the consumer to promote competitiveness in the market place. Full sized aircraft
have a greater environmental impact. They are significantly louder to operate than small, fully
electric unmanned aircraft systems and carry a much larger ucarbon footprint" adding to the
growing concern of the emissions of greenhouse gases. Being all electric is beneficial in that it is
significantly quieter and less likely to disrupt the peace of the surrounding flight operations
area. Full sized aircraft carry flammable fuels and flight crew and/or passengers. There is a great
deal of danger imposed to the flight crew and/or passengers and to those on the ground in the
event of an emergency with regard to full size aircraft. This danger is considerably less in

                                                                Page 5 of15
comparison with the UAS due to its small size, maximum forward speed and lack of flammable
fuels. Because C.E.T. Aviation will have a public presence for commercial UAS aerial filming and
photography, we will be available and willing to assist in disaster relief.

There is no threat to National Security due to the Transportation Security Administration
security screening of certificated airmen. Both the PIC and VO are U.S. Citizens and are greatly
concerned in ensuring the public maintains their right to privacy.

We believe that because of advancing technologies, small unmanned aircraft systems are much
less expensive to acquire, easier to operate, and less demanding to maintain when compared to
full size aircraft. UAS aerial services, such as filming, surveying, inspection and surveillance will
undoubtedly promote public interest. As C.E.T. Aviation becomes experienced in aerial filming
and photography, it will look to further service other industries that would benefit from the use
of unmanned aircraft systems.

Relief Sought By Petitioner (14 CFR)

CET Aviation is requesting exemption from the following regulations as they are written in 14
CFR: Part 21; Part 45.29; Part 61.113(a)&(b); Part 91.7(a); Part 91.9(b) and (2); Part 91.103; Part
91.109(a); Part 91.119(c)(d); Part 91.121(a)(1); Part 91.151(a); Part 91.203(a) and (b); Part
91.405(a); Part 91.407(a)(1); Part 91.409(a)(2); and Part 91.417(a) and (b).

Part 21- Certification of Procedures for Products and Parts
This part prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals;
production approvals; airworthiness certificates; and airworthiness approvals.

Part 45.29- Size of Marks
This part prescribes

       (a) Except as provided in paragraph (f) of this section, each operator of an aircraft must
display marks on the aircraft meeting the size requirements of this section.

       (b) Height. Except as provided in paragraph (h) ofthis part, the nationality and registration
marks must be of equal height and on-

       (1) Fixed-wing aircraft, must be at least 12 inches high, except that:
       (i) An aircraft displaying marks at least 2 inches high before November 1, 1981 and an
aircraft manufactured after November 2, 1981, but before January 1, 1983, may display those
marks until the aircraft is repainted or the marks are repainted, restored, or changed;
       (ii) Marks at least 3 inches high may be displayed on a glider;
       (iii) Marks at least 3 inches high may be displayed on an aircraft for which the FAA has
issued an experimental certificate under §21.191 (d), §21.191 (g), or §21.191 (i) of this chapter
to operate as an exhibition aircraft, an amateur-built aircraft, or a light-sport aircraft when the
maximum cruising speed of the aircraft does not exceed 180 knots CAS; and
       (iv) Marks may be displayed on an exhibition, antique, or other aircraft in accordance with
§45.22.

                                                            Page 6 of 15
       (2) Airships, spherical balloons, nonspherical balloons, powered parachutes, and weight-
shift-control aircraft must be at least 3 inches high; and

       (3) Rotorcraft, must be at least 12 inches high, except that rotorcraft displaying before
April18, 1983, marks required by §45.29(b)(3) in effect on April17, 1983, and rotorcraft
manufactured on or after April 18, 1983, but before December 31, 1983, may display those
marks until the aircraft is repainted or the marks are repainted, restored, or changed.

      (c) Width. Characters must be two-thirds as wide as they are high, except the number "1",

which must be one-sixth as wide as it is high, and the letters "M" and "W" which may be as
wide as they are high.

      (d) Thickness. Characters must be formed by solid lines one-sixth as thick as the character

is high.

      (e) Spacing. The space between each character may not be less than one-fourth of the

character width.
       (f) If either one of the surfaces authorized for displaying required marks under §45.25 is

large enough for display of marks meeting the size requirements of this section and the other is
not, full size marks must be placed on the larger surface. If neither surface is large enough for
full-size marks, marks as large as practicable must be displayed on the larger of the two
surfaces. If no surface authorized to be marked by §45.27 is large enough for full-size marks,
marks as large as practicable must be placed on the largest ofthe authorized surfaces.
However, powered parachutes and weight-shift-control aircraft must display marks at least 3
inches high.

      (g) Uniformity. The marks required by this part for fixed-wing aircraft must have the same

height, width, thickness, and spacing on both sides of the aircraft.
       (h) After March 7, 1988, each operator of an aircraft penetrating an ADIZ or DEWIZ must

display on that aircraft temporary or permanent nationality and registration marks at least 12
inches high.

Part 61.113(a)&(b)- Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command
-Section (a) prescribes that no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor
may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
-Section (b) of this part prescribes that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot
in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

          1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
          2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Part 91.7(a)- Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
Section (a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition.

Part 91.9(b)(2)- Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking, and Placard Requirements
Section (b)(2) prescribes that no person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft for which an
Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by§ 21.5 of this chapter, unless there is

                                                            Page 7 of 15
available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved
manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Part 91.103(b)- Preflight Action
Section (b) prescribes that each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become
familiar with runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing
distance information.

Part 91.109(a)- Flight Instruction; Simulated Instrument Flight and Certain Flight Tests
-Section (a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls. However, instrument flight instruction may be given in an airplane that is equipped
with a single, functioning throw over control wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in
place of fixed, dual controls, when:

          1) The instructor has determined that flight can be conducted safely; and
          2) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with
          appropriate category and class ratings.

Part 91.119(c)(d)- Minimum Safe Altitudes; General
Section 91.119 prescribes that no person may operate an aircraft, except when necessary for
takeoff or landing, below the following altitudes:
(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
(d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. lfthe operation is
conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface-

          (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b)
          or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any
          routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
          {2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than
          the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Part 91.121(a)(1)- Altimeter Settings
Section (a)(1) of this part prescribes that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain
cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter
that is set, when operating:

          1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to-
          (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100
          nautical miles of the aircraft;
          (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section,
          the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
          (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure
          airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

                                                            Page 8 oflS
Part 91.151(a)- Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section (a) of this part prescribes no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed:

          1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
          2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

Part 91.203(a)&(b)- Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required
Section (a) of the part prescribes no person may operate a civil aircraft, except as provided in
§91.715, unless it has within it the following:

          1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness
          certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy
          of the applicable operations specifications issued under §21.197(c) ofthis chapter,
          appropriate sections ofthe air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 ofthis
          chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications issued under §21.197(c),
          or an authorization under §91.611) must have on it the registration number assigned to
          the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need
          not have on it an assigned special identification number before 10 days after that
          number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an
          assigned special identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only
          obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.
          2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within
          the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided
          for in §47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.
Section (b) of this part prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight
authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew.

Part 91.405(a)- Maintenance Required
Section (a) ofthis part prescribes that each owner or operator of an aircraft shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E ofthis part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
part 43 of this chapter.

Part 91.407(a)(1)- Operation After Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance, Rebuilding or
Alteration
Section (a)(1) of this part prescribes that no person may operate any aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43. 7 of this chapter.

                                                             Page 9 oflS
Part 91.409(a)(2)- Inspections
Section (a)(2) of this part prescribes that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the
preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Part 91.417(a)&(b)- Maintenance Records
Section (a) of this part prescribes that each registered owner or operator shall keep the
following records, except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, for the
periods specified in paragraph (b) ofthis section:

          1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of
          the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
          appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
          and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include:
          (i)A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) ofthe work
          performed; and
          (ii)The date of completion of the work performed; and
          (iii)The signature and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
          to service.
          2) Records containing the following information:
          (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
          (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
          appliance.
          (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
          to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
          (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
          inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
          appliances are maintained.
          (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
          including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD of safety directive number and
          revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
          when the next action is required.
          (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
          to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
Section (b) ofthis part prescribes that the owner or operator shall retain the following records
for the periods prescribed:
          1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
          work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
          2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
          transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
          3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §43.11 of this
          chapter shall be retained until defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
          return to service.

                                                            Page 10 of 15
Reasons for relief

Part 21 -Certification of Procedures for Products and Parts-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 21"Certification procedures for products and
parts" based on the UAS small size, weight, speed, limited operating area, limited flight time
and inability to carry crew or passengers. A Flight Operations Manual has been established that
will be a guideline for conducting safe operations as well as identify persons authorized to pilot
and maintain the UAS. For these reasons, operating the UAS without an Airworthiness
Certificate would meet an equivalent level of safety.

Part 45.29- Size of Marks-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relieffrom 14 CFR part 45.29 "Size of marks" due to the physical size
and space available to properly display the Roman capitai"N" and assigned registration number
on the UAS at the minimum requirement height. C.E.T. Aviation will display such marks and
numbers as large as possible and in contrasting color, on the UAS using the available space both
under and above the airframe once the registration number has been assigned.

Part 61.113{a}&{b)- Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 61.113(a)&(b) which limits private pilots to non-
commercial flight operations. Because the small UAS cannot carry crew or passengers, has a
limited operational range and limited flight time, an equivalent level of safety can be
guaranteed by using the established procedures and guidelines contained in the C.E.T. Aviation
Flight Operations Manual. The PIC does possess a Private's Pilots Certificate, has a current Third
Class Medical Certificate, is current in his Flight Review requirements and has considerable
experience operating fixed wing, rotor wing, and multi-rotor radio controlled aircraft.

Part 91.7{a)- Civil Aircraft Airworthiness-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relieffrom 14 CFR part 91.7(a) which requires that no one operate an
aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. There are currently no airworthiness standards for
small UAS, nor is C.E.T. Aviation seeking an "Experimental" airworthiness certificate. Given the
size, weight, speed and limited operational range and flight time of the UAS; and the
maintenance guidelines and flight operational procedures and limitations established in the
C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations Manual, and all available UAS component manuals and/or
guides, an equivalent level of safety can be established.

Part 91.9{b}{2}- Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking, and Placard Requirements-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.9(b)(2) which requires that no one operate a
U.S. -registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual materiat markings, and placards. The small UAS
does not have the capacity to carry crewmembers and flight and/or approved manuals. The PIC
of the UAS shall have available the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations manual and checklists, and
all available UAS component manuals and/or guides, located at the ground control station at all
times during flight operations.

                                                           Page 11 oflS
Part 91.103- Preflight Action-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.103 which requires the pilot in command,
before a flight, to become familiar with all information concerning that flight. Because the small
UAS cannot carry crew or passengers, has a limited operational range and limited flight time,
and will not have approved manuals, an equivalent level of safety can be maintained by the use
of established procedures and guidelines contained in the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations
manual, which requires the PIC to conduct a preflight action. The PIC shall be responsible for
FSDO notification, weather forecasts, the serviceability of the UAS, battery capacities and
battery serviceability, and the proper training and flight currency requirements. For these
reasons, an equivalent level of safety can be met.

Part 91.109{a)- Flight Instruction; Simulated Instrument Flight and Certain Flight Tests-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.109(a) which requires that no one may
operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. The small UAS in its design does not
utilize conventional controls. It is remotely operated by the PIC through the use of a radio
control transmitter at the ground control station and the UAS onboard radio receiver. This
transmitter/receiver system has the ability to connect to a second radio control transmitter
(known as a {{buddy box") using an electrical cable connection that allows for training a student
pilot. The buddy box is always slaved to the PIC's radio control transmitter allowing for
immediate take over from the student pilot.

Part 91.119- Minimum Safe Altitudes; Generai-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.119 which establishes safe altitudes for
aircraft in the event of a power unit failure. The PIC shall keep all UAS flight altitudes restricted
to no higher than 400 feet above the ground (AGL). This will significantly reduce the potential of
a midair collision with full sized aircraft operating at higher altitudes. The small UAS shall only
be operated in a sterile, confined flight operations area that is restricted to a maximum
perimeter of 400 feet AGL and 1,000 feet latterly from the ground control station. Both the PIC
and VO shall listen for approaching aircraft near the UAS flight operations area and will
terminate the flight if there is a threat of a midair collision. Also, given the size, weight, speed,
limited operational range and limited flight time of the UAS, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved.

Part 91.121{a}{1}- Altimeter Settings-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.121(a)(1) which requires each person
operating an aircraft maintain cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft by reference to an
altimeter that is set to the current reported altimeter setting along the route or adjusted to the
elevation of the departure airport. The small UAS is not equipped with a barometric altimeter
but instead uses a GPS signal for sensing altitude above the ground. This information is
transmitted to a video monitor display for viewing by the PIC and/or VO. This altitude
information will be verified during the initial calibration procedure during the preflight action.
For these reasons and equivalent level of safety can be met.

                                                            Page 12 of 15
Part 91.151{a)- Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.151(a) which requires that no person may
begin a flight in an airplane under daylight VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to
the first point of intended landing and after that for another 30 minutes. The small UAS has a
maximum flight time of 16 minutes per fully charged battery; however the PIC shall restrict
cumulative flight time for each fully charged battery to no more than 12 minutes. This allows
for a 25% power reserve. After the 12 minutes is consumed, the battery will be recharged to
100% capacity. The UAS built in failsafe modes also allow for pilot notification of low battery
power through the use of a flashing red LED indicator on the UAS. The next level of failsafe
would trigger the automatic reduction of available power. This signals the pilot to land the
aircraft as soon as possible allowing for an equivalent level of safety.

Part 91.203{a)&(b)- Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.203(a)&(b) which requires that no person
operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it a current airworthiness certificate and a U.S.
registration certificate displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance. There are no current
airworthiness certification standards for small unmanned aircraft systems nor is C.E.T. Aviation
seeking an airworthiness certificate for its UAS under the "Experimental" category. The PIC shall
ensure the UAS is properly registered and marked as appropriately, however he is unable to
display the U.S. registration certificate in the UAS as it does not have a cabin or cockpit. The PIC
will maintain such documents at the ground control station.

Part 91.405{a)- Maintenance Required-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.405(a) which requires that each owner or
operator of an aircraft have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in Subpart E and shall between
required inspections have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 45. Because the small
UAS does not have an airworthiness certificate or a manufacturer designated maintenance
program, every effort shall be made by the PIC to ensure the UAS is in serviceable condition.
Supporting component manufacturer documents are available and maintenance guidelines
have been published in the C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations Manual to ensure the serviceability
of the UAS.

Part 91.407{a}{l}- Operation After Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance, Rebuilding or
Alteration-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.407(a)(1) which requires that no person may
operate an aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding or
alteration unless it has been approved for return to service by an authorized person. The small
UAS will not have an airworthiness certificate and persons authorized to perform maintenance
have not yet been established by the FAA. C.E.T. Aviation has defined persons authorized to
perform maintenance on the UAS in its Flight Operations Manual. The PIC shall ensure the UAS
is in serviceable condition, is maintained accordingly by authorized personnel, and such
maintenance is documented in the UAS maintenance logbook.

                                                            Page 13 oflS
Part 91.409(a}{2} -lnspections-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.409(a)(2) which requires that no person may
operate an aircraft unless within the previous 12 calendar months it has an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate. There are currently no airworthiness standards for
small UAS nor is C.E.T. Aviation seeking an airworthiness certificate in the ~~Experimental"
category. A maintenance program for the UAS has been established and is identified in the
C.E.T. Aviation Flight Operations Manual. This includes an annual or 100 hour inspection, as
applicable, and a 10 hour progressive inspection that will ensure serviceability of the UAS. This
will ensure that an equivalent level of safety will be met.

Part 91.417(a}&(b)- Maintenance Records-
C.E.T. Aviation requests relief from 14 CFR part 91.417(a)&(b) which requires each registered
owner or operator keep maintenance, alteration and inspection records and keep those records
for the time prescribed in the §(b) ofthis part. The small UAS will not have an airworthiness
certificate and no maintenance authority for UAS has been established by the FAA therefore
the certificate number of the person or entity to perform the UAS maintenance cannot be
provided. C.E.T. Aviation has determined persons authorized to perform maintenance,
alterations and inspections and shall document such work in the aircraft maintenance logbook.
Such maintenance entries shall be retained for 7 years after the transfer of ownership of that
particular UAS.

Foreign Operations

C.E.T. Aviation does intend to service the aerial filming and photography needs outside of the
United States as required by the customer. Certain landscapes and backgrounds are not
available here is the United States and such geographic features found in other countries would
greatly enhance the captured filming and photography's emotional impact for the viewer,
providing a uniqueness to the subject matter. We will take the same measures and precautions
as stated in our Flight Operations Manual both domestically and abroad. We will research and
obtain appropriate authorizations from those foreign governing agencies and will not operate if
such requested authorization is not granted. C.E.T. Aviation will always be headquartered in the
U.S. and it anticipates that 95% of its operation will be located domestically.

                                                           Page 14 of 15
Conclusion
C.E.T. Aviation looks forward to your response. We are very excited to be part of advancing
technologies in aeronautics. Unmanned aircraft systems will undoubtedly be here to stay as it is
in human nature to progress forward. With your exemption, we will make safety our number
one priority. We will continuously look for ways to improve operations and comment on ways
to make unmanned aircraft systems safer.
Thank you,

Joshua L. Vilches
C.E.T. Aviation

                                                            Page 15 of 15
                          C.E.T. Aviation

                        Aerial Filming and Photography

                                                                    20 West Gilbert Road
                                                             Southbury, Connecticut 06488

         Small Unmanned Aircraft System

\.

               Flight Operations Manual

                                                                         Basic Issue
                                                                     February, 2015

                                                                           Page 1 of22
\ Table of Contents

 )

          Abbreviations and Definitions --------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 4
          Pilot and Visual Observer Information ---------------------------------------------------------------------pg 5
         Aircraft General Information ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 5
         Aircraft Specifications -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 6
         Aircraft Performance Data -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 6
         Standard Operating Procedure -------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 6
          Pilot in Command Authority -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 7
          Operational Policy -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 7

                    FIight Operations Area ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 7
                   UAS Contro I ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 7
) ' FIight Phases --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 8
                   UAS Ground Control Station -------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 8
                    Visual Line of Sight Rules -----------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 8
                   Flight Operations Limitations -----------------------------------------------------------------------pg 8
          Privacy Policy ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 10
         Safety Policy ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 10
                    Lithium Polymer Battery Safety --------------------------------------------------------------------pg 11
         General Operating Flight Crew Requirements ----------------------------------------------------------pg 11
          Recordkeeping ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 12
         Government Access to Records -----------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 13
\ Occupational Health and Safety Laws and Requirements -------------------------------------------pg 13

  !

                                                                           Page 2 of22
\ Table of Contents

  )

         Operating Procedures -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 14
                  FIight Operations Notification ----------------------------------------------------------------------pg 15
                  Accident and Incident Reporting ------------------------------------------------------------------pg 15
                   Training Requirements ------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 16
                   Responsibilities ofthe Pilot in Command -------------------------------------------------------pg 16
                    Responsibilities of the Visual Observer ----------------------------------------------------------pg 17
                    Environ mentaI Restrictions -------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 17

         Checklists ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 18
                   Preflight Checklist -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 18
                   Postflight Checklist ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 19

\,

) Emergency Checklist ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 19
         Emergency Response Plan ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 19
          Elements of UAS Maintenance ------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 20
                    Maintenance Authority -----------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 20
                    Inspections ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 20
                    Funetion aI Check FIights -----------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 21
                    M ainten ance Logbook -------------------------------------------------------------------------------pg 21
                    Maintenance Technical Guidance ----------------------------------------------------------------pg 21
                    10 Hour Progressive Inspection -------------------------------------------------------------------pg 21

                                                                           Page 3 of22
         Abbreviations and Definitions

          Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)- An unmanned aircraft and its associated elements, including
          communication links and the components that control the unmanned aircraft, that are required
          for the pilot in command to operate safely and efficiently in the national airspace system.

          National Airspace System (NAS)- The common network of U.S. airspace, air navigation facilities,
          equipment and services, airports or landing areas; aeronautical charts, information and
          services; rules, regulations and procedures, technical information, and manpower and material.

          Pilot in Command (PIC)- The person who has final authority and responsibility for the operation
          and safety of the flight; has been designated as PIC before or during the flight; and holds the
          appropriate category class and type-rating, as required, for the conduct of the flight.

          Visual Observer (VO)- A trained person who assists the pilot in command with duties
          associated with environmental awareness, collision avoidance, and navigational awareness of
          the unmanned aircraft system through electronic and/or visual means.

          Flight Operations Area -An area of air space that the pilot in command has designated to be a
          sterile and safe environment for the unmanned aircraft system to be flown while maintaining
          the restrictions and limitations set forth in this manual.

) Ground Control Station- The physical location at which the pilot in command and the visual

          observer are located during the flight operations of the small unmanned aircraft system.

          Telemetry- The ground speed, altitude and battery capacity information that is transmitted
          from the unmanned aircraft system to the ground station video monitor.

          Visual line of Sight (VLOS)- Unaided visual contact (corrective lenses and/or sunglasses
          exempted) between a pilot in command and an unmanned aircraft sufficient to maintain safe
          operational control of the aircraft, know its location, and be able to scan the airspace in which it
          is operating to see and avoid other air traffic or objects aloft or on the ground.

          Lost Link- The loss of command-and-control link contact with the unmanned aircraft system
          and the remote pilot in command in which the pilot can no longer manage the unmanned
          aircraft's flight.

          Certificate of Waiver or Authorization {COA)- An authorization that is issued by the Air Traffic
          Organization to a public operator for a specific unmanned aircraft activity.

          Emergency Response Plan (ERP)- A course of action that is developed, practiced, and executed
          to effectively respond to accidents or emergencies.

                                                                     Page 4 of22
           Pilot and Visual Observer Information

\

)
                      Pilot in Command
                     Joshua L. Vilches
                     20 West Gilbert Rd.
                     Southbury, C.T. 06488
                     646-483-0110
                     FAA Certificate# 3461547

                      Visual Observer
                     Ryan Voight
                     Ellenville, NY
                     801-599-2555

           Aircraft General Information

          The aircraft being operated by C.E.T. Aviation is considered to be a small, Unmanned Aircraft
           System (UAS) in which there will be no provisions to carry flight crew, passengers or payload
           other than a small video camera. The UAS was assembled from a kit which was manufactured
          by DJI Innovations and assembled by RC Hobbies & More in Winsted, Connecticut.

           DJI Flame Wheel F550 consists of:
                · Frame assembly and four fixed landing gear legs. The airframe has been serialized and is
                     numbered HEX 1

              · Six-- electric motors, each driving one propeller, provide control thrust for

                     maneuverability. These motors have been serialized and are numbered P0-0001 through
                     P0-0006
                · Six-- 10 inch diameter by 3.8 pitch propellers or optional 8 inch diameter by 4.5 pitch
                     propellers. These propellers have been serialized and are numbered P0-0001 through
                     P0-0006
                · Six-- electronic speed controllers (ESC) which adjust the speed of the electric motors
                     (one ESC per thrust motor) based on operator control input.
                · A radio receiver which receives control inputs by the pilot operated transmitter.
                · An electronic flight control system that provides 3-axis attitude stability in flight; fail safe
                     modes for low battery and failed motor; return-to-home mode in the event of a lost
                     communications link; camera gimbal operation; GPS position, and telemetry data.
                · A camera gimbal assembly designed to carry and stabilize a small video camera
                · A wireless video transmission module that transmits the onboard video camera's live
                     feed to a video monitor at the ground control station.
                · Battery pack that provides power to the entire UAS and its components.

)

                                                                       Page 5 of 22
          Aircraft Specifications for the DJI Flame Wheel FSSO
                    · Frame Weight: 1.05 pounds
                    · Maximum Takeoff Weight: 5.29 pounds
                    · Diagonal Wheelbase: 1.8 feet (SSOmm)
                    · Motors: Six, DJIInnovations, 22 x 12mm (Stator Size) electric motors operating@
                         920rpm/V
                    · Propellers: Six, DJIInnovations, 10 x 3.8in (@3S); Optional 8 x 4.Sin (@4S)
                     · Electronic Speed Control (ESC): Six, DJllnnovations ESCs; Current= lSA; Signal
                          Frequency = 30Hz-450Hz
                    · Flight Control Radio Transmitter & Receiver: Futaba 14SG 2.4GHz 14 channel radio
                          (FCC compliant, see user manual)
                     · Flight Stability/Telemetry Computer: DJIInnovations, Naza M V2 (FCC compliant, see
                          user manual)
                     · Wireless Video Transmission System: FlySight Black Pearl Video Monitor w/ FatShark
                          5.8GHz TX (FCC compliant, see user manual)
                     · Camera Gimbal Assembly: DJIInnovations H3-2D Gimbal
                     · Battery: 4S LiPo (Lithium Polymer) 6600mA
                     · Payload: One "GoPro" HD video camera (wireless transmission of this device will not
                          be used; the live video feed is transmitted by the FatShark 5.8GHz TX)

\ Aircraft Performance Data for the DJI Flame Wheel FSSO
)

          Maximum forward speed: 30mph (26 kts)
          Minimum forward speed: Omph (0 kts)
          Climb Rate: 900ft/min
          Descent Rate: 900ft/min

        Turn Rate@ 30mph & 30° bank angle: 104.7ft turn radius I 3.7seconds per 90° ofturn

          Approach Speed: Omph (0 kts) to 30mph (26 kts)
          Launch/Recovery Method: Vertical Takeoff and Vertical Landing
          Flight Time: 12 minutes plus an additional 25% as a reserve.

           Standard Operating Procedures

          The unmanned aircraft systems standard operating procedures (SOPs) are used by C.E.T.
          Aviation to standardize and clarify the responsibilities, procedures and actions to be used by
           UAS operating flight crew to achieve the highest level of safety through all aspects of flight
          operations.

           It is impossible to describe and publish a standard procedure for every aspect of flight
           operations and a situation may arise that is not covered in a published SOP. The UAS operating
          flight crew, working as a team, will determine a safe and appropriate course of action.

                                                                         Page 6 of22
\ However, the Pilot in Command (PIC) shall have the final authority as to the operation of the
) aircraft.

           Pilot in Command Authority

          The pilot in command of each flight has the final authority and responsibility to make any
          decision concerning the safe and efficient operation of the UAS. Under no circumstances will
          safety be compromised.
          The pilot in command has the sole authority to deviate from any planned take off, flight path or
          intended landing zone based on their judgment regarding operational and safety issues.
          In emergency situations, the pilot in command is authorized to deviate from prescribed rules to
          the extent that safety is not compromised.

           Operational Policy

          The UAS operating flight crew shall comply with all normal and emergency operating
          procedures set forth within this manual.
          The following general policies are published to present guidelines within which UAS operating
          flight crews are expected to operate.

~\

/ Flight Operations Area- A sterile, closed-set environment shall be established by the PIC prior
          to any commercial flight operations. Written consent shall be obtained from the land and/or
          property owner or their representative as well as the end customer seeking services by C.E.T.
          Aviation. This will be in the form of a Service Authorization document signed by the customer.
          Written consent shall be established for any personnel that are required to be on-set for the
          particular flight operation. Every effort shall be made to ensure the safety of participating and
          non-participating personnel during flight operations. The UAS may not be operated directly
          over any personnel unless they are essential to production or filming operation. Personnel that
          are non-essential to the closed-set filming operations area are not allowed within 500 feet. This
          may be reduced to 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the Administrator has
          approved it. An equivalent level of safety may be determined by an aviation safety inspector's
          evaluation of the operations area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings, safety
          barriers, etc. Such barriers may protect non-participating personnel from debris in the event of
          an accident. Warning signs and temporary barriers, such as posts and "Caution Tape", shall be
          used to inform any non-essential personnel from entering the closed-set filming operations
          area if the potential exists. This may not be required if flight operations are conducted in a
          remote, un-populated area.

          UAS Control -One pilot shall always be dedicated exclusively to controlling the aircraft. The
          second crew member shall be considered the Visual Observer (VO) which is dedicated to

) assisting the pilot in command (PIC) in maintaining direct visual line of sight to the UAS at all

          times. The VO shall inform the PIC of any environmental obstructions that may interfere with

                                                                     Page 7 of22
         the planned flight path of the UAS. Altitude information will be relayed verbally to the PIC by
) the VO when instructed to do so. The VO shall also notify the PIC if the UAS is approaching the

         maximum altitude ceiling of 400 feet above the ground. The VO shall be aware and notify the
         PIC of declining weather in the vicinity of the flight operations.

         Flight Phases- To ensure that both UAS flight crewmembers are always aware ofthe UAS
         phase of flight and to promote the concept of resource management, the PIC shall callout
         verbally his or her intended phase of flight. Example: 11taking off, climbing, descending, moving
         left, moving right, moving away, moving toward us, and landing//. The VO shall always check the
         intended flight path for obstructions and reply with 11Ciear or not clear//.

         UAS Ground Control Station -Both the PIC and VO will remain at a fixed location on the ground
         at all times during all phases of flight. Operating from a moving vehicle or platform, floating
         platform or while standing in water is strictly prohibited. The PIC and VO will not walk away
         from this designated ground control station unless an emergency has been established. The VO
         will not be more than an arm's reach from the PIC during all flight operations. If the PIC
         determines that there is an emergency and it is necessary to walk toward the UAS in order to
         maintain a visual line of sight, the PIC will call out 11loosing visual// and the VO will hold the arm
         of the PIC and will ensure that the PIC will not trip over any hazards while walking toward the
         UAS. In this case, every effort shall be made to maintain full or partial control of the UAS to
         avoid harm to personnel and/or property. The flight crew will utilize the ability to link the live
         video camera feed to a video display monitor located at the ground control station during flight
         operations, however this equipment is considered nonessential to flight operations.

         Visual Line of Sight Rules- At least one crew member of the operating flight crew will maintain
         unobstructed (corrective lenses and sunglasses allowed), visual line of sight of the UAS at all
         times. Sometimes it is necessary for the PIC to momentarily view a separate, 11live feed"
         monitor linked to the onboard camera to keep the recorded subject matter in view. When this
         occurs, the PIC will call out, 11Ciear to look down?" The VO will maintain line of sight to the UAS
         and ensure that it will not be in danger of flying into any obstructions. The VO shall respond
         with 111see the aircraft, clear//. Once the PIC looks back up to the UAS, he or she shall respond
         with 111see the aircraft//. The use of First Person View goggles by the PIC or VO is strictly
         prohibited.

         Flight Operations Limitations
                    · Battery levels will be continually monitored by the PIC and VO by means of a remote
                        visual indicator and use of a flight timer as a backup. Total flight duration for a fully
                       charged battery shall not exceed 12 minutes cumulative. These 12 minutes account
                         for a 25% battery power reserve. After the battery has been replaced with a fully
                         charged battery, this flight time counter will reset. The UAS Flight Control System
                         has a built in safe mode to prevent the complete depletion of battery levels,
                         however it is to goal to land before this mode is activated to prevent unsafe landing
                         conditions.

                                                                          Page 8 of22
· Flying at night is prohibited. Night is defined as the time between the end of evening
    civil twilight and the beginning of morning civil twilight, as published in the American
    Air Almanac, converted to local time.

· Flying in inclement weather such as visible precipitation and local lightning strikes,
     and winds greater than 15 mph or 13 knots as measured at the ground, is
     prohibited.

· The PIC and VO will ensure that the UAS is not operated above 400 feet above the
    ground and 1,000 feet laterally from the PIC and VO who shall both be located at a
    fixed ground control station.

· The PIC and VO will ensure that the UAS is not operated when the flight visibility is 3
    statute miles or less and will maintain cloud clearances of 500 feet below and 2,000
     feet horizontal. The UAS is never to be flown above any cloud line therefore no
     cloud clearance from above is given.

· It is the responsibility of the PIC to ensure weather reports are current and are
     received from reliable sources such as, but not limited to 1-800-WX-BRIEF (992-
     7433), www.intellicast.com for the city in which the flight operation is being
     conducted, or www.aviationweather.gov/adds/metars/ for the closest reporting
     airport to the UAS flight operations area.

· C.E.T. Aviation will not conduct any flight operations near, in or over stadiums; or
     over large gathering of persons.

· C.E.T. Aviation will not conduct any flight operations at any publicly open, towered
     or non-towered airport. The PIC shall ensure that flight operations are restricted to
     greater than 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of all publicly open, towered
     or non-towered airports as denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical charts.

· The UAS may not operate in Class B, C, or D surface airspace.
· The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations

     and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, agricultural aircraft, rotor-
     wing aircraft, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang
     gliders, etc.)
· If the PIC and/or VO hears the sound of an approaching aircraft, such as a low flying
     manned rotor-wing or fixed wing aircraft, and there is concern that the approaching
     aircraft may penetrate the designated flight operations area, the UAS flight will be
     terminated until that approaching aircraft has passed and the threat of a potential
     mid-air collision is alleviated.
· If the UAS loses communications (Lost Link) the UAS must return to a predetermined
     location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered. The UAS has a built-
     in ability to "return-to-home" if there is a Lost Link. This ability will be tested on a
     regular basis as outlined in the maintenance section of this manual. The purpose of
     the onboard GPS receiver is to provide the operator with telemetry information such
     as ground speed and altitude and increased precision in locating the return-to-home
     position during failsafe modes.
· Under no circumstances shall the UAS be operated autonomously during normal
     flight operations. The PIC must maintain operational control via the UAS's radio
     transmitter at all times. Programming of flights or any means of an autopilot

                                                     Page 9 of22
\ function is strictly prohibited, unless the UAS itself or operator has initiated one of
J the fail safe modes due to an in-flight failure. In this case, it is the goal to have the

                         UAS autonomously land or be recovered safely.

          Privacy Policy

          C.E.T. Aviation will not interfere with the privacy of any non-consenting, non-participating
          personnel. C.E.T. Aviation believes the public is entitled to their privacy and therefore will not
          record video or take photographs of individuals and/or private property without the consent of
          that person and/or property owner for commercial purposes. C.E.T. Aviation shall not film or
          photograph non-consenting persons who are located on private property during commercial or
          non-commercial flight operations.

          Safety Policy

          Safety is the basic building block to our success as an Unmanned Aircraft System Flight
          Organization. All members must be committed to this goal for continuous improvement to our
          safety programs and enhancement of our positive culture toward safety. The safety of our
          employees, customers, ground personnel and property is of primary concern and we must
          focus on the prevention of mishaps, accidents and injuries. We expect each member of C.E.T.
          Aviation to adopt a leadership role in the safety program. Strong leadership at all levels,
          knowledge of and attention to standards and the integration of risk management into all of our
          day-to-day activities are critical. Our safety program goals do not exist separate from, but are
          directly tied to our daily operational responsibilities.

          Safety performance is an appropriate factor to integrate into the employee evaluation process.
          This integration begins with the daily application of process-based procedures, down to the
          lowest levels. Additionally, our organization will have several mechanisms for involvement,
          including but not limited to, risk assessments, hazard reporting programs, and an open
          communication policy designed to combat potentially hazard conditions. Our commitment will
          include the necessary training, financial resources, time resources and personnel available to
          support our commitment to safety. It is the responsibility of all employees to identify and
          communicate any potential risk factors that will jeopardize safety to each other which will
          ultimately raise the standards a safety conscientious environment and promotes improvement.
          Our organization demands that all employees take immediate, decisive action when standards
          are violated, without fear of retribution. Our goal is to promote an atmosphere that can result
          in immediate and positive action when standards are compromised. This manual is a
          requirement to operate safely in all day-to-day activities. This critical document ensures errors
          and missed procedures are corrected prior to flights and unsafe actions.

                                                                        Page 10 of22
\ Lithium Polymer Battery Safety
J · Lithium Polymer {LiPo) Batteries have been known to fail and catch fire. Most ofthe

                    battery failures have occurred due to improper recharging which leads to a cell
                    imbalance. A good indicator that a LiPo Battery is about to fail is to look at its physical
                    appearance. The battery may start to swell and grow in size and if not removed from
                    service, will lead to the battery's failure. This condition is the result of a "thermal run-
                    away", in which the battery will become very hot and likely catch fire. When this occurs,
                    it is important not touch the battery until its temperature is reduced. The best method
                    of preventing or eliminating LiPo Battery fires is to drown the battery with significant
                    amounts of water. The PIC will ensure there is enough water located at the ground
                    control station to react to a failing battery. The PIC will also ensure that all LiPo Batteries
                    are properly disposed of in accordance with local and national codes. Battery
                    manufacturer recommended safe handling practices shall be followed at all times.
               · C.E.T. Aviation will not transport Lithium batteries aboard passenger carrying aircraft. If
                    travel is required by use of an Airline to a jobsite, the Lithium batteries are to be shipped
                    using services such as a UPS or FedEx store location. These couriers will be responsible
                    for safe packaging and shipment of these batteries as it may be considered Hazardous
                    Materials.

General Operating Flight Crew Requirements

1

J · Only the PIC shall be required to maintain a valid Pilot's License (Private, Commercial or

ATP) issued by the FAA as prescribed by 14 CFR part 61. The PIC shall maintain his or her

Flight  Review  currency  requirements  as  per  14  CFR  part  61.56  and  3rd,  2nd,  or  l  5   Class
                                                                                                t

Medical Certificate as prescribed by 14 CFR part 67.

· Prior to any UAS flight, the PIC shall be trained in all aspects of flight operations.

Training will include, but is not limited to; Personal Computer Flight Simulation that is

similar to the flight characteristics and control of the UAS to be used; actual flight

training with the UAS to be used in a designated flight area such as at the property of

C.E.T. Aviation, an FAA designated UAS test site, or a flying site location as sanctioned by

the Academy of Model Aviation (AMA) with prior permission of the landowner and/or

governing organization of that location (AMA membership is required by the PIC for this

training location).

· Prior to any commercial flight operations, the PIC shall have accrued at least 25 hours of

documented flight time with the UAS being operated by C.E.T. Aviation. The PIC and VO

shall train together during this time to practice and become familiar with all normal and

emergency procedures and call-outs as identified in this manual. The VO is not required

to be present at all 25 hours of flight training; however, it is the responsibility of the PIC

to determine if the VO has a thorough understanding of how to conduct flight

operations safely and competently as outlined in this manual. Retraining with the VO

may be necessary to maintain competency.

· Prior to any commercial flight operations, demonstration of complete control of the UAS

shall be maintained. The PIC shall verify that he or she has completed at least 3 take offs

                          Page 11 of22
\ and 3 landings within the preceding 90 days with the UAS to be used. These proficiency
                   flights shall include all normal flight maneuvers such as takeoff; a figure "8" coordinated
                    turn flight pattern; and landing.

               · UAS flight crewmembers are required to demonstrate the ability to speak and
                    understand the English Language to the proficiency level required by ICAO Annex 1. This
                    is accomplished by means of formal and informal interviewing during the hiring process.

               · Neither the PIC or VO shall participate in any flight operations, whether it be proficiency
                    flights or revenue generating flights, if the blood alcohol concentration (BAC) level is
                    0.04% or higher, within 8 hours of having consumed any alcohol, while under the
                    influence of alcohol, while under the influence of illegal, prescribed or over the counter
                   drugs that would impair the ability to safely operate the UAS as prescribed in 14 CFR
                   Part 91.17. It is the responsibility of the PIC and VO to police each self and each other.

               · The UAS flight crewmembers shall not participate in any phone calls, phone
                    conversations or operation of a two-way radio during flight operations. All proposed
                    flight paths and flight operations will be discussed by C.E.T. Aviation and the customer
                    prior to any flights in order to avoid unnecessary distractions. Only concise
                    communications are allowed between authorized flight operations area personnel and
                    the UAS flight crewmembers. Every effort shall be made to prevent non-essential
                    personnel from interfering with the PIC and VO in any way during flight operations.

               · All applicable licenses, certificates, permits, authorizations, waivers, exemption letters,
                    flight and maintenance logbooks, personal identifications, and this Operations Manual

\. shall be made available to any law enforcing, State or National Government Entity at any
) C.E.T. Aviation active UAS flight operations area and at C.E.T. Aviation Headquarters.

          Record keeping

          Training qualifications and record keeping are maintained and tracked for the pilot in command
          and visual observer. The PIC is responsible for the management of all training, maintenance and
          flight records. Records shall include the following, as appropriate to the crew position; copies of
          certificates and ratings, copy of current Medical Certificate and flight training logs. Maintenance
          records may include the following; the printed and signed name of the person performing the
          maintenance and if applicable, the printed name of the organization of which that person
          represents, a description of the type of work that was accomplished, the UAS make, model and
          serial number, the total flight time of the UAS, if any serialized components are replaced, the
          part name and both the removed and installed serial numbers and a separate signed entry of a
          satisfactory flight test of the UAS after maintenance before entry into service is allowed. All
          records shall be kept for 7 years, unless otherwise directed by the Administrator, in a safe,
          climate controlled area which is available to personnel for immediate viewing. Maintenance
          records shall remain with the UAS when ownership is transferred.

                                                                     Page 12 of22
Government Access to Records

Operational and Maintenance records may be made available for inspection by the Federal
Aviation Administration, other government officials or a representative ofthe NTSB. A request
for examination of any records should be made in writing to PIC of C.E.T. Aviation for proper
coordination of the delivery and/or production of records. UAS operating flight crew are
required to comply with any reasonable request made by an appropriate government official
conducting a flight operations inspection. The FAA Administrator and/or designated
representatives have the authority to conduct inspections and tests as may be deemed
necessary to determine the degree and quality of compliance with applicable regulations. This
could include PIC checks that are either oral or flight test at the discretion of the FAA inspectors
for any allegations or violations or events that may have brought the PIC's knowledge or skills
into question. All employees will cooperate with request from the FAA to conduct inspections.
When properly certified FAA personnel wish to conduct a flight operations area inspection of

the UAS and operating flight crew, the following policies will apply:

     · The person conduction the flight operations area inspection must show credentials
          indicating the inspector is from the FAA

     · The PIC should be prepared to show any documents required for that particular flight
          operation and to discuss the conduct of the flight in any areas of operating flight crew
          duties.

The flight crewmembers are expected to remain courteous at all times during the flight
operations area inspection and, if need be, explain the time constraints of any film production
related schedules unless such action is justifiable to both C.E.T. Aviation and to the FAA because
safety is or could be compromised.

Occupational Health and Safety Laws and Requirements

The PIC will identify and ensure compliance with all national and local occupation health and
safety laws and requirements affecting C.E.T. Aviation. This includes compliance with fire
safety, first aid and sanitary requirements. The health and safety of all employees and non-
employees are of critical concern.

     · To this end, C.E.T. Aviation must rely upon its employees to ensure that work areas are
          kept safe and free of hazardous conditions.

     · Keep files and desk drawers closed when not in use. Never open more than one file
          drawer at a time. Take care not to overload the top drawer of unsecured file cabinets.

     · All overhead cabinets at individual workstations must remain locked when not in use.
     · Use an adequate stepladder for reaching overhead objects. Never use chairs, desks or

          other furniture as a makeshift ladder.
     · Do not attempt to lift an object that is heavier than you are capable of lifting.
     · Do not allow books, files or other materials to be piled in high places where they may

          fall.
     · Look before walking. Make sure the path is clear.

                                                          Page 13 of22
              · Keep doorways, aisles and stairways free from obstructions.
              · Secure electrical cords and wires away from walkways.
              · Immediately clean up all spills and pick up any items found on the floor, such as pens,

                    paper, clips, etc.
              · Avoid bending, twisting or leaning backwards while seated.
              · Keep desk and work areas clean and orderly.
              · Be careful when using scissors, paper cutters, staplers and paper itself for they are often

                   causes of painful minor cuts and injuries.
              · Ensure all electrical equipment is properly grounded and routinely inspect the condition

                   of all electrical cords.
              · Be very cautious when approaching a door that can be opened in one direction. For

                   safety of others, open such doors slowly.
              · Walk, don't run. Use handrails when walking up and down stairs.
              · Arrange ergonomically friendly workstations to minimize strain on all parts of the body.
              · Avoid repetitive motion injuries by taking appropriate rest breaks.
              · Employees should be conscientious about workplace safety, including proper operating

                    methods known as dangerous conditions or hazards.
              · Employees should report an unsafe conditions or potential hazards immediately, even if

                   they believe the problem has been corrected.
              · If a concealed danger is suspected to be present, it is to be brought to the attention of

                   everyone in the immediate area and shall be corrected as soon as possible. If necessary
                    contact local authorities.
)

         Periodically, C.E.T. Aviation may issue rules and guidelines governing workplace safety and
         health. All employees should familiarize themselves with these rules and guidelines, as strict
         compliance will be expected. The PIC should be contacted for copies of current rules and
         guidelines. Failure to comply with rules and guidelines regarding health and safety or negligent
         work performance that endangers health and safety will not be tolerated.

         Any workplace injury, accident, or illness must be reported to the PIC as soon as possible,
         regardless of the severity of the injury or accident. All personnel are encouraged to monitor
         each other and visitors to ensure everyone is adhering to the guidance and requirements.
         The PIC will identify and ensure compliance with all national and local environmental laws and
         requirements affecting C.E.T. Aviation. These may include, but are not limited to, the proper
         disposal of lithium polymer, nickel cadmium and/or nickel metal hydride batteries; and any
         other types of hazardous waste materials.

          Operating Procedures

         An operational control system has the following components: 1) An exercise of authority over
         the preparation and amendment of the C.E.T. Aviation flight log. 2) A proposed flight plan has
         been verbally communicated with all participating parties. 3) Safety is ensured throughout all
         phases of the flight operation.

                                                                    Page 14 of22
 \.

           It is the responsibility of the pilot in command to execute the operational control system.
           The PIC will collaborate with the VO to conduct a risk assessment and analysis for the requested
           flight. This will be considered as part of the preflight briefing. Once all risks are reduced to the
           lowest level possible, a proposed flight plan may be executed. A flight release is granted when
           the PIC has determined that:

                · The flight may be conducted in accordance with the CFRs, CFR exemptions, applicable
                     State Regulations and C.E.T. Aviation standards.

                · The validity of all required licenses, permits and certificates has been verified and the
                     required documents and manuals are available for immediate access.

                · All required UAS maintenance work has been completed and that the UAS is in a safe,
                     serviceable, flight worthy condition.

                · All required equipment, assemblies, subassemblies onboard are functional.
                · The meteorological conditions are such that the flight can be conducted safely and

                     within State and International regulations and standards.
                · Preparation for every flight shall include a review of available current weather reports

                     and forecasts.

           Flight Operation Notification -The filing of a proposed flight operation is the responsibility of
           the PIC. Appropriate notification to the local governing FAA Flight Standards District Office
           (FSDO) shall be notified at least 3 days prior to the scheduled day of flight. This will be in the
· \. form of a written Plan of Activities, which must include at least the following information:
 ) A) Dates and times of all flights

                B) Name and phone number of the operator of the UAS
               C) Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the

                     UAS
                D) Make, model, serial number and N-number of the UAS to be used
                E) Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the flight operations event
                F) A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or

                     local officials to conduct the flight operations even; the list of those who gave
                     permission must be made available to the inspector upon request
                G) Signature of exemption-holder or representative
                H) A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
                     county, and/or state over which flight operations will be conducted and the altitudes
                     essential to accomplish the operation

           Accident and Incident Reporting -Any incident, accident or flight operation that transgresses
           the lateral or vertical boundaries of the flight operations area as defined by the applicable
           Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) must be reported to the FAA UAS Integration
           Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation
           Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB website: www.ntsb.gov. Further
           flight operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident or transgression is reviewed
           by AFS-80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

                                                                     Page 15 of22
Training Requirements-- The PIC shall be trained in all aspects of flight operations. Training will
include, but is not limited to:

     · Personal Computer Flight Simulation that is similar to the flight characteristics and
          control of the UAS to be used. Simulation is essential prior to actual flight with the UAS

     · Actual flight training with the UAS to be used in a designated flight area such as at the
          property of C.E.T. Aviation, an FAA designated UAS test site, or a flying site location as
          sanctioned by the Academy of Model Aviation (AMA) with prior permission of the
          landowner and/or governing organization ofthat location (AMA membership is required
          by the PIC for this training location).

Prior to any commercial flight operations, the PIC shall have accrued at least 25 hours of
documented flight time with the UAS being operated by C.E.T. Aviation. The PIC and VO shall
train together during this time to practice and become familiar with all normal and emergency
procedures and call-outs as identified in this manual. It is the responsibility of the PIC to
determine if the VO has a thorough understanding of how to conduct flight operations safely
and competently as outlined in this manual. Retraining with the VO may be necessary to
maintain competency.

Responsibilities of the Pilot in Command- the PIC shall have exclusive and final authority as to
whether or not the UAS shall undertake any flight. The PIC shall not be overruled by the VO or
the customer nor disciplined for well-considered decisions having to do with weather,
mechanical condition of the UAS or other hazards. The PIC should utilize all available resources
in making decisions related to flight. The VO should be brought into all discussions concerning
the operation of the aircraft as it relates to weather, mechanical condition or other hazards. In
emergency situations, the PIC is authorized to deviate from prescribed rules to the extent that
safety is not compromised. In addition to the above mentioned, the PIC is responsible for the
following items:

     · The safety of all persons surrounding the flight operations area
     · The operational safety of the UAS once it has started its motors for the purpose of

          taking off until the moment it finally comes to rest at the end of the flight and the
          motors used as primary propulsion units are shut down
     · Ensuring that checklists are complied with in detail
     · Ensuring the flight time is recorded and documented on the appropriate UAS flight
          logbook
     · Ensuring the UAS is free of defects and is ready for flight
     · Ensuring the UAS is operated within the environmental limitations set forth in this
          manual, such as wind, precipitation, cloud clearances, etc.
     · Ensuring the UAS weight and balance are within operating limits
     · Ensuring the UAS battery packs have sufficient capacity, and are in serviceable condition
     · Recording all known or suspected defects for the UAS on the maintenance logbook at
          the termination of the flight of which the defect occurred
     · Appropriate notification to the local governing FAA Flight Standards District Office
          (FSDO) of the intended flight operation

                                                          Page 16 of22
               · Ensuring that the flight will not be commenced if a flight crewmember is incapacitated
                    from performing duties by any cause such as injury, sickness, fatigue or the effects of
                    any psychoactive substance

                · The security of the UAS during its operation
                · Notifying the appropriate authority within 24 hours of an incident, accident or flight

                     operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area
                     {except where the PIC is incapacitated, when it will become the responsibility of the VO)
                · Reporting any act of unlawful interference to the FAA or State (Mandatory Occurrence
                     Report), as appropriate, and the designated local authority.

          Responsibilities of the Visual Observer- the VO is responsible to assist the PIC in flight
          operations and the proper execution of flight. The VO will be prepared to assume the
          responsibility of safely landing and/or recovering the UAS in the event of which the PIC
          becomes physically incapacitated. The following tasks will be accomplished by the VO:

                · Assist in prepping the UAS for flight
                · Assist in the preflight inspection of the UAS
                · Assist in the post flight inspection of the UAS
                · Assist in breaking-down the UAS for the purpose of transporting it in a vehicle
                · Starting and stopping the flight timer for the purpose of recording flight times and

                     monitoring battery capacity levels
                · Monitoring altitude and battery capacity levels on the ground control station display
                · Logging the total flight time of each flight of the UAS
.J · Ensuring that a constant visual line of sight, unobstructed, except with the use of

                     corrective lenses and/or sunglasses, to the UAS is maintained throughout its flight
                · Maintain situational awareness of the UAS flight operations area
                · Ensure no unauthorized personnel are allowed within the UAS flight operations area
                · Observing the live camera feed to the ground control station when visual line of sight to

                     the UAS is not required

           Environmental Restrictions- It is the responsibility of the PIC to examine the current weather
           reports and forecasts of the weather conditions on the proposed flight operations area in order
          to determine whether a threat of exceeding the flight limitations of the UAS prevail, or are
           likely to prevail, during any part of the flight. The PIC shall ensure weather reports are current
           and are received from reliable sources such as, but not limited to 1-800-WX-BRIEF (992-7433},
           www.intellicast.com for the city in which the flight operation is being conducted and/or
           www.aviationweather.gov/adds/metars/ for the closest reporting airport to the UAS flight
           operations area. Flying in inclement weather such as visible precipitation and local lightning
           strikes, and winds greater than 15 mph or 13 knots as measured at the ground, is prohibited.
           Flying at night is prohibited. Night is defined as the time between the end of evening civil
          twilight and the beginning of morning civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac,
           converted to local time. The PIC and VO will ensure that the UAS is not operated when the flight
          visibility is 3 statute miles or less and will maintain cloud clearances of 500 feet below and
           2,000 feet horizontal. The UAS is never to be flown above any cloud line therefore no cloud
           clearance from above is given.

                                                                     Page 17 of22
Checklists

Checklists for normal and emergency UAS procedures have been established for C.E.T. Aviation
UAS. Each checklist shall contain the date of the last revision to ensure the most current data is
used at all times. Checklists are to be used during each flight operation and are considered to
be a required document for the safe operation of the UAS. Some checklist actions must be
accomplished from memory when full attention is required by the PIC and VO such as certain
items listed in the emergency checklist. Critical emergency situations often require certain
immediate actions to be accomplished without taking time to read from a checklist. It is
because of this, the PIC and VO are required to become familiar with emergency procedures
from memory. Whenever actions are accomplished early or from memory, however, the
checklist will be verbally completed by the step by step accomplishment of a challenge and
response. This procedure serves as a 11double check" on all required actions and ensures that no
items were missed.

Preflight Checklist
     · FSDO notification complete at least 3 days prior to flight
     · Weather information reviewed
     · Flight briefing with all participating personnel complete
     · Ensure UAS battery is in serviceable condition and has sufficient capacity Note: If
          capacity of the battery is questionable, it is to be fully charged before initial use.
     · Install UAS battery onboard UAS but DO NOT connect its connector
     · Ensure UAS battery is secure
     · Perform a general visual inspection of the UAS
     · Check propellers for damage and security
     · Check motors for security
     · Check all electrical wiring for security
     · Check camera and camera gimbal for security- pay close attention to rubber mounts
     · Perform a Center of Gravity Check of UAS
     · Set GoPro video camera power switch to ON
     · Ensure GoPro video camera wireless transmitter is OFF (Note: to remain OFF during all
          flight operations)
     · Visually inspect all ground control station equipment for serviceability and power ON
     · Ensure the power lever on pilot operated radio control transmitter is fully DOWN
     · Set pilot operated radio control transmitter power switch to ON
     · Ensure pilot operated radio control transmitter has sufficient battery capacity
     · Connect the UAS battery connector to the UAS power connector
     · Initialize UAS (refer to compass calibration procedures in Naza M2 Quick Start Guide)
     · Verify altitude information on video monitor display reads 0 feet.
     · Allow all motors to rotate at idle to ensure correct operation- count all six motors

                                                               Page 18 of22
Postflight Checklist
     · Stop flight timer
     · Visually examine UAS battery for any signs of swelling
     · Disconnect UAS battery connector from the UAS power connector
     · Set GoPro video camera power switch to OFF
     · Set radio control transmitter power switch to OFF
     · Perform a general visual inspection of the UAS
     · Check airframe for damage
     · Check landing gear legs for damage
     · Record flight on appropriate logbook

Emergency Checklist
     · Lost link- confirm loss of control input- try regaining control during the "return-to-
          home" failsafe mode- wait for UAS to land- if previously in GPS mode switch to
          Attitude mode to regain control. Note: Return-to-home still available in Attitude mode.
     · Thrust motor failure- aircraft may have a tendency to rotate- control is possible for a
          limited time -land safely as soon as possible.
     · Battery capacity low- confirm constant flashing red LED- fly aircraft toward the home
          point or to a safe landing area- if power is automatically reduced -land safely as soon
          as possible.

Emergency Response Plan

The Emergency Response Plan (ERP) shall be carried out in the event of an accident, incident, or
any other emergency involving the UAS, private or public property, and participating and/or
non-participating personnel. Initial notification of an accident or emergency is to be directed to
the on-site customer representative and to the local authorities. The ERP will be located directly
behind the Emergency Checklist document and is considered to be part of the required
publications necessary for UAS Flight Operations. The PIC and VO shall be familiar with the ERP
and will discuss roles played as part of the preflight briefing.

Any accidents, incidents or emergencies must be reported to the FAA UAS Integration Office
(AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB website: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight
operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident or emergency is reviewed by AFS-
80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

The PIC will review the NTSB Part 830.5 "Immediate Notification List" to confirm that a

reportable accident I incident has occurred. If an accident I incident is reportable, the PIC will
complete the NTSB Form 6120.1 Pilot I Operator Aircraft I Accident Report.

     · A telephone call to the NTSB Communications Center (202-314-6000 or 800-683-9369) is
          sufficient to start the immediate notification process; however, Form 6120.1 is still
          required. www.ntsb.gov/report.html

                                                               Page 19 of22
                · In addition, the appropriate authorities of the State and/or local jurisdiction where the
                     accident occurred will be notified.

           In the event of an accident, the UAS and its components shall not be moved or otherwise
           disturbed (except to prevent destruction by fire or other cause or to avoid danger to any person
          or property) without approval of the NTSB investigation authority in which the accident
          occurred. The ERP will be activated in the event of an accident or when otherwise appropriate.
          The PIC and/or VO is/are required to notify C.E.T. Aviation's Insurance Provider and appointed
          legal counsel once the accident, incident or emergency has been mitigated.

           Elements of UAS Maintenance

          The pilot in command determines the airworthiness of the UAS before accepting the aircraft for
          flight. A preflight checklist we be completed before the first flight of the day. A post flight
           inspection shall be conducted after each battery replacement. In the post flight inspection, the
          condition of the UAS is evaluated. It is performed before the subsequent flight and serves as an
          opportunity to ensure airworthiness for the next flight.

          A detailed inspection of the UAS should be performed after the last flight of each day at home
           base. Manufacturer's inspection criteria and servicing specifications are to be addressed during
\ the post flight detailed maintenance inspection. A formalized checklist should be used that
) covers all required items along with a review and disposition of all maintenance discrepancies.

           Maintenance Authority- The manufacturer of certain component(s) used on the UAS shall have
          the authority to repair that particular component it produces. Most components of the UAS
           being operated by C.E.T. Aviation are modular in design. The replacement of these modular
           components is considered maintenance and shall be performed by appropriate persons.
           Persons authorized to perform maintenance, alteration and inspection of the UAS has not yet
           been established by current FAA regulations and therefore will either be conducted and/or
          supervised by the PIC for C.E.T. Aviation, who is an FAA certificated Airframe & Powerplant
          Technician and/or by RC Hobbies & More of Winsted, Connecticut, who is the kit assembler of
           the small UAS operated by C.E.T. Aviation. The PIC is allowed to supervise work performed on
           the small UAS by another individual(s), but shall have the final authority of returning the UAS
           back to service.

           Inspections- The UAS operated by C.E.T. Aviation is required to receive an annual or 100-hour
           inspection, whichever occurs first. Persons authorized to perform maintenance shall use the
           guidelines set forth in CFR 14 Appendix D to Part 43 -Scope and Detail of Items (As Applicable
           to the Particular Aircraft) To Be Included In Annual and 100-Hour Inspections. Annual or 100-
           hour inspections are to be documented in the UAS maintenance logbook.

                                                                     Page 20 of22
Functional Check Flights- Whenever any component of the UAS is changed, replaced, or
repaired in any way that might involve its operating characteristics, the UAS should be flight
tested for normal operation at a training location before the aircraft is released for commercial
flight operations. Such flights must be recorded by the PIC, in the UAS flight and maintenance
logbooks, indicating that the functional check flight was accomplished and that the UAS is ready
for normal flight operations. Vigilance and extreme care must be exercised by all personnel
involved with functional check flights. The potential for serious injury exists when the aircraft
has had any of its components, related to flight control, replaced.

Maintenance Logbook -Immediately upon finding a defect in the UAS, or upon completing any
maintenance on a UAS, the person discovering the defect or performing the maintenance shall
enter details of the event in the UAS Maintenance logbook. Records of maintenance,
preventative maintenance, and alterations, and any required inspections by the manufacturer
of airframe, motor(s), propeller(s), rotor(s), battery, radio equipment or any flight critical
component(s) of the UAS shall include a description of the work performed; component name
and if available, model or part number; serial number if available; date of completion of the
work performed; the total flight time of the UAS; and the signature of the person authorized to
perform the work who is also approving the UAS' return to service.
Note: The UAS airframe, all six electric motors, and all six propellers have been serialized. The
airframe has been given the serial number HEX 1 and the electric motors and propellers have
been given serial numbers P0-0001 through P0-0006. Any replacement of serialized
components are to be given the next sequential serial number in series for that component
group. The serial number off and on shall be noted in the maintenance logbook signoff for the
component removal.

Maintenance Technical Guidance- Authorized persons performing maintenance on the UAS
shall use all available technical guidelines, owners and operators manuals, and/or quick start
manuals as published by the individual component manufacturer or the UAS kit manufacturer.
All components of the UAS are considered "on condition" and will be replaced when such
components have been damaged to the point in which it effects the operation of that
component or the component has completely failed. When maintenance tasks become
questionable due to lack of supporting technical information, the UAS maintainer shall verbally
consult with the manufacturer.

10 Hour Progressive Inspection- The integrity ofthe Return-To-Home function is critical to safe
operation of the UAS. Therefore this feature shall be tested on a routine basis and documented
in the UAS maintenance logbook. It is the responsibility of the PIC to ensure the Return-To-
Home operational checks are performed every 10 hours of flight time, with an allowable
window of plus or minus 1 hour of flight time. In addition to this Return-To-Home flight check
the following items shall be closely inspected every 10 hours of flight time, with an allowable
window of plus or minus 1 hour of flight time, by a person(s) authorized to perform
maintenance and documented in the UAS maintenance logbook:

     · Inspect all electric motors- Pay particular close attention to outer case separation.
     · Inspect all propellers for looseness, cracks, nicks and blend repair as necessary.

                                                            Page 21 of22
                · Check all components for security of mounting.
                · Inspect airframe for damage.
                · Inspect landing gear legs for damage.
                · Inspect all UAS batteries for damage and swelling.
                · Inspect the radio control transmitter for damage.
                · Inspect the radio control transmitter battery for damage and swelling.
                · Perform a center of gravity check with gimbal assembly, video camera, and battery pack

                     installed. Note: the battery is not required to be connected to perform this check.

\

)

                                                                           Page 22 of22
                                                                                                                ENDORSEMENTS

 mt                                          Flight Review: §61.56                                                     Flight Review: §61.56
                                             he\,~'IJ;:;,L, WY\ L.
        ~~~~ .. ~-- D a t e - - - - - - - -                     c. S JFirst name, Ml, Last name], holder of            :_s:; ~in v <\ L v'; \ t.~"~ [First name, Ml, Last name], holder of
          ~ .,____ Expiration------          pilot certificate # flll 'l2Y.C0~L-·~ [certificate number], has           pilot certificate # 14 1'fl:, <{o'(;, ~2.
                                                                                                                                                                  [certificate number], has
·nt
                                             -satisfac orily com leted the flight review required by §61.56 on         satisf cto ily completed the flight review required by §61.56 on
     ~,.~~ . ,,.___ D a t e - - - - - - - -                               [date].
       ·--~---- Expiration------                                                                                       04 ·v 2. ·1·         [date].

~·-----------------------------J             Lu.~·Signed                ot,Q!JilfiOo(i\7TI:'lllill> Date. Of}'         Signed                                     ~D a t e d < i l · · l j
                                                                                                                       CFI # ::Zou3'S:_,3_'2...t::_.f/
                                             CFI # 2..615~6:1'                       Expiration o.·                                                               Expiration .Q.~ j ) .

                                             Flight Review: §61.56                                                     Flight Review: §61.56

                                             Joshc.A \); /c.~s.          [First name, Ml, Last name], holder of                                         [First name, Ml, Last narno], 11olclor of

                                             pilot certificate # 141840B'52          [certificate number], has         pilot certificate #                        [certificate nurnbor], has

                                             satisfactorily completed the flight review required by §61.56 on          satisfactorily completed the flight review required by §61.51) on

                                             /:Z-28·04          [date].                                                                     [date].

                                             Signe~.ro \)JJJ..                       Date /2- 2!8- o4                  Signed                                     Date--·~~~~
                                                                                                                       CFI #                                      Expiration--·--···-~··· ..........
                                             CFI # 2, 14Gt!                          Expiration Q'l {o6

                                             Flight Review: §61.56                                                     Flight Review: §61.56
                                             \-j 0 :> lw~\ J ~ \(...\t\t, ':!. JFirst name, Ml, Last name], holder of
                                             pilot certificate# lY I '&~..JOg'S d..                                                                     [First name, Ml, Last name], holder of

                                                                                     [certificate number], has         pilot certificate #                        [certificate number], has

                                             vsatis7ctorily completed the flight review required by §61.56 on          satisfactorily completed the flight review required by §61.56 on

                                             10 ib·Q            [date].                                                                     [date].

                                             f..Signed     /.J.Nt"'J                 Date ~OLII.r ov                   Signed                                     Date        -~---
                                                                                                                       CFI #                                      Expiration
                                             CFI #    ;s\_:~3: l (;~:(               Expiration Q!1{_0,8,
                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

INSPECTION AUTHORIZATION

This certifies thatJOSHUA LARRY VILCBES

holder of Mechanic Certificate No. ;;c3_4:...6:...1;.:.57;-'4'-'7--::--::---:-----:
has been authorized to exercise the privileges of

Aviation Regulation 65.95.                                                           ::J
This authority expires March 31, 2015
                                                   unless <
sooner revoked by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation g;
Administration or extended by endorsement on the reverse o

this card.

DATE ISSUED                 CTOR

03/19/2014

FAA FORM 8310-5 (8-60) SUPERSEDES PREVIOUS EDITION
.'

  FlameWheel550
  User Manual

     v 1.9

       2013.03.13 Revision

                  d.JI

                             FLRtn6 WH66L

                                            www.dji-innovations.com

©2012 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer

Read this disclaimer carefully before using FlameWheel550. By using this product, you hereby agree to
this disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. FlameWheel550 is an excellent multi-rotor. With
a good autopilot, it will even offer tremendous flight features for low altitude flight working in restricted
space. Despite the controller of autopilot operates in the safest manner when the main power battery is
connected, we strongly recommend customers to remove all propellers, use power supply from RIC
system or flight pack battery, and keep children away during system calibration and parameter setup.
Please respect the AMA's National Model Aircraft Safety Code. DJI Innovations assumes no liability for
damage(s} or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product.

DJI FLAME WHEEL is registered trademark of DJIInnovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing
in this manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product
and manual are copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual
shall be reproduced in any form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No
patent liability is assumed with respect to the use of the product or information contained herein.

F550 Profile

FlameWheel550 (F550) is a multi-rotor designed for all pilots for fun or AP. With DJI WKM or NAZA
autopilot system, it can achieve hovering, cruising, even rolling and other flight elements. It can be
applied for entertainment, aerial photography, FPV and other aero-modeling activities.

©2012 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  2
Contents

Disclaimer.......................................................................................................................2
F550 Profile ....................................................................................................................2
Contents .........................................................................................................................3
Product Usage Cautions.................................................................................................3
In Box .............................................................................................................................4
Tools Needed .................................................................................................................5
ESC Wiring .....................................................................................................................5
Assembly ........................................................................................................................6
ESC Sound Introduction .................................................................................................7
Specifications .................................................................................................................7

Product Usage Cautions

When flying, the fast rotating propellers of FlameWheel550 will cause serious damage
and injury. Therefore, please fly with a high safety consciousness.
1. Keep flying multi-rotor away from objects, such as obstacles, children,

       human beings, high-voltage lines and so on.
2. Do not get close to or even touch the working motors and propellers, which

       will cause serious injury.
3. Do not over load the multi-rotor.
4. Check that the propellers and the motors are installed correctly and firmly

       before flight.
5. Make sure the rotation direction of each propeller is correct
6. Check whether all parts of multi-rotor are in good condition before flight. Do

       not fly with old or broken parts.
7. Use DJI parts as much as possible.
If you have any problem you cannot solve during installation, please contact our
customer service.

©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  3
''

    In Box

Arms lssoFACI x4                             lssoFAWl x2

1Oin Propeller Pairs lssOP1 olx4 Sin Propeller Pairs I550P08Ix4

                                                 Screws I550-M2.5x6l x36

Magic Strap lssoMsXj x1, Battery Band lssoBBXl x1,
Power Line Pair lssOPLPI x1

©2012 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                               4
Tools Needed

2.0mm Hex Wrench                             For frame and motors installation.
Screw Glue                                   For fastening screws.
Nylon Cable Tie
Scissors                                     For binding devices and wires.
Diagonal Cutting Pliers
Foam Double Sided Adhesive Tape              For fixing receiver, controller and other modules.
Soldering-iron & Wires                       For connecting ESCs' power cables to bottom board.

ESC Wiring

                                             ESC

                                                                                                                                                                                        ESC

Important

· Please solder ESCs to power pads on bottom board as the figure shows.
· Use any insulating method at all soldering spots. Make sure there is no short or open circuit.
· Make sure the side of power pads is upward.
· Make sure the rotation direction of each motor is the same as the way in the figure of

     "AssemblY' shows. If not, switch any of two wire connections of the incorrect motor to change

      its rotation direction.

©2012 OJ! Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                                                  5
Assembly

                                                                                  Screw M2.5x6
                                                                                   t1 t1

                                                                                      t1

                                                                                                                                               ®

                                                                                                                                           ~~

                                                                        ~         ll ll                      ll ll
                                                                 ~

                                              ..........                   .....  ._____......._             _, Step4
                                                                                                               ----1~·1 Install top board

·  Install screws by appropriate force                    1      Please wire neatly. Make sure wires will    ·  Please install propellers after autopilot system configuration procedure.
·                                                            ··  not be cut by frame boards and propellers.  ·  Make sure the rotation direction of propellers are the same as the figure
   to prevent breaking threads.                                  Smooth out the boards edge if necessary.    ·
                                                                                                                shows.
   Use adequate screw glue for                                                                                  When mounting the propellers, do not use any thread locker, just tighten
   ·msta II"mg screws. ,M                                 ···

                                                                                                                the nuts to the end manually then use the wrench to tighten it about 50°.

In up figure, arms front of craft, arms are back of craft. See from top, motors on .arms                            rotate counter-dock wise, use propellers 1038; motors on arms
         rotate clock wise, use propellers 1038R.

<02012 DJ! Innovations. Ali Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                                               6
''

    ESC Sound Introduction

    ESC State                                    Sound

    Ready                                        J'1234567

    Throttle stick is not at bottom              888888 ...

    Input signal abnormal                        8--------8--------8 ...

    Input voltage abnormal                       88---88---88--88 ...

    Tips:

    DJI ESCs are specially designed for multi-rotors. When use with DJI autopilot

    systems, you do not have to setup any parameters or calibrate travel range.

    Specifications                               550mm
                                                 478g
     Frame                                       1200g - 2400g

     Diagonal Wheelbase                          15A OPTO
     Frame Weight                                30Hz- 450Hz
     Takeoff Weight                              3S- 4S LiPo

     ESC                                         22x12mm
                                                 920rpmN
     Current                                     10 x 3.8in (@3S); (Optional 8 x 4.5in (@4S))
     Signal Frequency
      Battery

     Motor

      Stator size
      KV
      Propeller

    ©2012 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                7
Landing Gear For Flame Wheel Instruction
JXl9<*~le5i~ i~B~

                                                                                                 210mm

                                                                                               275mm
Naza - MY

Quick Start Guide v1.26

2014.05.12 Revision
For Firmware Version V4.02 or above
& Assistant Software Version V2.20 or above

Thank you for purchasing this DJI product. Please strictly follow these steps to mount and connect this system on
your aircraft, as well as to install the Assistant Software on your computer.

Please regularly check the web page of corresponding product* at our website www.dji.com. which is

updated regularly. Product information, technical updates and manual corrections will be available on this web
page. Due to unforeseen changes or product upgrades, the information contained in this manual is subject to
change without notice.

* Important: Naza-M, Naza-M V2 and PHANTOM control system are different in hardware parts, but their
configurations and functions are the same when using the same Assistant Software and Firmware Version, so they
use the same Guide. Unless stated, the following instruction is basic on Naza-M V2. If you use the Naza-M, please
make sure to read the "Instruction of Vl (also known as Naza-M}" section; if you use the PHANTOM, download the
other corresponding manuals on the PHANTOM web page.

This manual is only for basic assembly and configuration; you can obtain more details and advanced instructions
when using the assistant software. To assure you have the latest information, please visit our website and download
the latest manual and current software version.

If you have any problem that you cannot solve during usage, please contact your authorized dealer.
"2013 OJI Innovations. All Ri9hts Reserved.
\

                Index

                         INDEX........................................................................................................................................................................................................2
                         INSTRUCTION ........................................................................................................................................................................................3

                                DISCLAIMER & WARNING .................................................................................................................................................................................3

                                       TRADEMARK ..···.··.·.·.·.·.·...·.·...·.·....·.·..·.....·.........·....·.....·....·...··.·.·.·.·...·.·.·..·...·....·..·.......·...·..·.····.····.·.·.·.·.·..·...··.·.·...·.·.·..·...·...........·.....·............. 4
                                       CERTIFICATIONS .................................................................................................................................................................................................4
                                       SYMBOL INSTRUCTION .·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·...·.·.·.··..·.......·..·.·......··..·..·......·.·........·.·..·.·.··..········.··........·...........·...·..··.......·........·....··.·..·......··.··.·.·....·...·.·.4

                         ASSEMBLY & CONNECTION ............................................................................................................................................................5

                                       STEP1 PORT DESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................................................................................5

                                STEP2 ASSEf~BLY & CONNECTION ................................................................................................................................................................6
                         ASSISTANT SOFTWARE INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION .......................................................................................?

                            STEP1 SOFTWARE AND DRIVER INSTALLATION ON A PC .·.·.·.·...··........·......··..······.··.····.······.·.·.·.·.·....·.·.··..···..·.·.·..·.·····.·...··.·.·.·····..···.·.·.·· 7

                                       STEP2 CONFIGURATION BY ASSISTANT SOFTWARE ON A PC··...·.·.·.·....·.·.··..·····.···...··..··.···.·.·..·..............··.·..··..·...·.·..·.·.·..···.···.·....·.·.·.·· 8

                        BASIC FLYING......................................................................................................................................................................................lO

                                       CONTROL MODE KNOWLEDGE ............·.....·....·............·.·....·.·.·.·...·..·....·..·....·.·..·...·.......····.····.....·.·...··.·...··..·.....................··..·........·.·.·.·..... 10

                             START &STOP MOTOR KNOWLEDGE .·····.··.·..··..··.·.·.·.·..·.·.·.·.·.···...·.........··.·.···········.·.·.·.·..·.··.···.·........··.·........··.·..·......·..·.····.·.··..·.·.·.···.·..· 10

                                       STEP1 COMPASS CALIBRATION ......................................................................................................................................................................12
                                       STEP2 ASSEMBLY CHECKING LIST...·...·.·.·...·............·.·.......·.·.···.·..·.·..·.·.·.·..·..··.···..·.....···.·.··.···.·.···.··.....·.·.·.·.·.·····.·......·.·.···.·...·..·.....·......·...13
                                       STEP3 BEFORE FLIGHT.....................................................................................................................................................................................13
                                       STEP4 FLYING TEST ..........................................................................................................................................................................................14

                        ADVANCED FUNCTIONS.................................................................................................................................................................l6

                                       A1 FAILSAFE ·.·.··.·.·.·.··.·.··.......·......·.......·...·.·.....·..·...··....·.··.·..·.·.·.·.·.·.·..·............·.··.···....·.·.·.··.·.·.··.·.··..·................·....·...·.···.·.···.··.·.·.·..·..··..·..·.··16
                                       A2 Low-VoLTAGE ALERT ..·.·.·.·.·...·.....·..·..·..··.··.·.....··.·.·.·.·.···..·.·.·.··...·......·....·..·..·..·.·.·.·.··.·..···...·.·...··.···.·.·.....·....··....·...·...·..·...·.·.·.·.·.·.·..·..17
                                       A31NTELLIGENT ORIENTATION CONTROL (IOC) FLIGHT (WITH GPS MODULE) ........·..·..·.···.··.·.·.·..··.··.·.·.·....·..·.···.·..··...·....·...·..·.·..18
                                       A4 RECEIVER ADVANCED PROTECTION FUNCTION ·.·.·.·.······.....·........··.·..·.········.····...·..·.·...···...·...·..····......···.·.·.·.···.·.··.··....··...·····.·.·.·.·.·21
                                       AS FLIGHT LIMITS·...·...·..·.·.·····.·.···.·.·.·····...·.·.·...····..............·..........·...·.·.·.··.··..·...·....·....···..··....·.....··...····..··..·.··....··..·.....·................·...·...··...·.22

                          APPENDIX.............................................................................................................................................................................................23

                                       SPECIFICATIONS ...............................................................................................................................................................................................23
                                       MC/PMU FIRMWARE UPGRADE ..................................................................................................................................................................24
                                        LED DESCRIPTION ...........................................................................................................................................................................................25

                          INSTRUCTION OF V1 (ALSO KNOWN AS NAZA-1'-1) ...............................................................................................................26

                                        V1 ASSEMBLY AND CONNECTION................................................................................................................................................................-26
                                        V11S COMPATIBLE WITH THE PMU V2 (ACCESSORY OF NAZA·M V2)................................................................................................26
                                        V1 PORT DESCRIPTION ....................................................................................................................................................................................27
                                        V1 SPECIFICATION ............................................................................................................................................................................................28

                          FAQ.........................................................................................................................................................................................................29

                                        ABNORMAL LED INDICATION LIST...............................................................................................................................................................29
                                        FIX THE TBE (TOILET BOWL EFFECT) PROBLEM ......................................................................................................................................29
                                        SHOULD YOU FIND THE MULTI-ROTOR DOES NOT TRACK STRAIGHT IN FORWARD FLIGHT............................................................... 30
                                        MOTORS START FAILURE CAUSED BY TX STICK(S) MID POINT ERROR TOO BIG.................................................................................. 30
                                        ATTITUDE CONTROLLABLE WHEN ONE MOTOR OUTPUT IS FAILED ....................................................................................................31
                                        WHEN USED WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS...................................................................................................................................................32

                                    ·.;2013 DJIInn0·Jattons. Alf Rights Reserved
\

   Step2 Assembly& Connection

                                                    "'0'-!)r;,·· .;. ,~M1
   Step1 Prepare an aircraft, supported the following Mixed Types.

   The direction of the arrow in diagram indicates the rotation direction of the motor/propeller.
   Important : To coaxial propellers: Blue propeller is at TOP; Red propeller is at Bottom. Otherwise all propellers are at top.

                                                                                             ~"
                                                    \_·;);;,~(.v'b.~.,-M5 J'l@'lw="'r
                                                                                                        M3

                                                                                                 /.i"""

   Quad-rotor I         Quad-rotor X                Hexa-rotor I                             Hexa-rotor IV

                                                                                             ESC & MC Connection

                                                                                             Aircraft Main Controller

                                                                                             M 1 - - - M1

                                                                                             M2-M2

                                                                                             M3 - - - M3
                                                                                             M4-M4

                                                                                             MS - - - MS
                                                                                             M6-M6

                                                    Octo-rotor V                             M7-F1
                                                                                             MB-F2

   Note: The NAZA-M V2 flight control system doesn't support Gimbal function when used on the Octo-rotor aircraft.
           For big aircraft that is larger than 650 or with heavy load, WKM is recommended.

   Main Controller(MC)                                                        ESCs & Motors

   Mount: (1)The DJIIogo should face the sky, DO Please use the ESCs and motors recommended by the manufacturer

   NOT mount the MC upside-down. (2)The MC sides of your aircraft. We recommend you use DJI motors and ESCs (Refer

   should be parallel to the aircraft body. (3)The arrow to its manual for details). Connect all ESCs to MC by the motor

   should point to the nose direction of aircraft. (4)he numbering method introduced in mixed types Supported.

   MC is best positioned near the aircraft's center of Important : If you use 3rd party ESCs, make sure the ESCs travel

   gravity. Make sure all ports are accessible.     midpoint is at1520us. DO NOT use 700us travel midpoint ESC,'as it

   Tip : II is recommended to fix the MC until all may lead aircraft to fly away or cause injury and damage. After ESCs

    wirings and configurations are completed, using 3M connection , calibrate ESCs one by one through the receiver directly

   l.J;!gu~mc:::;,m::;e:::d.!:p:::a!::pe:::r..!p:::.r:::,ov:::,id:::e:::d:.:l:::o..:.fi:::x..:lh:::e::..M:::::C:;.·- - - - - - ' 1before connect them to your MC, Make sure program all of them into

                                                                                 Governor off, Break off and Normal Start up to get best experience.

                                                                                                            Gimbal
                                                                                             Connect the gimbal servos to
                                                                                             the ports of F1 and F2 if a
                                                                                             gimbal is used, and use the
                                                                                             software for configurations.

   S-Bus/S-Bus2/PPM Receiver

   Transmitter(TX) & Receiver(RX)                                                                  (Optionai)GPS/Compass
                                                                                             Mount : GPS/Compass is sens~ive to
   (1 )Refer to you TX Manual, setup the lr---~=:-:c:-:--:-----,                             magnetic interference, should be far
                                                                                             away from any electronic devices. If
   Aileron, Elevator, Throttle, Rudder              PMU Module                               you use your own mounting rod,
                                                                                             make sure it is NOT magnetic!
   channels on your TX first, and choose a 3- Mount : DO NOT attach the PMU on               Procedures :
                                                                                             (1)You should use epoxy resin AB
   position switch as control mode switch.          other device. Sufficient air flow over   glue to assemble the GPS bracket

   (2)Attach the matched RX to aircraft, then the PMU is highly recommended.                 first. Mount the bracket on the center

   connect your RX to the right ports on MC. Tip : If use with DJI multi-rotor, you          plate of craft. Position the bracket at

   The following diagram shows the                  can solder the power cable to power      least1 0 ern from any propeller.

   connection example for traditional RX.           pads on frame bottom board. Please       (2)The DJIIogo marked on the GPS
                                                                                             should face the sky, with the
                 AILE   A                           refer to DJI multi-rotor manual for      orientation arrow pointing directly
                                                                                             forward. then fix the GPS on the plate
                 ELEV   E                           details. If use with 3rd part aircraft,  of the bracket (by 3M glue provided).
                                                                                             Tip : The GPS/Compass is packaged
                 lliRO  T                           you can make a connecter by              with a special indication line for
                                                                                             mounting for the first time.
                 RUDD   R                           yourse~ to connect PMU and battery.

                        u

                                                                  LED Module

                                                   Mount : Make sure You can see the

                                    MC light during the flight. Leave the USB
                                                   interface to be accessible. Use the

                                                   3M gummed paper provided to fiX.

   Step3 Double Check

   (··o··o··o···· ).In this step, turn on the transmitter, connect the battery to the PMU, and then watch the LED, if you can see the LED blinks
                                                          the system is working.

   6©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved. J
\

                         Instruction

                             Disclaimer & Warning

                                      Please read this disclaimer carefully before using the product. By using this product, you hereby
                                      agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT
                                      SUITABLE FOR PEOPLE UNDER THE AGE OF 18.

                                               This product is an autopilot system designed for serious multi-rotor enthusiasts providing excellent self-leveling and
                                               altitude holding, which completely takes the stress out of flying RC multi-rotors for both professional and hobby
                                               applications. Despite the system having a built-in autopilot system and our efforts in making the operation of the
                                               controller as safe as possible when the main power battery is connected, we strongly recommend users to remove
                                               all propellers when calibrating and setting parameters. Make sure all connections are good, and keep children and
                                               animals away during firmware upgrade, system calibration and parameter setup. OJI Innovations accepts no liability
                                               for damage(s) or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product in the following conditions:
                                         l. Damage(s) or injuries incurred when users are drunk, taking drugs, drug anesthesia, dizziness, fatigue, nausea

                                                       and any other conditions no matter physically or mentally that could impair your ability.
                                               2. Damage(s) or injuries caused by subjective intentional operations. Any mental damage compensation caused

                                                       by accident.
                                               3. Failure to follow the guidance of the manual to assemble or operate.
                                               4. Malfunctions caused by refit or replacement with non-DJI accessories and parts.
                                               5. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using third party products or fake OJI products.
                                               6. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mis-operation o~ subjective mis-judgment.
                                               7. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mechanical failures due to erosion, aging.
                                               8. Damage(s) or injuries caused by continued flying after low voltage protection alarm is triggered.
                                               9. Damage(s) or injuries caused by knowingly flying the aircraft in abnormal condition (such as water, oil, soil,

                                                        sand and other unknown material ingress into the aircraft or the assembly is not completed, the main
                                                       components have obvious faults, obvious defect or missing accessories).
                                               10. Damage(s) or injuries caused by flying in the following situations such as the aircraft in magnetic interference
                                                        area, radio interference area, government regulated no-fly zones or the pilot is in backlight, blocked, fuzzy
                                                        sight, and poor eyesight is not suitable for operating and other conditions not suitable for operating.
                                               11. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using in bad weather, such as a rainy day or windy (more than moderate
                                                        breeze), snow, hail, lightning, tornadoes, hurricanes etc.
                                               12. Damage(s) or injuries caused when the aircraft is in the following situations: collision, fire, explosion, floods,
                                                        tsunamis, subsidence, ice trapped, avalanche, debris flow, landslide, earthquake, etc.
                                               13. Damage(s) or injuries caused by infringement such as any data, audio or video material recorded by the use of
                                                        aircraft.
                                               14. Damage(s) or injuries caused by the misuse of the battery, protection circuit, RC model and battery chargers.
                                               15. Other losses that are not covered by the scope of OJI Innovations liability.

                             I3©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
Trademark

DJI and Naza-M are registered trademarks of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this
manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are
copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in
any form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed with
respect to the use of the product or information contained herein.

Certifications

This product is approved with quality standards such as CE, FCC and RoHS.

Symbol Instruction                              Cautions                   Tip Reference

  0 Forbidden(lmportant)

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 4
Assembly & Connection

In the Box:
Main controller Xl, PMU Xl, GPS Xl, GPS Bracket Xl, LED Xl, Servo Cable X8, Micro-USB Cable Xl, 3M Adhesive
Tape.

Stepl Port Description

                          k For roll control (left/right)                                Main Controller
                          E: For pitch control (fronUback)                                          PMU

                              · For throttle control
                             For rudder control
                              For Control Model Switch
                                : For gimbal pitch control/ For gain tuning

                          X2: For D-Bus{S-Bus/S-Bus2 compatible) I For gain tuning I
                          X3: For voltage monitor(Connect to PMU V-SEN port)

Main Controller

                                                Connect to Main Controller LED port

                             LED                      Micro-USB: PC connection
                                                      for parameter configuration
*ESC: Electronic Speed Controller                     and firmware upgrade

                                                Pointing to the aircraft nose direction

                                                    Connect to GPS port of PMU

                                                                                         GPS/Compass

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 5
Assistant Software Installation and Configuration

Step! Software and Driver Installation

I Installing and running on Windows

~-1. Please download the dri-ve_r_a_n_d-th_e_A_s-si-s-ta_n_t_i-ns_t_a_ll-at_i_o_n_s_o-ft_w_a--r-e-in_E_X_E-fo_r_m_a_t_f-ro_m_w_w_w-_d_j_i.-co_m_.- - - 1

I 2. Switch on the transmitter and then power on your autopilot system.
I 3. Connect your autopilot system and PC via a tvlicro-USB cable.

1: Open the driver installation software and follow the instructions to complete installation.
            Run the Assistant installation software and follow the instructions to complete installation.

               The installer in EXE format is supported on Win XP, Win?, WinS (32 or 64 bit).

I Installing and running on Mac OS X

~--,-.-- Download the Assistant--i-n-st_a_ll_e_r_i_n_D_tvf_G_f_o-rm_a_t_f-ro__m_t_h_e_d_o_w_n_lo_a_d_p_a_g_e-of_N_A_Z_A_-tvf_V_2_o_n_the DJI

1 website.

I 2. Run the installation software and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                                             NAZMI-V2

3. When launching for the first time if use Launchpad to run the NAZA-tvf V2 Assistant Software, Launchpad
         won 't allow access because the software has not been reviewed by tvfac App Store.

l  "NAZAM" can't be opened because it is
   from an unidentified developer.

   Your security preferences allow installation of only
   apps from the Mac App Store and identified
   developers.

   E!M created thi!: fi!c today ;~t 1:18PM.

                                                       OK

I©2013 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved. 7
r------                                                                                                                                            ---,

i 4. Locate the NAZA-tvf V2 icon in the Finder and open the file by Control or right clicking the icon and j

selecting "Open" from the menu.

5. After the first successful launch, double-clicking the NAZA-tvf V2 icon in the Finder or using Launchpad I

will open the application.

                                  DJI NAZA-M V2 Assislaflt                                                                                         I

                                  ···

                                  Tools

B.asit                            Am.::raft    NONE                                                            Adv01oncr:d       NONE
                                  Mixer Type:                                                                                    NONE
  Mounting                                                                                                    Motor
                                                                                                              Motor Idle Speed:
    CPS Location                                                                                              Cut Off Type:
   X Ocm
                                  RC                                                                          FIS                        NONE
                 Ocm              Receiver Type: NONE                                                         Failsafe Methods:

  z Ocm

Gain

         Pitch              Roll  Yaw          Vertical                                                       IOC
                                                                                                              Intelligent Orientation Contro NONE

          Basic 100% )Nir:) 100% )NH .":] 100% iNH . : ) 100% )NH : J                                         Gimbal
         Attitude 100% )iiifi"":] ioO% )NH · : l                                                              Gimbal Switch:

Channel Monitor                   ..........................................................................                             NONE

.... """""i"""'"'                                                                                             Voltage                    NONE
                                                                                                              Protection Switch:         NONE
.-.....-......~......~......0                                                                                 Current Voltage:           NONE
                                                                                                              Battery Type:              NONE
         --~~                                                                                                  First Level Protection:   NONE
                                                                                                               Second Level Protection:

                                                                                                                                         ··

                Installer in DtvfG format is supported on tvfac OS X 10.6 or above.

               The NAZA-tvf V2 Assistant on tvfac OS X and Windows are exactly the same. The Assistant appear in
                other places of this manual is based on Windows version.

Step2 Configuration by Assistant on a PC

  1. Power on the PC. tvfake sure your computer is connected to the Internet for the first time you use.
  2. Switch on the transmitter first, and then power on the autopilot system. Connect the autopilot system to

            the PC with a tvficro-USB cable. DO NOT break the connection until setup is finished.
  3. Run the Assistant Software.
  4. Observe the indicators on the left bottom of the software. (· ·They are the connection indicator and

            communication indicator in order.) If the communication indicator is blinking, that the software is ready,
            please go to next step.
  5. Select the "Info" option. Check the software firmware version. If the upgrade is available, you may update
            the assistant software.

I©2013 DJilnnovations. All Rights Reserved. 8
6. Select the "Upgrade" option. Check the Main Controller, GPS and IMU firmware version.
7. Select the "Basic" option. Please follow step·by-step for your first-time-configuration. Basic configuration

          is necessary, including Mixer Type, Mounting, RC, and Gain settings.
8. You can click the "Advanced" option for more parameter settings. Advanced setting is optional. There are

          settings of Motor, FailSafe, Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC), Gimbal, Low-Voltage Alert, and Flight
          Limits. Read the instruction in the assistant software to obtain more details.
9. Select the "Viewer" option to check all parameters.
10. Then break the Micro-USB cable, power off the aircraft. Finished.

'.,/,'         (l) You may be required to fill register information for your first-time·usage.
               (2) If the communication indicator is blue on, please double check the connections.
 /:J~;         (3) Basic configuration is necessary before you go to the "Basic Flying Test".
         __ '  (4) Users are required to install a Windows system, since the software can only run on Windows

~                        system.
               (l) If the firmware upgrade is available, please upgrade it by referring to the Firmware Upgrade

                         in the Appendix.
               (2) This step is required to use together with the assistant software to obtain more details.

Recommended Parameters

Recommended Settings for using F330/F450/F550

                      Configuration Information  Basic Gain       Attitude Gain

               Motor  ESC Propeller Battery Weight Pitch Roll Yaw Vertical Pitch Roll

F330 DJI-2212 DJI-18A DJI-81nch 35-2200 790g 140 140 100     110  140 140

F450 DJI-2212 DJI-30A DJI-81nch 35-2200 890 9 150 150 100    105  150 150

F550 DJI-2212 DJI-30A DJI-81nch 45-3300 1530g 170 170 150    140  170 170

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 9
Basic Flying

Control Mode Knowledge

Please read the Control Mode Knowledge clearly before usage, to know how to control the aircraft.

Different control modes will give you different flight performances. Please make sure you understand the features

and differences of the three control modes.

                , GPS ATTL Mode ,                                            ,                                                                                                                                        j
                i ( ! ii i ATTL Mode i Manual Mode
                        With GPS Module )
---~·--------------------f-------------------------------------J _______________________________________ _ L _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Rudder Angular \i                                Maximum rudder angular velocity is 150 ofs

                                                                                                                                                           Max-angular velocity is 150°/s.

Command Stick \:,  Multi attitude control; Stick center position for 0°      \:,

                                                                                                                                                           No attitude angle limitation

Meaning         !  attitude, its endpoint is 35 o.                           ! and vertical velocity locking.

-----------------------,.-{·-------------------------------------------------------------------------------1--------------------------------------------

----A--i-t-i-t-u-d--e--L--o--c--k----+!-----M··-a-i-n--ta--i-n--t-h--e--a--l-t-it-u--d--e--b--e-s--t-a--b,-o--v-e--1--m---e-t-e--r--f-r-o--m---g--r-o-u--n--d-.-----r!--------------------N--O-----··---------------

                ! . i i1 Lock position if GPS signal I                       l

Stick Released                                   Only attitude stabilizing.                                                                                NOT Recommend

---------~----------------~------------~~-?-~.:.9-~~!=~-----~------~-------------------------··------------~-------------------------------------------
                ~:'l:, When GPS signal has been
                                                 Only performing attitude !::,

GPS Lost           lost for 3s, system enters    stabilizing without

-------------~-----------~---~~~~-~-<?~~--r:~!~~-~~~:~-~y~___j__________E~:~!~<?-~-~-~~-~:----------~-------------------------------------------
                i !Attitude & speed mixture control ensures stability
                ! Enhanced Faii-Safe(Position ! Auto Level Fail-Safe !r-------------~--------------------------,-·-"------------------------------------1
                                                                                                                                                           Depends on experience.

Safety :::::.-----~~~~~~~~:::~~~~:~~;:-~~~~~:~;~~::;:~:~~~~~~-~~~-:;~-~-~~~~;~~~~;~~~-~~-c~~~~:;·---

                   Mode (including GPS Mode, ATTl. Mode, Manual Mode and IOC Mode), the aircraft will

                                                                                  enter the failsafe Mode.
-------------------------y----------------------------------------1--------------------------------------r-----·-------------------------------------

Applications i     AP work                       i Sports flying. i

Start & Stop Motor Knowled. e

               (1) Both Immediately Mode and Intelligent Mode are available in the Assistant Software,
                          Advanced->Motor->Stop Type.

                (2) Stop Motor method is defaulted to Immediately Mode.
Please get to know well about this section before flying.

1 Start Motor' Pushing throttle stick before takeoff will not start the motors. You have to execute any one of

          following four Combination Stick Commands (CSC) to start the motors,

I©2013 OJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 10
2 Stop Motor: We provide two options to stop motors in the assistant software: Immediately and Intelligent.
         (1) Immediately Mode: If you select this mode, in any control mode, once motors start and throttle stick is
                  over 10%, motors will not stop immediately only when throttle stick is back under 10% the motors will
                  stop. In this case, if you push the throttle stick over 10% within 5 seconds after motors stop, motors
                  will re-start, CSC is not needed. If you don't push throttle stick after motors start in three seconds,
                  motors will stop automatically.
         (2) Intelligent Mode: By using this mode, different control mode has different way of stopping motors. In
                  Manual Mode, only executing CSC can stop motors. In ATTl. Mode or GPS ATTl. Mode, any one of
                  following four cases will stop motors:
                  a) You don't push throttle stick after motors start within three seconds;

            b) Executing esc,

                  c) Throttle stick under 10%, and after landing for more than 3 seconds.
                 d) If the angle of multi-rotor is over 70·, and throttle stick under 10%.

               In ATTl./ GPS ATil. Mode, it has landing judgment, which will stop motors.

               (2) Start motors in ATTl./ GPS ATil. Mode, you have to execute CSC and then push throttle stick

I (3)          over 10% in 3 seconds, otherwise motors will stop after 3 seconds.
               During normal flight, only pull throttle stick under 10% will not stop motors in any control mode.
L
                or safety reason, when the slope angle of multi-rotor is over 70· during the flight in ATil./
               GPS ATil. Mode (may be caused by collision, motor and ESC error or propeller broken down),

                nd throttle stick is under 10%, motors will stop automatically.

Notesof Intelr·gent M0 de & Immed.1ate1Iy M0 de

        (1)    If you choose the Immediately Mode, you should not pull throttle stick under 10% during flight,
               because it will stop motors. If you do it accidentally, you should push the throttle stick over 10% in
0

               Ss to re-start motors.

          (2) DO NOT execute the CSC during normal flight without any reason, or it will stop motors at once.

          (1)  If you choose the Intelligent mode, and the throttle stick is under 10%, this will trigger the landing
               Procedure, in any control mode. In this judgment, pitch, roll and yaw controls are denied except
 'f\

/ , '~ >

               the throttle, but multi·rotor will still auto level.

          (2) In any control mode, DO NOT pull throttle stick under 10% during normal flight without any

               reason.

          (1) Any of these two cut off types will only work properly if TX calibration is correct done.
          (2) In failed-safe, CSC is denied by the main controller, motors will hold their state.

I©2013 DJIInnovations. All Rights Reserved. 11
Step/ Compass Calibration

Without GPS module, please skip this step. If you use with GPS module, follow step-by-step for calibration.

        (l)  DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is magnetic interference, such as magnetite, car
             park, and steel reinforcement under the ground.
0 (2)        DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration, such as keys or cell phones.
             Compass module CANNOT work in the polar circle.
        (3)
        (4)  Compass Calibration is very important, otherwise the system will work abnormal.

Calibration Procedures

1. Switch on the transmitter, and then power on autopilot system!

2. Quickly switch the control mode switch from GPS Mode to Manual Mode and back to GPS Mode (or
        from GPS Mode to A TTl Mode and back to GPS Mode) for more than 5 times, The LED indicator will
         turn on constantly yellow so that the aircraft is ready for the calibration.

3. (Fig.l) Hold your Multi-rotor horizontal and rotate it around the gravitational force line (about 360°) until
         the LED changes to constant green, and then go to the next step.

4. (Fig.2)Hold your Multi-rotor vertically and rotate it (its nose is downward) around the gravitational force
         line (about 360°) until the LED turns off, meaning the calibration is finished.

      ~~
                                                  Fig.l Fig.2

  5. If the calibration was successful, calibration mode will exit automatically. If the LED keeps flashing quickly
           Red, the calibration has failed. Switch the control mode switch one time to cancel the calibration, and
           then re-start from step 2.

            1. When the GPS is abnormal, the Main controller will tell you by the LED blinking Red and Yellow

              alternately (II··=:::J}, disable the GPS Module, and automatically enter the aircraft into the

                       ATTI.Mode.
              2. You don't need to rotate your multi-rotor on a precise horizontal or vertical surface, but keep at

                       least 45 · difference between horizontal and vertical calibration.
              3. If you keep having calibration failure, it might suggest that there is very strong magnetic

                       interference around the GPS /Compass module, please avoid flying in this area.
              4. When to do re-calibration
              (1) The flight field is changed.
              (2) When the multi-rotor mechanical setup has changed:
              a) If the GPS/Compass module is re-positioned.
              b) If electronic devices are added/removed/ re-positioned (Main Controller, servos, batteries, etc.).
              c) When the mechanical structure of the multi-rotor is changed.
              (3) If the flight direction appears to be shifting (meaning the multi-rotor doesn't "fly straight").
              (4) The LED indicator often indicates abnormality blinking when the multi-rotor spins. (It is normal

                       for this to happen only occasionally)

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 12 J
Step2Assembly Checking List

Please check each item, to make sure for safety.

               Any of the following mistakes will lead to a dangerous accident, double check all these items:
              (1) Rotation direction of motor is opposite
               {2) Infirm connection between the motor and the ESC

 0 (3) Wrong or infirm installation of Main controller

               (4) Wrong or infirm connection between the main controller and ESC.
               (5) Propeller installation mistake
               (6) Magnetization of the compass
               Make sure the following items are correct.
               (l) Make sure you have assembled your multi-rotor correctly.
               (2) Make sure you have done the configuration procedure correctly.
               (3) Make sure all connections are in good condition.
               (4) Make sure batteries are fully charged for your transmitter, autopilot system and all devices.

Step3Before Flight

Carry out the following procedures (is based on Intelligent Mode of Motor Stop) to make sure all
configurations are correct Refer to the Appendix->LED Description for more LED details.
1. Always switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor!

<··oe·o··o····).2. Keep the aircraft stationary until the system start and self-check has finished

          After that, the LED may blink Yellow 4 times quickly (0000 ). Start motor is disable during LED blinking
         Yellow 4 times quickly (0000), as the system is warming up.

3. After the 4 times Yellow LED disappears, toggle the control mode switch on your transmitter to make sure it

is working properly. For example, LED blinks (0 He), which means the system is in ATTl. Mode and the

GPS signal is worst Check it with LED indicator to specify the current working mode for MC. See following

table for details about LED indicator;

(1) There are Manual Mode and ATil. Mode without a GPS/Compass module, no GPS signal status LED

indicator.

(2) After connecting to the GPS/Compass module, GPS ATTl. Mode is available, and GPS signal status

LED indicator is available.

Control Mode LED Indicator                                    GPS Signal Status LED Indicator

Manual Mode: NO LED                                           Signal is best (GPS satellites > 6): NO LED
ATTl. Mode: 0 ( 00 indicates that is stick{s) not at center)  Signal is well (GPS satellites = 6): ·
GPS Mode: @ (@@indicates that is stick(s) not at center)      Signal is bad(GPS satellites= 5) : H

                                                              Signal is worst (GPS satellites< 5) ,eee

I©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 13
4. Keep the aircraft stationary, and then push both sticks to the left bottom or right bottom (shown as the
         following chart, defined as Combination Stick Commands (CSC)), to start the motors.

                  ~,~,.~

5. Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them at the mid point, and the throttle stick under the mid
         point. Then check whether all propellers are rotating correctly.

6. Stop motors, power off the Multi·rotor.
7. Make sure all settings and configurations are correct and then you can take off you aircraft.

After power on, if abnormal LED Indicator occurs, please refer to the Abnormal LED instruction in the FAQ and
aids troubleshooting.

StepL/Flying Test

  1. Choose an open space without obstruction, tall buildings and crowds as flying filed. Place the aircraft 3
       meters away from you and others, to avoid accidental injury.

  2. If in GPS ATTl. Mode, place the aircraft in an open space without buildings or trees. Take off the aircraft
       after 6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red LED blinks once or no blinking). If in Manual Mode or ATTL
       Mode, you can skip this step.

  3. Start-up
         (1) Switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor! Keep the aircraft stationary until the
                  system start and self·check has finished.
         (2) Please wait for the system to warm up gradually with the LED blinks Yellow 4 times quickly
                  (0000). You should not start the motors until the blinking disappears.
         (3) Keep the aircraft stationary, and execute the CSC to start the motors.
         (4) Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them at the mid point, at the same time raise the
                   throttle stick from the bottom. The motors will stop if you do not push the throttle stick from the
                   bottom within 3 sec and you will need to re-start the motors.
         (5) Keep raising the throttle stick until all the rotors are working, push the throttle stick to the mid point
                   and then take·off your multi·rotor gently, pay attention not to push the stick excessively.
          (6) Pay attention to the aircraft movement at any time when flying, and use the sticks to adjust the
                   aircraft's position. Keep the yaw, roll, pitch and throttle sticks at the mid point to hover the aircraft
                   at the desired height.

  4. Lower the aircraft slowly. Pull the throttle stick to the bottom and then execute the CSC to stop the motors

        after landing.

_ _ _ _ _ _ j5. Please always power off the Multi-rotor first, and then switch off the transmitter_af_te_r_la_n_di:n;g;.___,

      ....____~

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 14 J
FLYING NOTES(VERY IMPORTANn ! ! !

           (l) If the warm up waiting is longer than 2 minutes (the 4 times Yellow blink continues), please power

             off for 10 minutes, cold start, and then connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU

             calibration, carry out the Advanced calibration.

(2) If you enable the Immediately Mode of Motor Stop; you should not pull throttle stick under 10%

             during flight, because it will stop motors. If you do it accidentally, you should push the throttle

        (3)  stick over 10% in 5s to re-start motors.
             DO NOT execute the CSC during normal flight without any reason, or it will stop motors at once.
        (4)  Pay attention to the GPS satellite status LED indicator. Bad GPS signal may lead the aircraft to
             drift when hovering.
0            DO NOT fly near to ferromagnetic substances, to avoid strong magnetic interference with the
             GPS.
        (5)

(6) Please avoid using GPS ATTl. Mode in the areas, where GPS signal is most likely bad.

(7) If the LED flashes quickly Red then this indicates battery voltage is low, land ASAP.

(8) If the transmitter indicates low-battery alarm, please land ASAP. In this condition the transmitter

             may cause the aircraft to go out of control or even crash.

(9) In GPS ATTl. Mode, make sure that the home point is recorded when the GPS signal is well;

             otherwise the home point recording may be not so precise.

(1) In ATTl Mode, throttle stick center position is for Om/s along the vertical direction. You should

             keep the position of throttle stick higher than 10% from cut-throttle during the flight! In any

             control mode, DO NOT pull throttle stick under 10% during normal flight without any reason.

(2) It is recommended to land the aircraft slowly, to prevent the aircraft from damage when landing.

(3) If Low-Voltage Alarm is set, the aircraft will act according to the configuration of the Assistant
         Software once Low-Voltage Alarm is triggered. Make sure you remember what you have set
         before.

(4) If Fail-Safe function is set, the aircraft will act according to the configuration of the Assistant
         Software once Fail-Safe is triggered. Make sure you remember what you have set before.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 15
Advanced Functions

AI FailSafe

An introduction of Go-Home and Landing.

                                                                                                      Signal lost   Stay hover

                                                                                                                     A

Home-point: Before takeoff, current position of multi-rotor will be saved as home-point by MC automatically when

you start the motors for the first time after 6 or more GPS satellites are found (red light blinks once or no blinking)

for 10 seconds.

,cj_·\ 1. Please make sure to record the home-point before takeoff, and clearly know where it is.

Note  2. During go-home the nose direction of the aircraft is facing toward the home-point, the aircraft is

      flying directly from the current position to the home-point.

      3. You can regain the control during the aircraft is hovering 15 seconds.

The flowchart of failsafe and how to regain control

This section will demonstrate the working logic of failsafe and how to regain control. i- What triggered tailsate'i·

The following description is effective only when:                                                     ;

1. The aircraft is in flight.                                                                         :- fo!i·.,fe                          [
I2. T~e GPS works ~ormally and signal is good (<!: 6 satellite, the LED blinks a single'- How to regain control
                                                                                                      '=~ecautions _______j
red hght or no red hght).

                   :Attit~de-Mod-;: (1) the aircraft will level its atlitude -------- -       Attitude Mode: In Attitude Mode as
                                                                                              soon as you get signal you can
(1) The aircraft   !immediately (2) 3 seconds later, failsafe is triggered and
flies far away,    fiaircraft will start to go home. (3) If signal is regained during        Iregain control
TX is on but the   (1) or (2), it will resume normal flight Immediately.                 1
signal is weak
                   --- --      ---------- - -- -------                              -------

                   GPS Mode: (1) the aircraft will slow down and hover. (2) if ,

                   ~ the signal is restored within 3 seconds (TX and receiver , GPS Mode: switch the TX mode

                   'connected), the system will immediately return to normal ,__ switch to Am, if the receiver is

                   operation; does not enter failsafe. (3) if not reconnected _,_ connected, then you will regain

                   jwithin 3sec, the system will enter failsafe, then even if the            controL

                   'signal is restored, the system will not exit failsafe.

case; the as----"- .. --- ----------------- --- ________,_ ... ----- ·-- ----- ----~- ----- ·-                 -·--- ----- .. ----
                   ;In this    behavior ottile aircraft is thesame iri                       If you choose to turn off the TX,
(2)Turn off the
TX (we assume      \the above condition.                                                     you must be pretty sure that you

you want to        ~If you want the aircraft to Return Home, please do not turn ~ know how to regain control. Here
trigger failsafe)
                   !the TX back on within 3 seconds*, otherwise the aircraft                 we offer a method, please read
                   :will exi~ failsafE! mode im_mediately.
                                                            - -·-~                  .. carefully.

We strongly recommend you DO NOT tl)' this, because there are three When you turn off the TX. use the following
types of risk:
                                                                                    method to regain control:
(1) You must be pretty dear whether the Home-point is OK for landing or (1) Switch the TX switch to GPS.
not (You have to understand the definition of Home-point well and the (2) and then put throttle to the center
working process of failsafe)
                                                                                    position(greater than 3sec after switching off,
(2) If there are tall buildings around, the aircraft may be obstructed on the important), you can now turn the TX back on.
way. (3) then you can switch the TX Control mode
(3) When GPS signal is bad or GPS is not working, failsafe will not work switch to Am to regain control.

.INote: if you start the motors, but do not push the throttle to take-off the aircraft, in this case it is Vel)' dangerous to turn
off the TX. because the aircraft will take off automatically, so do not tl)' this.

*If signal lost for more than 3 seconds failsafe will be triggered, if signal regained within 3 seconds jt will exit failsafe immediately.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 16
A2Low-Voltage Alert

In order to prevent your multi-rotor from a crash or other harmful consequences caused by low battery voltage,
there are two levels of low voltage protection available to use. You can choose to use or not to use them; however
we strongly recommend using the protections if available! Low-Voltage Alert is to indicate that the battery cannot
provide enough power for the aircraft, in order to warn you to land the aircraft ASAP. You can configure this
function in the assistant software, and please read the text in the software carefully before your flight. Make sure to
carry out the Current Voltage Calibration.
There are both first level and second level protections. The first level protection has LED warning. During second
level protection the aircraft will land automatically with LED warning. Meanwhile the center point of throttle stick
will move up slowly to 90% of endpoint, you should land ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing!
It is not for fun, you should land your aircraft ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing or other harmful
consequences!!!

               (1) Configure the FailSafe function in the assistant software -> "Advanced" -> "F/S" and read the
                          instruction thoroughly and carefully.

                (2) Configure the Low-Voltage Alert function in the assistant software -> "Advanced" -> "Voltage"
                          and read the instruction thoroughly and carefully.

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 17 J
A3 Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) Flight {with GPS module)

Definition of Forward Direction:
Multi -rotor will fly along this direction when you push the elevator stick(-+-).

Step 1Before You Start

Usually, the forward direction of a flying multi-rotor is the same as the nose direction. By using IOC, wherever the
nose points, the forward direction has nothing to do with nose direction. The red and blue arrows on the transmitter
are corresponding to pitch and roll operations in the following diagram.
· In course lock flying, the forward direction is the same as a recorded nose direction. All the following

          requirements are met: the autopilot system is in ATTl. Mode or GPS ATTl. Mode.

   · · --.- ·' - ~

              Normal flying                  Course Lock Flying

· In home lock flying, the forward direction is the same as the direction from home point to multi-rotor. All the

following requirements are met: 6 or more GPS satellites are found, in GPS ATTl. Mode, and the aircraft is

further than 10m away from the home point_

                                             ·~
                                                          ~~
                                                                 "'1
                                                   ·Home

              Normal flying                  Home Lock Flying

Step2IOC Switch Setting

Before using the JOC function, you have to choose a 3-position switch on your transmitter as the IOC switch, which

is also used for recording the orientation, home position in corresponding modes. Refer to the assistant software;

dick the "Advanced" to find the "IOC".                                . -,~....,
             IOCSwitch                                                __ ,I  I
                                                                      ...
                                                                      \

IOC Function                            OFF  Course Lock              Home Lock

                   The above table is for example. The function of the switch position may be reversed since the
                   normal/reversed setting of the switch channel. Toggle the switch and observe the slider position of
                   channel X2 on the assistant software screen, the corresponding area should turn blue.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 18
Step3Method of Forward Direction and Home Point Recording

If you use the IOC function, please be aware of the Forward Direction of Course Lock Flying, and the home point of
Home Lock Flying. There are two ways to record the forward direction and the home point: Manually and
Automatically. You may choose any one record method. The LED will blink Green quickly if successfully recorded.

                               Course Lock                     Home Lock
~~----------------·-'··---- .-~--~-----------------------------------·--···---------*-------------------+------------------··-------------------------------------------------------------------
                   ! ' Before takeoff, the current position of the aircraft

Automatically      30 seconds after you power on the           will be saved as home point when you start the
                                autopilot system.               motors for the first time after 6 or more GPS

········---------------r··- 30 seconds after you power on the      satellites have been found for 10 seconds.
                                                               After 6 or more GPS satellites have been found.

Manually           autopilot system. Toggle the IOC switch     And the aircraft can be hovering. Toggle the IOC
                   from Off to Course Lock, and back to Off    switch from Course Lock to Home Lock, and back

DO NOT toggle the switch between Off to Home Lock, since it may change the recording of the
Forward Direction of Course Lock.

Step410C Flying Test

Then you can do Course Lock and Home Lock flying test.
Carry out an IOC flight by the following procedure. The Control Mode LED will blink Yellow and Green

alternatively (OS) to indicate the IOC mode only when the main controller is really to fly in Course Lock, Home

Lock modes.

      During the   STEPl: Record               STEP2:0N        STEP3:0FF                       STEP4: ON again
      same flight
                   *               +                           ¥                               +
     Course Lock
                     Record the   Set Control Mode switch at   Toggle IOC switch                Toggle IOC switch
lS~~~og                Forward    GPS or ATTL position,          to OFF position               from OFF to Course
                       Direction  Toggle IOC switch from OFF
                                  to Course Lock position                                           Lock position

     Home Lock     *                X·. 7,~                    *X

   Switch Setting  Record the     Set Control Mode switch at   ··
                   Home Point     GPS position,                IToggloiOC .wl><h               Toggle IOC switch
I                                 Toggle IOC switch from OFF
                                  to Home Lock position        l to OFF position               from OFF to Home

                                                                                               Lock position

--+ Aircraft moving direction when pull pitch stick            Aircraft moving direction when pull roll stick
                   > Aircraft ( the arrow is pointing to the direction of the aircraft nose )
·Home point

I©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 19
·;

                                  IOC FLYING NOTES ! ! !

                   0 (l) When Multi-rotor is flying by home lock far away from you and the home point, please DO NOT
                                                                       toggle the IOC switch many times quickly so as to avoid the change of home point without your
                                                                        attention.
                                                           (1) Home lock flying requires that 6 or more GPS satellites are found and the aircraft is further than
                                                                       10m away from the home point.
                                                             (2) If the IOC flying requirement is not satisfied, the autopilot system will quit IOC control mode.
                                                                        Please be aware of the LED indicator, to know the current control mode of the autopilot system.

                                            (l) Blinking indications of IOC 0 f) are:
                                                    0a) Before motors start: f) blink, all sticks (except throttle stick) return to center;
                                                           0 f) f) blink, stick(s) (except throttle stick) not at center.
                                                    0b) After motors start and throttle stick is over 10% in 3 seconds: f) blink, all sticks
                                                          return to center; 0 f) f) blink, stick(s) not at center.

                                                             (2) Before you do the home lock flight, you have to fly the aircraft out of the 10m range around
                                                                        home point, and then flip the IOC switch to Home Lock position to fly in home lock when all the
                                                                        requirements are met. If you have already toggled the IOC switch to Home Lock position when
                                                                        the aircraft is still in 10m range around home point, and this is the first time you are going to fly
                                                                        in home lock during the current flight, then if all the requirements are met, the main controller
                                                                        will change into home lock automatically when Multi-rotor flies out the 10m range around home
                                                                        point.
                                                                     (l) When flying in Home Lock mode, if any of the following situations happen, then the
                                                                                   system will quit Home Lock flying and automatically enter Course Lock flying. The aircraft
                                                                                   will fly in Course Lock using the earlier forward direction.
                                                                                a) The aircraft fly's within 10m range of the home point.
                                                                                b) You toggle the control mode switch to the ATIL Mode.
                                                                                c) The GPS signal becomes bad (The GPS signal LED is blinking Red twice or three
                                                                                          times).
                                                                         (2) We suggest that you should know clearly which flight lock method you are going to fly,
                                                                                   and you know the locked forward direction or home point, before you switch on IOC
                                                                                   mode during the flight.

                              ©2013 DJilnnovations. All Rights Reserved. 20 I
A4 Receiver Advanced Protection Function

You are asked to enable this function by connecting to the Assistant Software, please set it at the section of
Basic->R/C-> Receiver Advanced Protection.
If you choose enable it, the FailSafe will be triggered if the following situations occur during flight.
According to the difference of the aircraft height, there are two situations.
a) Lower than lOOm, the A/E/R channel is not at the mid point.
b) Higher than lOOm, the A/E/R channel is not at the mid point or the throttle stick is above the mid point.
In the GPS Mode or ATTl. Mode, if the requirement a} or b) is satisfied, and the output data of four channels
A/E/R/T have not changed for 20 seconds, then the aircraft will hover automatically. After that, if the output data
of four channels A/E/R/T still do not any changes and last for 10 seconds, the autopilot system will think that the
data from receiver is abnormal, and then enter the FailSafe Mode.
Brief introduction of how to quit the FailSafe Mode
If there is any command change from the receiver, the autopilot system thinks that the receiver is regained. In ATTl.
Mode and Manual Mode, it will quit the FailSafe Mode automatically. In GPS Mode, please toggle the control mode
switch to the ATTl. Mode and Manual Mode position to regain the control. Refer to the FailSafe section for more
details.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 21
ASFlight Limits

The flight limits function is default enabled in the NAZA-M Flight control system, it's aimed to restrict the flying
height and distance of the aircraft. The Max Height restricts the vertical distance between the aircraft and the
Home point, the Max Radius restricts the horizontal distance between the aircraft and the Home point.
The default Max Height is 2000m and Max Radius is 2000m. Users can write the values of the Max Height and Max
Radius in the Assistant software, the range of the Max Height is lOm-lOOOOOm, the range of the Max Radius is the
same. So that the aircraft will fly in the entered range, which is a cylinder space above the Home point.

                                                      Max

                                                      Height

                                                      ------

                                                  I'              MaX'

                                                      HPoomient~--Ra-d'iu-s ='=--+~-------

;.!\ (1)  Height Limit works when the control mode is GPS or ATTl. Mode. Radius Limit works when the
          control mode is GPS and the satellite number ;?:6.

(2) If the aircraft flies out of the limits, it's still controllable except flying further away.

(3) If the control mode is changed to GPS when the aircraft is out of Max Radius, the aircraft will fly

          back within the entered range.

(4) The Failsafe and the Ground Station operations are not restricted to the Flight Limits.

22©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved. J
Appendix

Specifications
 General

                                                 {l) Three Modes of Autopilot (4)S-Bus/S-Bus2 Receiver Support

Built-In Functions                               (2)Enhanced Fail Safe     (5)PPM Receiver Support

                                                 (3)Low Voltage Protection (6)2-axle Gimbal Support

Peripheral                                       · Quad-rotor 14, X4;

Supported Multi-rotor                            · Hexa-rotor 16, X6, IY6, Y6.

                                                 · Octo- rotor 18, VB, X8

Supported ESC output                             400Hz refresh frequency.

Recommended Transmitter                          PCM or 2.4GHz with a minimum 4 channels.

Assistant Software System Requirement            Windows XP SP3; Windows 7; Windows 8

Electrical & Mechanical                          · MC: 4.8V- 5.5 V

Working Voltage Range                            · PMU Input: 7.4V · 26.0 V (recommend 2S - 6S LiPo)
                                                                  Output(V-SEN port red wire): 3A@5V
Power Consumption                                                 Output(V-SEN port red wire)burst current:7.5A

                                                 · MAX: 1.5W(0.3A@5V)

                                                 · Normal: 0.6W(O.l2A@5V)

Operating Temperature                            -lOoC- 50oC (l4F -122F)

Weight                                           e MC:27g
Dimensions
                                                 · GPS/Compass: 27g

                                                 · PMU:28g

                                                 e LED: 13g

                                                 · MC: 45.5mm x 32.5mm x 18.5mm

                                                 · GPS/Compass: 46mm (diameter) x lOmm

                                                 · PMU : 39.5mm x 27.5mm x lO.Omm

                                                 · LED : 25mm x 25mm x 7.0mm

Flight Performance (can be effected by mechanical performance and payloads)

Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                     · Vertical: ± 0.8m

                                                 · Horizontal: ±2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity                         200°/s

Max Tilt Angle                                   35°
                                                  Ascent: 6m/s, Descent: 4.5 m/s
Max Ascent I Descent Speed

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 23
MC/PMU Rrmware Upgrade

Please follow the procedure for software and firmware upgrade; otherwise the system might not work properly. For
SAFETY REASONS, DO NOT use power battery during firmware upgrade.

  l. Make sure your computer is connected to the Internet.
 2. Please close all the other applications during the firmware upgrade, including anti-virus software and

            firewall.

  3. Make sure the power supply is securely connected. DO NOT un-plug the power supply until firmware

            upgrade has finished.

  4. Connect system to PC with Micro-USB cable, DO NOT break connection until firmware upgrade is

            finished.

  5. Run Software and wait for connection.
  6. Select~ option-7Check the MC and PMU Firmware Version.

  7. DJI server will check your current firmware version, and get the latest firmware prepared for the unit.

  8. If there is a firmware version more up-to-date than your current version, you will be able to click to

            update them.

  9. Wait until Assistant software shows "finished".

 IQEJ10. Click and power cycle the unit after at least 5 seconds.

  11. Your unit is now up-to-date.

                (1) After firmware upgrade, please re-configure the system using Assistant software.
               (2) If firmware upgrade failed, the system will enter waiting for firmware upgrade status

                          automatically, please try again with the above procedures.

             (3) Select~ option-7Check the GPS Firmware Version, online upgrade is disable.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 24
LED Descri tion                                                                                    ··o··o··o····LED Flashing
 System Status

  System start and self-check
  ltviU abnormal data or need advanced

calibration*                                                                                       ·0·0·0·0··
Warm up after power on
The aircraft is moved or bias of sensors too big                                                   ····00000000000000000000
Compass error too big, need recalibration.
Transmitter (TX) signal lost, enter the FailSafe.
TX stick(s) mid point error too big
Low voltage alert or other abnormal alert·

(e.g. Configuration error, TX data error, Enable

····················low voltage protection without PtviU, SN error

 or Compass abnormal work.)                                                                        ····················
Record forward direction or home point

                                                                                                   tvlanual tvlode: None

                                                                                                   ATIL tv!ode: 0 (stick(s) not at center 00 )

Control tvlode Indictor                                                                            0· ( 0·· )GPS tvlode: · ( stick(s) not at center ·· )

                                                                                                   IOC tvlode:  stick(s) not at center

GPS Signal State Indicator                                                                         GPS Signal is Best(GPS Satellite number> 6):     ·None
 ( GPS/Compass Module is necessary )                                                               GPS Signal is Weii(GPS Satellite number= 6):

                                                                                                   GPS Signal is Bad (GPS Satellite number= 5): · ·

                                                                                                   GPS Signal is Worst (GPS Satellite number< 5): · · ·

ICompass Calibration                                   LED Flashing
                         Begin horizontal calibration
L ····················- - - - - - - - - - 'Calibration or others error                                                    --
                                                                                               --  - - - -- --
                                                                                                                ~~  --  --
Begin vertical calibration ~ --
                                                                                                                                                 -

*You can figure out the error by connecting the autopilot system to the assistant software.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 25
Instruction of V1 (also known as NAZA-M)

Vl (also known as NAZA-M) system is different from V2 system, if you are Vl system user, please read the following

text carefully, and refer to the other text in this Guide for usage details (including Assistant Software Configuration,
Basic flying, Advanced Function Appendix and FAQ, etc.).

VT Assembly and Connection

Connect the Vl system according to the following chart.

                                                                                                                              vu

                                                                                                          Do not mount it on any other electronic devices. Make sure
                                                                                                          can see the LED light during the flight.

                                                                                                          If use with DJI multi-rotor, you can solder the VU power

                                                                                                          power pads on frame bottom board. Please refer to DJI
                                                                                                          manual for details.
                                                                                                          If use with 3ro part multi-rotor, you can make a connecter

                                                                                                          yourselfto connect VU, ESCs and battery.
                                                                                                          Sufficient air flow over the VU is highly recommended.

                                                                                                                                         ESCs, Motors
                                                                                                          Motors and ESCs in DJI multi-rotor kit are recommended.
                                                                                                          Please make sure you are using the ESCs and motors

                                                                                                          recommended by the manufacturer of your multi rotor first. NAZA
                                                                                                          output is 400Hz refresh frequency.
                                                                                                          If you use 3rd. party ESCs, please make sure the ESCs travel

                                                                                                          midpoint is at 1520us. DO NOT use 700us travel midpoint ESC,
                                                                                                          as it may lead aircraft to fly away or cause injury and damage.

                                                                                                          After connecl ESCs to motors, calibrate all your ESCs one by one

                                                                                                          through the receiver directly before connect them to your MC,
                                                                                                          Make sure program all of them into Governor off, Break off and

                                                                                                          Normal start up to get best experience.

                                                                                                                           ! ~=~~~;~7:~~~~v. and

                                                                                                                                    the maximum instant current is 7.SA. If
                                                                                                                                     the V U cannot afford the working
                                                                                                                                     current for your servos. please use an
                                                                                                                                     independent power supply; otherwise,
                                                                                                                                     it may cause the V U safeguard and
                                                                                                                                     lead to the main controller reboot.

                      (Optional) GPS/COMPASS                                                                                                MC

GP&t::cmpass is soosttive to magnetic inlerfereoce, should be far away fran any electronic davlces.       Please use 3M gummed paper provided To mount MC, and
You should liSe epoxy resin AS glue to assemble the GFS bracket first as the figure showed in
pr611ioospage.                                                                                            MC parallel to the aircraft horizon.
Moun! the bracket mthecen!er~ate of craft first, \hen HxlheGFS on theplateofthebrackel (by
3M glue providad). The GPS is sEI'IsitiVS to llibratiOO in!erletence, so posi\1a1\he bracket a! least 10  The output ports of MC (the right side in figure) should

anfran~rolct.                                                                                             the front of multi-rotor. You' d better put MC at the

The OJ! logo marked on the GFS shodd fate the sky, with the orienlSJon arro.v pdntmg dracUy               Icenter of multi-rotor. Please make sure all ports areac~>ssil>le
forward The GPSJCcmpass ispac!cagedw~h a special indcalioo hne formOU'lling for the firsl tme.
If you are Uflcerlaln whelhar materias near the GFSICanpass modlle are ma!Jletic ct no!, you can          when installing the MC so as to facilitate wiring and
use a canpass or magnet to ~heck H. If you use your own mountmg rod, make sure it is NOT
magnetic!                                                                                                 configuration.        pin~  near  the  nicks  are  si~~al  pins.    ~
                                                                                                          In three-.pin.ports,
                                                                                                                                                                            ~

                                                                                                          After choos1ng a location to mount the MC, it IS                  ~,.;;:

                                                                                                          recommended that you DO NOT mount the MC

                                                                                                          until all wirings and software configurations are completed.

Vl is compatible with the PMU V2 (Accessory ofNaza-M V2)

Vl system is compatible with the PMU V2 of V2 system; please carry out the following connection. The other

modules connection is the same as before.

Important: You are asked to upgrade your Firmware version of Vl MC to V3.10 or above, as the PUM V2 can only
work with the MC of version 3.10 or above.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 26
Vl Port Description

Please remember the function of each port, which may help you to use the Naza-M efficiently.

Main Controller

.....      For roll control (left/right)

......     For pitch control (front/back)

.....      For throttle control

.....      For rudder control

.....      For Control Mode Switch

....       For gimbal pitch control              Or for gain tuning

....       For D-Bus (S-Bus/ S-Bus2 compatible)  Or for gain tuning                 I Or for IOC switch

.......    For voltage monitor (Connect with VU V -SEN port)

---        To#] rotor

----       To #2 rotor
           To#3rotor
.....      To #4 rotor

aD--

.....      To#Srotor

.....      To#6rotor

---        To gimbal roll servo                  Or to #7 rotor (Upgrade the MC Firmware to V3.10 or above)

.......    To gimbal pitch servo                 Or to #8 rotor (Upgrade the MC Firmware to V3.10 or above)
cLEO""]
cEXP.---,  LED port, for LED wire connection from Versatile Unit

           GPS port, for GPS module wire connection.

           (In three-pin ports, pins near the nicks are signal pins.)

Versatile Unit

V-SEN      V-SEN port: To the X3 port of the main controller, for monitoring battery voltage and supplying

           power

           · Orange wire (signal wire) output: ±3.3V

           · Red wire (power wire) output: 3A@SV

LED        LED wire, to LED port of the main controller.

                  USB port: PC connection for configuration and firmware upgrades.

           GPS & Compass

           Connect to the EXP. port.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 27
Vl Specification                                 · Three Modes of Autopilot
 General                                         · Enhanced Fail Safe
                                                 · Low Voltage Protection
 Built-In Functions                              · S-Bus/ S-Bus2 Receiver Support
                                                 · PPM Receiver Support
 Peripheral                                      · 2-axle Gimbal Support

                                                 · Quad-rotor 14, X4;

Supported Multi-rotor                            · Hexa-rotor 16, X6,1Y6, Y6.
                                                 · Octo-rotor 18, VB, XB (Upgrade the MC Firmware to

                                                       V3.10 or above)

Supported ESC output                             400Hz refresh frequency.

Recommended Transmitter                          PCM or 2.4GHz with a minimum 4 channels.

Assistant Software System Requirement            Windows XP SP3; Windows 7

Electrical & Mechanical

Working Voltage Range                            · MC: 4.8V- 5.5 V
Power Consumption
                                                 · VU Input: 7.2V - 26.0 V (recommend 2S - 6S LiPo)

                                                                Output(V-SEN port red wire): 3A@5V

                                                                Output(V-SEN port red wire)burst current:7.5A

                                                 · MAX: 1.5W(0.3A@5V)

                                                 · Normal: 0.6W(O.l2A@5V)

Operating Temperature                            -lO"C- 50"C(l4F -122F)

Weight                                           · MC:25g

                                                 · GPS:21.3g

                                                 e VU:20g

Dimensions                                       · MC: 45.5mm x 31.5mm x 18.5mm

                                                 · GPS & Compass: 46mm (diameter) x 9mm

                                                 · VU: 32.2mm x 2l.lmm x 7.7mm

Flight Performance (can be effected by mechanical performance and payloads)

Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                     · Vertical: ± O.Bm

                                                 · Horizontal: ± 2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity                         200"/s

Max Tilt Angle                                   45"

Max Ascent/ Descent Speed                        6m/s

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 28
FAQ

Abnormal LED Indication List

During the Checking Procedure, if abnormal LED Indicator occurs or even the system cannot work normally, please

refer to the following list and aids troubleshooting.

<··o··o··o····(l) "System initializing and self-checking LED flashes" are not correct         Red LED

appears in the last four green flashes). The autopilot system works abnormally. Please contact your

dealer.

(2) LED blinks Yellow 4 times quickly (0000). The system is warming up. You cannot start the motors until

the 4 rapid yellow flashes disappear. If the warm up waiting is longer than 2 minutes, please power off for

5 minutes, cold start, and then connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU calibration, carry

out the Advanced calibration.

(3) After the system start and self-checking has finished, if the LED blinks Red, Green and Yellow (e4!IO)

continually. Sensor error is too big. Please connect the assistant software, enter the "Tools" - > IMU

calibration, carry out calibration.

(4) At the first motors start, the system will check the sensors Bias and you are asked to keep the aircraft

stationary (no need of horizontal level). If you cannot start the motors and the LED blinks Green 6 times

quickly (411411·411·· ), it means that the sensor error is too big. Please connect the assistant software,

enter the "Tools"- > IMU calibration, carry out basic calibration.

Note: after the first successful motors start, this checking will be disabled and it is no need any more to

keep the aircraft stationary during starting motors.

(5) The system blinks Red LED quickly during flying. Low-voltage protection is triggered. Please land the

aircraft ASAP.

(6) The system blinks Yellow LED quickly during flying. FailSafe Mode is triggered. Pay attention that there is

no tall buildings and trees to block your aircraft during go-home.

<···C::::J).(7) The LED blinks Red and Yellow alternately  Compass error is too big.

a) There may be a ferromagnetic substance close to the Phantom. Lift the aircraft up about lm from

     the ground, if there is no Red and Yellow flashing, then it will not affect the flight.

b) Otherwise, re-calibrate the compass.

c) If re-calibration does not work, please connect to the Assistant Software, select the "Tools" and

     follow the tips to carry out the required operation.

Fix the TBE (Toilet Bowl Effect} Problem

When flying in GPS ATTl. Mode and the compass calibration has been done correctly, should you find the aircraft
rotating (Toilet bowl effect), or drifting when hovering. Please check the GPS module mounting orientation and then

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 29
re-do the compass calibration. Carry out the following procedure to re-mount the GPS module.
In the following diagram (view from the top), the aircraft can appear to be rotating in both clockwise and

counter-clockwise direction, please re-mount the GPS module correspondingly.

.- - "':i is the rotating direction of aircraft, --+-is the nose direction of aircraft,
· · · i s the arrow direction on the GPS module, 8 is the offset angle for GPS re-mounting(about 10-30°)

Clockwise rotating  GPS re-mounting  Counter Clockwise rotating               GPS re-mounting

Shouldyou find the multi-rotor does not track straight in forward flight

Please carry out several more courses, the system will fix it automatically.

Motors Start failure causedby TX stick(s) midpoint error too big

If the TX stick(s) mid point error is too big, Motors Start will fail when you execute the Combination Stick
Commands (CSC) and lead to the aircraft will not takeoff.. And the LED will blink Red four times per second
continually to warn you.
TX stick(s) mid point error too big can be caused by the following reasons:

         (1) There is TX stick (except the throttle stick) not at center when power on the autopilot system.
         (2) The TX sticks has been trimmed, which leads to the large deviation of mid point. For example, the

                  SUB-TRIM has been adjusted for Futaba transmitter.
         (3) The TX stick(s) travel has larger asymmetry.
For the reason (1), please put all TX sticks at the mid point, and then power cycle the autopilot system to
  re-record the mid point. If the problem continues, that can be caused by the reason (2) or reason (3), yo
u need to adjust the output range of your TX, and then use the Assistant Software to redo the TX cali
bration. Please carry out the following procedures.
         (1) Connect to the Assistant software, click Basic-> R/C-> Command Sticks Calibration, and push all TX

                  sticks throughout their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its largest position.
         (2) Adjust the largest travel of TX stick until the cursor on the Assistant software can reach both end

                  positions, according to your TX manuaL
         (3) Power cycle the autopilot system, note that power cycle is required.
         (4) Redo the TX calibration according to the Assistant software.

I©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 30
Attitude Controllable When One Motor Output is Failed

For Hexa-rotor, including Hexa-rotor I, Hexa-rotor V, Hexa-rotor IV and Hexa-rotor Y, aircraft is attitude controllable
when one motor output is failed.
The NAZA-M can still control the attitude of the Hexa-rotor for a safe landing when one motor output of the
Hexa-rotor has failed, for example, one motor is stopped or one propeller is broken, etc.
The control mode of NAZA-M should be in Atti. Mode or GPS Atti. Mode. The aircraft will rotate, due to an
imbalance of torque; however, it can still be controlled by the Transmitter.
Select Course lock or home lock mode for flying the aircraft into a safe area to land when the aircraft is far away or
the attitude can't be recognized. Even when the multi rotor is rotating, using Course lock or home lock mode will
allow you to move the multi rotor in the corresponding Transmitter stick direction.

©2013 DJ/Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 31 I
When used with other DJIproducts

The NAZA-M system communicates with other DJI products (e.g. H3-2D gimbal, BTU module, iOSD mini and iOSD
Mark II) via the CAN-Bus port (e!lr-=') of the NAZA PMU V2. You can plug new DJI products into any spare CAN-Bus
port, since CAN-Bus ports on NAZA-M, CAN HUB, GCU, iOSD mini, iOSD Mark II and 2AG Bluetooth Datalink are
the same for the communications.
When there are not enough CAN-Bus ports for additional DJI products, then a DJI CAN HUB module is
recommended. The following diagram is for your connection reference.

         ZENMUSE H3-2D     ....... ........ ~·--
                 film)
                        -~~ iOSD
BTU                                            MARK II
                           -& %

                        Fig.l Used with iOSD Mark II

"""'IV1D£O-OUT                   ZENMUSE H3-2D                                            BTU

IGNi)                   ··· fiil!ID

""'"'""'                                  CAN HUB

iOSDmini                                            ciJI

ON SCREEN D-ISPLA.Y                                                   TMiind()l012DJI.

                                                                 Fig.2 Used with CAN HUB

I©2013 OJ I Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 32
                         -ZENMUSE H3-2D

                        ···

1 :~IGw.>           -&  CAN HUB
  IVJOCOo!N                 cfJ·

' iOSDmini                TMand02012DJI.
  ~SCREEN DlSPLA.Y

l

                                                  2.4G DATA UNK

                                                           !i,.K2:.!.:BTJ

                        Fig.3 Use a CAN HUB to connect the 2.4G Bluetooth Datalink

(1) Users can use the NM Assistant on the mobile device when a BTU module is connecting with the
         Ground end of the2.4G Bluetooth Datalink (No need to connect another BTU module to the
          Flight control system).

©2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 33 J
                  v

Disclaimer

Read this disclaimer carefully before using this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this
disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. DJI Innovations assumes no liability for damage(s) or
injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product.

DJI is the registered trademark of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this manual are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are
copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced
in any form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed
with respect to the use of the product or information contained herein.

Cautions

When f:-ling, Lhe fast rotating propellers wiL cause se~ious darnage and :n.iury. Therefore. {YBase fiy w·th a n;·gh
          Ker:p fly\o~g mui:;-rotor avvay from obsta des, hu:Ylan bei:-:gs, ;,,gh -voltage :ine.s ara so or..
          D~1 :-1ot qc~t C1osc: too ... to.Jch the worK;ng 'jto:ors <.:li''C ::::ropeilt~rs, wh;ch w;:: cr:Juse serious ir~u,..y.

                                                                                                                  frrriy befor0 flight.

            c-.'lrts.
In the Box

                                                                      Propeller Pair

                                                                                        Accessories Pack
                                                 Power Hub,
                                                Screws ( M2.5*<1l5*1.3*1), Screws ( M3*<1l4.9*6.8}, Screws ( M3*<1l5.5*4.5},
                                                 Wrench for propeller fix, 2.0mm hexagonal wrench, Double side tape, etc.

Tools Needed

! Electric Soldering Iron & Soldering Tin C· , "·~·.co the ESCs' power cables to the power hub.

              the ESC

  l. Please solder the ESC to the power pads on the power hub as the figure shows. Make sure the welding
  spot is firmly attached on the power pads and no short circuit. Do not damage the protector of the red
  cable to avoid short circuit.
  2. Connect the signal cable to your controller.
  3. Connect the motor to the ESC. Make sure the rotation direction of each motor is the same as the way of
   defined rotation direction. If not, switch any of two cables that connecting the motor and the ESC to

             its rotation direction.

                  To the controller

            The outer power pads are for the GND cables, and the
            inner power pads are for the power cables. Make sure to
            solder them correctly. Try to make the cables firmly
            soldered on the power hub with suited length (Should not
            leave any outside the power hub), and outward-facing.

Make sure there is no short or open circuit.
It is recommended to solder a power connector on the power hub.

                                                                                                                              2
iAssembling the Propellers
1----~P~ro~p_e.~lle~r_ _          ISilver nut (9443) ; Black nut (9443 R)

                          · Iil----~~~-~----~-l------r~~---------~-----1--~ i
                                  wI~ .
Assembly Location

                          clo~k-w~~e L~~or(Ciock-wiseI Motor(Counter               rota_f_,o_n_l_ _-1
                                  rotation)

eilI Fastening/Un-fastening 1     Lock, Tighten the propeller in this direction.

Instructions              I 'D'l  Unlock, Remove the propeller in this direction.  _______j

l. Tighten the propellers by following the instructions. Propellers are self tightening during flight.
2.

Assembling the Motors

Assemble the motor to a frame arm according to the size of the assembly hole.

                                                                                  4 x M3 -6H, screw depth is 3mm

                                I

         ."-<'!I

(1) The screw hole is M3 with the depth of 3mm. Assemble them with appropriate screws.
(2) Oversized screw may damage the motor.

                                                                                                                               3
                  lSAOPTO
                  30Hz-450Hz
                  11.1V-14.8V

DJI F450          Used Together with PHANTOM 2 VISION
DJI FSSO                                                                       4
PHANTOM
PHANTOM 2 VISION
1

   INSTRUCTION MANUAL

Futilbil®  Digital Proportional RIC System

                                      C0682<0

                                                                                           1M23N27902
                1L

            INSTRUCTION MANUAL

Technical updates and additional programming examples available at: http://www.futaba-rc.com/faq
Entire Contents© 2012
CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION............................................... 4               · How to turn ON/OFF the transmitter .......... 34
·Support and Service ......................................... 4              When turning on ............................................ 34
·Application, Export, and Modification ........... 5                          When turning off............................................ 34
· Definitions of Symbols ...................................... 6             Low battery alarm and auto shut-down ...... 34
·Safety Precautions (do not operate without                                   Warning display at power on ........................ 34

  reading) ............................................................. 6  ·Registration ofthe user's name ..................... 34
                                                                            · Home screen .................................................... 35
BEFORE USE ................................................... 10
·Features of 14SG ............................................ 10             User Menu....................................................... 36
·Contents and technical specifications ........... 11                       ·Link procedure (T14SG/R7008SB) ............... 37
·Accessories....................................................... 12      ·Range testing your RIC system...................... 39
·Transmitter controls ....................................... 13
                                                                            RACEIVER AND SERVO INSTALLATION. 40
  Cautions on handling antenna ...................... 14                    · Receiver and servos connection..................... 40
  LED monitor................................................... 14         ·Servo connection by model type .................... 41
  Switch (SA-SH)............................................... 15
  Digital trim (T1-T4) ....................................... 15           MODEL BASIC SETTING PROCEDURE ... 44
  Volume (LD, RD) ............................................ 15           ·Airplane/glider basic setting procedure........ 44
  Slide Lever (LS, RS) ......·................................ 15           · Helicopter basic setting procedure................ 46
  HOME/EXIT, U.MENU/MON. Button........ 15
  Touch sensor ................................................... 16       FUNCTIONS OF SYSTEM MENU ................ 50
  Stick adjustment............................................. 17            Trainer............................................................. 51
  SD card ............................................................ 19     Display............................................................. 54
  Connector/Plug ............................................... 21           User Name....................................................... 55
  Installation and removal of the battery........ 22                          Sound ............................................................... 56
· Receiver nomenclature ................................... 24                H/W Setting..................................................... 57
· Receiver's antenna installation...................... 26                    Start SEL........................................................ 59
·Safety precautions when installing servos ... 27                             Auto Lock ....................................................... 62
·S.BUS/S.BUS2 Installation ............................ 28                    Information .................................................... 63
·S.BUS Wiring example ................................... 29                  SBUS Servo .................................................... 64
·S.BUS2 System................................................ 30
·S.BUS/S.BUS2 Devicesetting ......................... 31                    FUNCTIONS OF LINKAGE MENU ............. 67
·Telemetry System............................................ 32            (Common Functions)

BASIC OPERATION ....................................... 33                    Linkage Menu functions table ...................... 67
· Battery Charging ............................................ 33            Servo Monitor................................................. 68
                                                                              Model Select.................................................... 69
  How to charge the NiMH Battery................. 33                          Model Type...................................................... 71
 System ............................................................. 73    Pitch Curve (Air/Giid) ................................. 117
 Function .......................................................... 76     THR Curve (Air only).................................. 118
 Sub-Trim ......................................................... 78      THR Delay (Air only)................................... 119
 Servo Reverse ................................................. 79         AIL Differential (Except 1-AIL) ................. 120
 Fail Safe........................................................... 80    Flap Setting (2-FLP and up) ........................ 121
 End Point ........................................................ 81      AIL to Camber FLP (2-AIL+2-FLP and up)122
 Servo Speed .................................................... 82        AIL to Brake FLP (Giid only, 4-FLP) ........ 123
 Throttle Cut (Air/Heli only) .......................... 83                 AIL to RUD ................................................... 124
 Idle Down (Air only) ...................................... 84             RUD to AIL ................................................... 125
 Swash Ring (Heli only) .................................. 85               Camber Mix (Except 1-AIL) ....................... 127
 Swash (Heli only, except H-1)........................ 86                   ELE to Camber (Except 1-AIL).................. 129
 T1-T4 Setting .................................................. 89        Camber FLP to ELE (2-AIL+l-FLP and up) 130
 Warning........................................................... 90      Butterfly (Giid only, normal wing 2-AIL and
 Telemetry......................................................... 91
 Telemetry:Rx-batt .......................................... 92               up, flying wing 2-AIL+lFLP and up) ...... 131
 Telemetry: Ext-volt ......................................... 93           Trim Mix (Giid only, 2-AIL and up) ........... 133
 Telemetry:temp............................................... 94           Airbrake (Air only, 2-AIL and up) ............. 135
 Telemetry: rpm ................................................ 95         Gyro (Air only, for GYA type gyro) ............ 137
 Telemetry:altitude .......................................... 96           V-tail .............................................................. 139
 Telemetry:vario .............................................. 97          Ailevator........................................................ 140
  Telemetry: battery........................................... 98          Winglet (Flying wing only) .......................... 141
  Telemetry:distance ......................................... 99            Motor ............................................................. 142
  Telemetry:speed............................................ 101            RUD to ELE (Air only) ................................ 144
  Sensor ............................................................ 102    Snap Roll (Air only) ..................................... 145
  Sensor:reload ................................................ 103
  Sensor:register.............................................. 103        ·Helicopter Functions .................................... 147
  Sensor:relocate ............................................. 104          Model Menu functions list........................... 147
  Sensor:set slot ............................................... 104        PIT Curve/Pit trim ....................................... 148
  Data Reset ..................................................... 105       THR Curve/Throttle hover trim/Throttle
                                                                               limiter ......................................................... 151
FUNCTIONS OF MODEL MENU ............... 106                                  THR Hold...................................................... 154
                                                                             Swash Mix ..................................................... 155
·Common Functions ...................................... 106                 THRMix ....................................................... 156
  Servo Monitor (Linkage Menu)                                               PIT to RUD (Revolution mix) ..................... 157
  Condition Select (Giid/Heli only) ................ 107                     Gyro (for GY type gyro) .............................. 158
  Dual Rate ...................................................... 109       Governor ....................................................... 161
  Program Mix..................................................111
  Fuel Mix (Air/Heli only) .............................. 113              APPENDIX...................................................... 164
                                                                             Timer ST1/ST2 ............................................. 164
· Airplane/Glider Functions ........................... 115                  Switch Setting Method ................................. 166
  Model Menu functions list ........................... 115
                                                                                               <Tab.le nf Content§> 3
                                                        INTRODUCTION

Thank you for purchasing a Futaba® FASSTest-2.4GHz* 14SG series digital proportional RIC system. This
system is extremely versatile and may be used by beginners and pros alike. In order for you to make the
best use of your system and to fly safely, please read this manual carefully. If you have any difficulties
while using your system, please consult the manual, our online Frequently Asked Questions (on the web
pages referenced below), your hobby dealer, or the Futaba Service Center.

                              *FASSTest: Futaba Advanced Spread Spectrum Technology extend system telemetry

Due to unforeseen changes in production procedures, the information contained in this manual is subject to
change without notice.

Support and Service: It is recommended to have your Futaba equipment serviced annually during your
hobby's "off season" to ensure safe operation.

                                                    IN NORTH AMERICA

Please feel free to contact the Futaba Service Center for assistance in operation, use and programming.
Please be sure to regularly visit the 14SG Frequently Asked Questions web site at www.futaba-rc.com/
faq/. This page includes extensive programming, use, set up and safety information on the 14SG radio
system and is updated regularly. Any technical updates and US manual corrections will be available on this
web page. If you do not :find the answers to your questions there, please see the end of our F.A.Q. area for
information on contacting us via email for the most rapid and convenient response.

Don't have Internet access? Internet access is available at no charge at most public libraries, schools, and
other public resources. We :find internet support to be a fabulous reference for many modelers as items can
be printed and saved for future reference, and can be accessed at any hour of the day, night, weekend or
holiday. If you do not wish to access the internet for information, however, don't worry. Our support teams
are available Monday through Friday 8-5 Central time to assist you.

    FOR SERVICE ONLY:                               FOR SUPPORT :
      Futaba Service Center     (PROGRAMMING AND USER QUESTIONS)

 3002 N. Apollo Drive, Suite 1   Please start here for answers to most questions:
      Champaign, IL 61822                       www.futaba-rc.com/faq/
      Phone: 217-398-0007                          Fax: 217-398-7721

www.futaba-rc.com/service.html              Phone: 217-398-8970 option 2
 Email: service@futaba-rc.com

                                               OUTSIDE NORTH AMERICA

Please contact your Futaba importer in your region of the world to assist you with any questions, problems
or service needs.
Please recognize that all information in this manual, and all support availability, is based upon the systems
sold in North America only. Products purchased elsewhere may vary. Always contact your region's support
center for assistance.

      4 <Introduction>
Application, Export, and Modification

1. This product may be used for model airplane or surface (boat, car, robot) use. It is not intended for use
in any application other than the control of models for hobby and recreational purposes. The product is
subject to regulations of the Ministry of Radio/Telecommunications and is restricted under Japanese law to
such purposes.

2. Exportation precautions:
(a) When this product is exported from the country of manufacture, its use is to be approved by the laws
governing the country of destination which govern devices that emit radio frequencies. If this product is
then re-exported to other countries, it may be subject to restrictions on such export. Prior approval of the
appropriate government authorities may be required. If you have purchased this product from an exporter
outside your country, and not the authorized Futaba distributor in your country, please contact the seller
immediately to determine if such export regulations have been met.

(b) Use of this product with other than models may be restricted by Export and Trade Control Regulations,
and an application for export approval must be submitted. This equipment must not be utilized to operate
equipment other than radio controlled models.

3. Modification, adjustment, and replacement of parts: Futaba is not responsible for unauthorized
modification, adjustment, and replacement of parts on this product. Any such changes may void the
warranty.

Compliance Information Statement (for U.S.A.)
This device, trade name Futaba Corporation ofAmerica, model number R7008SB, complies with part 15 of
the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired
operation.
The responsible party of this device compliance is:
Futaba Service Center
3002 N Apollo Drive Suite 1, Champaign, IL 61822 U.S.A.
TEL (217)398-8970 or E-mail: support@futaba-rc.com (Support)
TEL (217)398-0007 or E-mail: service@futaba-rc.com (Service)

                 The RBRC. SEAL on the nickel-cadmium battery contained in Futaba products indicates that
                 Futaba Corporation ofAmerica is voluntarily participating in an industry-wide program to collect
                 and recycle these batteries at the end of their useful lives, when taken out of service within the
                 United States. The RBRC. program provides a convenient alternative to placing used nickel-
                 cadmium batteries into the trash or municipal waste system, which is illegal in some areas.
 (for USA)
You may contact your local recycling center for information on where to return the spent battery. Please
call 1-800-8BATTERY for information on NiCd battery recycling in your area. Futaba Corporation of
America's involvement in this program is part of its commitment to protecting our environment and
conserving natural resources.

*RBRC is a trademark of the Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corporation.
Federal Communications Commission Interference Statement (for U.S.A.)

This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant
to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful
interference in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in
accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there
is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause
harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off
and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:

--Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
--Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
--Consult the dealer or your Futaba Serivce center for help.

CAUTION:
To assure continued FCC compliance:
Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the grantee of this device could void the user's
authority to operate the equipment.

Exposure to Radio Frequency Radiation
To comply with FCC RF exposure compliance requirements, a separation distance of at least 20cm must be
maintained between the antenna of this device and all persons.
This device must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.

 Meaning of Special Markings
 Pay special attention to safety where indicated by the following marks:
  &DANGER- Procedures which may lead to dangerous conditions and cause death/serious injury if not

     carried out properly.

 Lh WARNING- Procedures which may lead to a dangerous condition or cause death or serious injury

     to the user if not carried out properly, or procedures where the probability of superficial injury or
     physical damage is high.

 & CAUTION - Procedures where the possibility of serious injury to the user is small, but there is a

     danger of injury, or physical damage, if not carried out properly.

                                 ~=Prohibited 0= Mandatory

 Warning: Always keep electrical components away from small children.

                                                       FLYING SAFETY
  Lf).WARNING
 To ensure the safety of yourself and others, please observe the following precautions:

 0 Have regular maintenance performed. Although your 14SG protects the model memories with

     non-volatile EEPROM memory (which does not require periodic replacement) and not a battery, the
      transmitter still should have regular checkups for wear and tear. We recommend sending your system
      to the Futaba Service Center annually during your non-flying-season for a complete checkup and
      service.
NiMH/NiCd Battery

0 Charge the batteries! (See Charging the NiCd batteries, for details.) Always recharge the transmitter

    and receiver batteries before each flying session. A low battery will soon die potentially, causing loss
    of control and a crash. When you begin your flying session, reset your T14SG's built-in timer, and
    during the session pay attention to the duration of usage.

0 Stop flying long before your batteries become low on charge. Do not rely on your radio's low

   battery warning systems, intended only as a precaution, to tell you when to recharge. Always
   check your transmitter and receiver batteries prior to each flight.

Where to Fly

We recommend that you fly at a recognized model airplane flying field. You can find model clubs
and fields by asking your nearest hobby dealer, or in the US by contacting the Academy of Model
Aeronautics.

You can also contact the national Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA), which has more than 2,500
chartered clubs across the country. Through any one of them, instructor training programs and insured
newcomer training are available. Contact the AMA at the address or toll-free phone number below.

                   4·               Academy of Model Aeronautics
                                        5161 East Memorial Drive
              dA                             Muncie, IN 47302
                                           Tele. (800) 435-9262
              SINCE 1936                    Fax (765) 289-4248

                          or via the Internet at http:\\www.modelaircraft.org

0 Always pay particular attention to the flying field's rules, as well as the presence and location

   of spectators, the wind direction, and any obstacles on the field. Be very careful flying in areas near
   power lines, tall buildings, or communication facilities as there may be radio interference in their
   vicinity.
                               NiMH/NiCd Battery Safety and Handling instructions

  IMPORTANT!
  Use only the Futaba special charger included with this set or other chargers approved by Futaba to
  charge the NiMH batteries in the T14SG transmitter included with this set.

It is important to understand the operating characteristics of NiMH/NiCd batteries.Always read the
specifications printed on the label of your NiMH/NiCd battery and charger prior to use. Failure to follow
the proceeding precautions can quickly result in severe, permanent damage to the batteries and its
surroundings and possibly result in a FIRE!

IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS

~Do not attempt to disassemble NiMH/NiCd packs or cells.

~ Do not allow NiMH/NiCd cells to come in contact with moisture or water at any time.

0 Always provide adequate ventilation around NiMH!NiCd batteries during charge, discharge, while in

   use, and during storage.

~ Do not leave a NiMH/NiCd battery unattended at any time while being charged or discharged.

~ Do not attempt to charge NiMH/NiCd batteries with a charger that is NOT designed for NiMH/NiCd
    batteries, as permanent damage to the battery and charger could result.

0 Always charge NiMH/NiCd batteries in a fireproof location. Do not charge or discharge NiMH/NiCd

    batteries on carpet, a cluttered workbench, near paper, plastic, vinyl, leather or wood, or inside an Rl
    C model or full-sized automobile! Monitor the charge area with a smoke or fire alarm.

~Do not charge NiMH/NiCd batteries at currents greater than the "lC" rating of the battery ("C"
    equals the rated capacity of the battery).

~Do not allow NiMH/NiCd cells to overheat at any time! Cells which reach greater than 140 degrees
    Fahrenheit (60°C) should be placed in a fireproof location.

0 NiMH/NiCd cells will not charge fully when too cold or show full charge.
0 It is normal for the batteries to become warm during charging, but if the charger or battery becomes

    excessively hot disconnect the battery from the charger immediately!! Always inspect a battery which
    has previously overheated for potential damage, and do not re-use if you suspect it has been damaged
    manyway.

~ Do not use a NiMH!NiCd battery if you suspect physical damage has occurred to the pack. Carefully
    inspect the battery for even the smallest of dents, cracks, splits, punctures or damage to the wiring
    and connectors. DO NOT allow the battery's internal electrolyte to get into eyes or on skin-wash
    affected areas immediately if they come in contact with the electrolyte. If in doubt, place the battery
    in a fire-prooflocation for at least 30 minutes.

~ Do not store batteries near an open flame or heater.

~ Do not discharge NiMH/NiCd batteries at currents which exceed the discharge current rating of the
    battery.

0 Always store NiMH/NiCd cells/packs in a secure location away from children.

Secure Digital (SD) Memory Card Handling Instructions
             (SD card is not included with this set)

~ Never remove the SD card or turn off power          ~ Do not expose the SD card to dirt, moisture,
   while entering data.                                  water or fluids of any kind.

~Never store the SD card where it may be              0 Always hold the SD card by the edges during
    subject to strong static electricity or magnetic
    fields.                                               installation and removal.

~ Do not expose the SD card to direct sunlight,       0 Be certain to insert the SD card in the correct
    excessive humidity or corrosive environments.
                                                          direction.
    8
At the flying field

To prevent possible damage to your radio gear, tum the power switches on and off in the proper
sequence:

1. Pull throttle stick to idle position, or otherwise disarm your motor/engine.
2. Tum on the transmitter power and allow your transmitter to reach its home screen.
3. Confirm the proper model memory has been selected.
4. Tum on your receiver power.
5. Test all controls. If a servo operates abnormally, don't attempt to fly until you determine the cause of

   the problem.
   Test to ensure that the FailSafe settings are correct after adjusting them. Tum the transmitter off and
   confirm the proper surface/throttle movements. Tum the transmitter back on.
6. Start your engine.
7. Complete a full range check.
8. After flying, bring your throttle stick to idle position, engage any kill switches or otherwise disarm
   your motor/engine.
9. Tum off receiver power.
10. Tum off transmitter power.

If you do not turn on your system in this order, you may damage your servos or control surfaces,
flood your engine, or in the case of electric-powered or gasoline-powered models, the engine may
unexpectedly tum on and cause a severe injury.

0 While you are getting ready to fly, if you place your transmitter on the ground, be sure that the

    wind won't tip it over. If it is knocked over, the throttle stick may be accidentally moved, causing
    the engine to speed up. Also, damage to your transmitter may occur.

0 In order to maintain complete control of your aircraft it is important that it remains visible at all

    times. Flying behind large objects such as buildings, grain bins, etc. is not suggested. Doing so may
    result in the reduction of the quality of the radio frequency link to the model.
(9 Do not grasp the transmitter's antenna during flight. Doing so may degrade the quality of the
    radio frequency transmission.

0 As with all radio frequency transmissions, the strongest area of signal transmission is from the sides

    of the transmitter's antenna. As such, the antenna should not be pointed directly at the model. If your
    flying style creates this situation, easily move the antenna to correct this situation.
(9 Don't fly in the rain! Water or moisture may enter the transmitter through the antenna or stick
    openings and cause erratic operation or loss of control. If you must fly in wet weather during a
    contest, be sure to cover your transmitter with a plastic bag or waterproof barrier. Never fly if
    lightning is expected.

                                                                                         <Introduction> 9
Features

FASSTest system
   The Tl4SG transmitter has adopted the newly developed bidirectional communication system

"FASSTest".Data from the receiver can be checked in your transmitter. FASSTest is a maximum 14

channels (linear 12 channels + switch 2 channels) 2.4GHz dedicated system.

S.BUS2 system
    By using the S.BUS2 system multiple servos, gyros and telemetry sensors are easily installed with a

minimum amount of cables.
Model types

   Six swash types are available for helicopters. Six types of main wings and three types of tail wings are
available for airplanes and gliders. Functions and mixing functions necessary for each model type are set in
advance at the factory.

Data input
   Large graphic LCD and new type Touch Sensor substantially improve ease of setup.

Stick
   Improved feel, adjustable length and tension.

Ni-MH battery
   T14SG is operated by a 6.0 V/1,800 mAh Nickel-Metal Hydride battery.

SD card (Secure Digital memory card) (Not included)
   Model data can be saved to an SD card (SD:32MB-2GB SDHC:4GB-32GB). When Tl4SG transmitter

software files are released, the software can be updated by using an SD card update.

Edit button
   Two edit buttons are provided, and the operating screen can be immediately "Returned" to the HOME

screen during operation. Setting operation can be performed easily by combining this button with a touch
sensor.

Vibration function
   Selects a function that alerts the operator to various alarms and timers by vibrating the transmitter in

addition to sounding a buzzer.
Contents and Technical Specifications         (Specifications and ratings are subject to change without notice.)

Your 14SG includes the following components:

· T14SG transmitter for airplanes or helicopters
· R7008SB Receiver
· HT5F 1800B NiMH battery & Charger
· Li-Fe spacer for optional FT2F21 OOB/FT2F1700B LiFe battery pack.
· Switch harness
· Neck strap
*The set contents depend on the type of set.

Transmitter T14SG

(2-stick, 14-channel, FASSTest-2.40 system)
Transmitting frequency: 2.4GHz band
System: FASSTestl4CH, FASSTestl2CH, FASST MULT, FASST 7CH, S-FHSS, switchable
Power supply: 6.0V HT5Fl800B NiMH battery

Receiver R7008SB

(FASSTest-2.40 system, dual antenna diversity, S.BUS system)
Power requirement: 3.7V~7.4V battery or regulated output from ESC, etc. (*1)
Size: 0.98 x 1.86 x 0.56 in. (24.9 x 47.3 x 14.3 mm)
Weight: 0.38 oz. (10.9g)
(* 1) When using ESC's make sure that the regulated output capacity meets your usage application.

Note: The battery in the T14SG transmitter is not connected to the battery
connector at initial. Please connect the battery connector before use.
The following additional accessories are available from your dealer. Refer to a Futaba catalog
for more information:

o HT5Fl800B Transmitter battery pack- the (1800mAh) transmitter NiMH battery pack may be
  easily exchanged with a fresh one to provide enough capacity for extended flying sessions.

o FT2F2100B/FT2F1700B Transmitter LiFe battery pack can also be used by using an exclusive
  spacer. However, charge with the charger only for LiFe.

o Trainer cord - the optional training cord may be used to help a beginning pilot learn to fly easily
  by placing the instructor on a separate transmitter. Note that the Tl4SG transmitter may be
  connected to another Tl4SG system, as well as to any other models of Futaba transmitters. The
  Tl4SG transmitter uses one of the three cord plug types according to the transmitter connected.
  (Refer to the description at the TRAINER function instructions). The part number of this cord is:
  FUTM4405.

o Servos - there are various kinds of servos. Please choose from the servos of Futaba what suited
  the model and the purpose of using you. If you utilize a S.BUS system, you should choose a S.BUS
  servo. An analog servo cannot be used if "FASSTest12CH mode" is used.

o Telemetry sensor - please purchase an optional sensor, in order to utilize bidirectional
  communication system and to acquire the information from a model high up in the sky.
  [Temperature sensor: SBS-OlT] [Altitude sensor: SBS-OlA] [RPM sensor magnet type: SBS-
  OlRM][RPM sensor optical type: SBS-OlRO] [GPS sensor: SBS-OlG] [Voltage sensor: SBS-
  OlV]

o Neckstrap- a neckstrap may be connected to your Tl4SG system to make it easier to handle and
  improve your flying precision since your hands won't need to support the transmitter's weight.

o Y-hamesses, servo extensions, hub,etc - Genuine Futaba extensions and Y-hamesses, including
  a heavy-duty version with heavier wire, are available to aid in your larger model and other
  installations.

o Gyros - a variety of genuine Futaba gyros is available for your aircraft or helicopter needs.
o Governor - for helicopter use. Automatically adjusts throttle servo position to maintain a constant

  head speed regardless of blade pitch, load, weather, etc.
o Receivers - various models of Futaba receivers may be purchased for use in other models.

  (Receivers for FASSTest and FASST,S-FHSS types are available.)
o Optional Charger- Futaba CR-2000 NiMH/NiCd Transmitter/Receiver Battery Charger.

 12 <Before tise>
Transmitter controls                                       eAntenna  ,evolume(LD,RD)

                             eMonitor LED                   \'

 ·~'...'......... _ ' ' ' ' '' '                                                      eslide Lever(RS)
     '' '',

eslide Lever(LS)

    .............

eHOME/EXIT                                                                             , eu.MENU/MON.
    Button ......                                                                         (User Menu/
                                                                                          Servo Monitor)
_,tl  _.......   , ....                                                                      Button

                ~-                                                                              eDigital Trim
                                                                                                   (Tl,T2)
eDigital Trim
  (T3,T4)                                                                             ... .......

                                     'I                                                       ""esensorTouchTM
                                                                                                   (SYS,LNK,
                          ,I                                                                        MDL,RTN,Sl)
                         ,, I I
                         , eNeck Strap Attachment 1                  'eLCD

                                                  'I
                         ePower Switch
                                                           eBattery Cover
                         *It slides upwards and turns on.

                                                                                      <Before Use> 13
Transmitter's Antenna:                               ~Caution

   As with all radio frequency transmissions,        0 Please do not grasp the transmitter's
the strongest area of signal transmission is from
the sides of the transmitter's antenna. As such,         antenna during flight.
the antenna should not be pointed directly at the
model. If your flying style creates this situation,  Doing so may degrade the quality of the RF
easily move the antenna to correct this situation.       transmission to the model

·Rotating antenna                                    (S) Do not carry the transmitter by the

The antenna can be rotated 90 degrees and angled         antenna.
90 degrees. Forcing the antenna further than this
can damage it. The antenna is not removable.         There is the danger that the antenna wire will break
                                                         and operation will become impossible.

                                                     (S) Do not pull the antenna forcefully.

                                                     There is the danger that the antenna wire will break
                                                         and operation will become impossible.

    Low power

~·               If you have a transmitter           Monitor LED display
                 at an angle of a figure, an
               antenna will be good to use              The status of the transmitter is displayed by
                                                     LED at the bottom left and right sides of the
~' it, bending 90 degrees.                           "T14SG" logo.
   ' ' ',,......'
It is not good for there to 1;:-J'.,),               LED (Left)

be a model on flight in the                             Displays the "non-default condition" warning.
                                                     · Blinking
direction tip of an antenna.
                                                        Power switch is turned on when any
                                                        condition switch is activated (in the ON
                                                        state).

                                                     LED (Right)

                                                        Displays the state of radio frequency
                                                     transmission.
                                                     · Off

                                                        Radio waves are in the OFF state.
                                                     · On

                                                        Radio waves are being transmitted.
                                                     · Blinking

                                                        Range check mode.

14 <Before Use>
Switch (SA-SH)                                                  Slide Lever

(Switch Type)
   · SA : 3 positions; Alternate; Short lever
   · SB : 3 positions; Alternate; Long lever
   · SC : 3 positions; Alternate; Long lever
   · SD : 3 positions; Alternate; Short lever
   · SE : 3 positions; Alternate; Short lever
   · SF : 2 positions; Alternate; Long lever
   · SG : 3 positions; Alternate; Short lever
   · SH : 2 positions; Momentary; Long lever

   *You can choose switch and set the ON/OFF-direction in
     the setting screen of the mixing functions.

                                                                LS (Left), RS (right):

                                                                   The slide lever LS and RS offer analog input.

                                                                   *The Tl4SG transmitter beeps when the lever comes to the
                                                                    center.
                                                                   *You can select a slide lever and set the movement
                                                                    direction on the setting screen of mixing functions.

Digital Trim Tl, T2, T3 and T4:                                     ..~
   This transmitter is equipped with four (4)
                                                                HOME/EXIT: ~___,
digital trims. Each time you press a trim button,
the trim position moves one step. If you continue               Press                Return to the previous
pressing it, the trim position starts to move faster.                                           screen
In addition, when the trim position returns to
the center, the tone will change. You can always                Press and hold       Return to the Home
monitor trim positions by referencing the LCD                                                 screen
screen.
                                                                It pushes from HOME  To TELEMETRY display
   *You can select the trim step amount and the display unit             screen.
     on the home screen on the Tl-T4 setting screen within the
     linkage menu.                                              Push and hold for    Key lock On or Off
                                                                one (1) second from
   Note: The trim positions you have set will be stored in the
     non-volatile memory and will remain there.                     HOME screen.

Volume                                                          U.MENU/MON.:

Volume LD and RD:                                               Press           To SERVO MONITOR display
   The volume LD and RD knobs allow for
                                                                Press and hold       To User Menu display
analog input.

   *The Tl4SG transmitter beeps when the volume knob
     reaches the center position.

   *You can use each setting screen of the mixing functions to
     select volumes and define the direction of a movement.
