September 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12973
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2806

Mr. Chad Medford
Owner
Chad Medford Video Production
1111 Tiney Road
Ellenboro, NC 28040

Dear Mr. Medford:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated July 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Chad Medford Video Production (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography for real estate, construction, and utilities
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UASs proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 Vision+, DJI S900, and 3D
Robotics Solo.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Chad Medford Video Production is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Chad Medford Video Production is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Vision+, DJI S900, and the 3D Robotics Solo when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
        1

        Chad Medford Video Production

        1111 Tiney Rd                                             ,'
        Ellenboro, NC 28040
        828.429.5148                                         .':
                                                              ~
        chadandmyra@gmail.com

        July 29, 2015

        U.S. Department of Transportation            ..,

        Docket Management System

        1200 New Jersey Ave., SE                         .,
..(!)
OJ      Washington, D.C. 20590                           '·
CIJ
..·0.. ._., I

        RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14

        CFR 91.7(a};91.119(c); 91.407(a)(1);9])iQ9{a)(1) and {2); 91.417(a)&(b); C.F.R. 61.113(a(&(b); C.F.R.

        61.133 (a); C.F.R. 91.405 (a).               ..

        To whom it may concern,                .:·~

                                           · .·

        Enclosed please find an exemptic·r application filed on behalf of Chad Medford Video Production. (CMV)

        under Section 333 ofthe FAA Mociernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R Part 11 to allow

        commercial operations of unmanne-d aircraft for aerial photography and videography for the real estate,

c::     construction, and utilities Industries for commercial .use, so long as such operations are conducted within

.8
c::
CIJ     and under the conditions outlined lierein or as established by the FAA in an exemption granted under

~
 0      either Section 333 or Section

::!:

        It is the request of the petitioner for exemptions listed above in order to legally and safely operate the DJI

        Phantom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UAS and a 3D Robotics Solo in the National Airspace System.

        CEM is a leading production company in Western North Carolina with an extensive background in

ii: television production and videography. Ct:M proposes to use small, lightweight, UAVs and proprietary
lO      cloud-based software. 2
lO

.laO.-

N
1..0
0
      As discussed beiOW1 CEMs operatk,ns under the exemption will be subject to strict operating

      requirements and conditions to e~sure at least an. eq!~illaient level of safety to currently authorized

      operations using manned aircraft and under C<lndition.; as may be modified by the FAA <lS required by

      Section 333.

      It is the petitioners position that the oper<1tions for which exemption is requested are safer and more

      cost effective than using man'ned aircraft and for those reasons are in the Public Interest; and would be

      of benefit in identifying areas of operation that may need additional oversight as well as raising public

      awareness and interest in this rapidly browing facet of aviation.

      Because these small UASs will be used :n lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with

      fixed wing and rotary manned aircraft/ CEM respectfully submits that the FAA can have confidence that

                                                 the operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this

                                                 exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfil~ 333~c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements
N for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the n<Hional airspace system."

 Q)
 Ol

m
0..

                                  Section 333's Legal Standard

      Grant of this exemption application for use of the above named UAV's for purposes of obtaining and

      recording video will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate

      the introduction of UASs into the national airspace ·system «'NAS") if such integration can be

      accomplished safely. The statutory provision direc:tsthe Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
      certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS befor~ completion of the rulemaking required under Sections

      the Secretary of Transportation to consider whetn:er certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before

N completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In doing S01 the Secretary is
I"-
      required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or
(,()

N
N
      pose a threat to national security in light of the following;
~
c f!l The UAS's size/ weight speed1 and operational capability;
.8 3                      '
mc
El
0
:L

                    ~.

                    r/
                    ...t; 1 ' ·- .l'".,l';
                                    ~

.a.- '·l{)          ')I'      ~ -·

N

(,()

0

                          ·.
        rn Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

        Ill Operation of the UAS within visua! llne of sight of the operator

        If the Secretary determines that ~..:d1 vr~hicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the

        Secretary shall establish requirer :.~nt.s for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace

        system. (333 emphasis added)                         .

        The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the- 1uthor.w to issue exemptions. This statutory, by its

        terms, includes exempting civil ain:;·aft, as the term iS:.defined under 40101 of the Act, from the
        requirement that all civil aircraft rnu5-t have~ i!urr~nt airworthiness certificate and those regulation

        requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial service.

(Y) Reform Act 333(a)(1)                                  ·

Q)      Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications
OJ
"'o._ for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein

        require modification in order to allow ~pproval, to supply conditions for the.safe operation of the l,IASs.

        CEM requests to consult with the FAA staff to address any issues or concerns "that they believe may

        require such modification.

        .The Administrator may grant an exemption from·· a .'requirement of a re.gulation prescribed under

        . subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections "44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds

        the exemption is in the public interes-t.  -,, ·

        49 U.S.C 440701{f) See also 49 U.S.C44711(a); 49 u.s.c 44704; 14 C.F.R 9-1.203{aJ(1).

Nr-- The grant of the requested exemption is in the public· interest given the clear direction in Section 333 of
tD
N       the Reform Act; the additional authority In the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent
N
~ level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant public benefit arising from the

c use of new technology to provide services that are not practical or safe 4

.8

 c

"E'l

 0

:L:

.l{.-)

0
N
tO
0
      to provide using traditional aircran. Accord.ingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant
      the requested exemption without deiay.

      Aircraft and Equivalent of Level of Safety

      The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
      characteristics and that operate with the limitations and conditions listed herein. These limitations
      provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
      regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to operations
      that would be conducted with conventional aircraft. These conditions are drawn from Exemptions 11062
      through 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150 and 11153.

      Additional Issues

      Privacy- All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior

      c:onsent and knowledge. Operation>· will be where the owners have agreed to all CEM's activities to take

      pface. In addition, members of thoi.· 1-i'~!:-e·al public will be alerted to the operation of UASs at these

      locations.         . .,

      In filing this application, Chad Medford Video Production also requests that the FAA combine the grant of

      the Section 333 exemption with a starid-alope CeH;jfi!=~te of.Operation ("COA'') that will allow commercial

      operations of DJI Phantom 3 Vision plusUAS, DJI ~.900-UAS and a 3DRobotics Solo without filing for a COA for
      each flight. Compliance with the ccnditici1ns ag~eed ·hereil' and that may be imposed by the FAA, as set forth in

      ofprior Section 333 exemptions, provide the sepc.ration needed from other aircraft. Notice to airmen and notice

      to air traffic control can be provided by the "filing a NOTAM as set forth within the proposed conditions. 5

N
1"-
l.O
N
N

~

'+-

0

l.()

0

N

l.O
0
                 National Security

                 Grant of this exemption will not raise any natic~··.<'lf security concerns. Given the size, load carrying
                 capacity, speed at which they operate and the fact. that it carries no explosives or any other dangerous

                 materials, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UAS and a 3D Robotics Solo pose no threat to

                 national security.

                 Conclusion

                 Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012- size, weight, speed,

                 operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight

                 and national security- provide more .than adequate justification for the grant ofthe requested

                 exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicants UAVs for the purposes outlined herein and are

                 consistent with exemptions already granted, including Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109

lO through 11112, 11114, 11136, 11138, 11150 and 11153.

Q)               Given that CEM is willing to abide by conditions the FAA has required in issuing recent Section 333
OJ
"'o._ exemptions, the FAA has a strong basis for prompt consideration and grant of this request.

                 Please contact CEM if there are any other questions or concerns.

                 Best regards,

    Chad Medford

    owner

                                                                                      ..

                                                                                                                                                          t'\·_.-·

rN--

tO
N
N

(Y)

"c":'

.c8:

E"'l \

 0

::!:

4-

0

~

0

~

lO

l.....f.....l--

l..O...-

0
N

tO
0

s...,

    -----------                      - ~-~-----~-------
       Exemption Request and Equivalent level of Safety Showings under

       Applicable Rules Subject to, Exemption

       CEM request an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that may

       apply to the operations of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UAS and a 3DRobotics Solo.

       14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)(b); 61.133{a)~ Private Pilot Privileges and limitations; Pilot in

       Command; Commercial Pilot Pr~vileges and Limitations.

       Section 61.113(a)(b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional aircraft that

       carries a pilot, passengers and cargo, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS, DJI S900 UAS and 3DRobotics

       Solo are remotely controlled with no passenger.s or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a)

       requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be the.pilot in command of any aircraft for hire

       and/or compensation. CEM proposes that operator requ!rements should take into account the

Q) characteristics of these particular UAS's.

01     DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UAS and the 3DRobotics Solo have navigation and control
C'O
Q_

       systems capable of conducting pre-programmed missions. Flights are pre-programmed with precision

       GPS guidance and, although monitored by the PIC and Observer, do not require human intervention. The

       aircrafts also can operate in guided mode, where the aircraft will fly to a location designated by the

       operators. In the case of an unplanned event, operators can manually intervene and take one of the

       following actions:

       Ill Command the aircraft to return and land attne recovery location

       Ill Command the aircraft to conduct a return to the recovery area. where the pilot will assume control and

       land the aircraft                        ··· ., ·.,., ., ·

       111 Manually assume control of the aircraft via the hand controller and return the craft to the recovery area

.cs    in which the operator land its manually
       7
c
C'O
~
0
:::!:

                                                                                            ' ',J \ I. , .~. '".-: -·- -

. 'LO ~ ·.':.

0

N

(.0

0
     Additionally, the automated safety functions and safety enhancing features include the following:
     Ill Auto-pilot detection of lost GPS initiates GPS failsafe mode, in which the aircraft switches to manual

     control in an altitude hold mode.

     rn Low battery power on the aircran: ;~riggers the la,"ding sequence and then the craft will land at the

     current location

     rn If the aircraft detects a lost-link to the ground control station, it will return to the launch site and land.

     lZJ If the aircraft exceeds an altitude of 40Dtl AGL or.go~s more than 2 km from its launch point (except it it
     is in GPS failsafe mode), it will return to the la~mch point, automatically.

     Given these safety features, CEM purposes that operators of the UAS's should not be required to hold a

                                                 commercial pilot certification. Instead, operators should be required to hold only a private pilot

Q)

rron certification.

0..

                                              The risks associated with the operatioP of DJI Phantom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI S900 UAS and the

     3DRobotics Solo are so diminished from the.level of risk associated with commercial operations

     contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft that allowing operations of the UAS's as set forth

     above meets and/or exceeds the present leveJ.,-,f safety provided under 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)(b) and does

     not rise to the level of requiring a commercial piiq,t i:o operate the aircraft under 61.133(a).

     Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalem !·"i!e! of safety will be provided allowing operation

     of the DJI Phantom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UA3 and the 3DRobotics Solo with a private pilot's

     certificate, under the conditions set forth in the exemption re, quest. The FAA has, granted exemptions to

Nr- conduct similar operations in .Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136 and 11138.
(.0

N    8
N
~

                                                                                                                                                                                     .. :. :" :·~ c :-. :· ..:

                                                                                                                                                             ·.;i_f::~ {.·;;·· :-:.·:

..-1.(')

0
N

(.0

0
        14 C.F.R 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

        Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. As set forth herein, CEM will never

        operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. It will, however, be operated to avoid congested or populated areas

        that are depicted in yellow on VFR sectional charts. No flight will be taken without the permission of the

        w.mlandowner, all affected individuals be aware of and will have signed waives consenting to the flights.

        CEM will ensure that the aircraft will remain at least 500 feet away from non-participants unless they are

        protected from potential hazards by barriers or structures.

        14 C.F.R. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

        This regulation prohibits an in.dividual fro·m beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless

        (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of landing

        and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At

co night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

OJ      The batteries powering the OJI P~,.:11'otom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI S900 UAS and the 3DRobotics Solo provide
        approximately 15 minutes of po~:;.:red night. Witilout an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151, the UAS's
IrTo l

o._

        flights would not be permitted. Bfcau~c, of the limitations of the DJI Phantom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI S900

        UAS and a 3DRobotics Solo, a long~!- time fr;jme fQ'"J\;-!,hl:c ;n oayilght VFR conditions is reasonable. CEM

        would not initiate flight unless (ccn_~idP,dng ~i:-<.1 ~nJ forecast weather conditions) there is enough power

        to fly at normal cruising speed to -th~: intendid Iariding point and land the UAS's with 25% battery power

        remaining.

        CEM believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.15l{a} is safe and within the scope of prior

        exemptions. See exemption 10673. Operating the UAS without 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not

rN-- engender the type of risks that Sectioi'J91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size and speed at which
1.0     the UAS's operate. In the unlikely evem that the UAS's achieve a low battery 9
N
N                                                                                  ;·

~                   .1

                                                       ol 1 :\.

.lO--

0
N
1.0
0
       status it would simply land. Given the UAS's "Y<::-ight and construction materials, the risks are less than

       contemplated by the current regulation.
       Similar exemptions have been grantE!.d to other op~;i?~NS, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10808,

       10673 and Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 1110, 11112, 11109, 11138, 11136 and 11150.

       14 C.F.R. 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409{a)(2); 417(a)&(b}: Maintenance Inspections

       Section 91.405(a) requires that an airr;raft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as

       prescribed in subpart Eof this and shall between required inspections, expect as provided in paragraph

       (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43; Section 91.409{a}(2.) requires an

       annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or

       operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certified

       mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

0) Maintenance ofthe DJI Phantom 3 Vision Plus UAS, DJI 5900 UAS and the 3DRobotics Solo will be

(LJ accomplished by the owner/operator pursuant to the manuals attached as confidential exhibits. An
ccu:n
       equivalent level of safety will be achieved because UAS's are small and light will carry a small payload,
0...

       towill operate in restricted predetermined areas and is not a complex mechanical device. The operator will

       ensure that the UAS is in working order prior initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep

       a log of any maintenance that is performed; moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the

       aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent

       level of safety. The FAA has granted-exemptions for similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through

       11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, nu:... 11136 and 11138.10
                                                      ,_ ~,.

          .l "

c:
..8
       '
ccu:
~
0
2:

--L()

0
N

(.0

0
        Limitations and Conditions

        The limitations and conditions for which Chad Medford Video Production agrees to be bound when
        conducting commercial operations under an- FAA issued exemption include:
        1. Operations of the UA is limited to the aircraft described in the attached manuals which are miniature
        rotor aircraft.

        2. The UA may not be flown at an indlc.;ted airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

        3. The may be· operated an altitude of no mme than 400 feet above the ground level. All altitudes
        reported to Air Traffic Control (ATC) must be in ft::£;~ AGI.

        4. The UA must operate within visu~i line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot-in-command (PIC) at all time,s.

0

        5. All operations must utilize a visual observer. The visual observer (VO) may be used to satisfy the VlOS

(!)     requirements as long as the PIC always maintains VlOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to

OJ      communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or

cctJ..

        her designation for the duration of the flight, The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions

        prescribed in the operator's manuals.,. .

        6. The manuals must be amended to include all conditions and limitations required by the FAA. The
        manuals must be maintained and made available to the administrator upon request.

        7. The PIC must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a comlition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a

        condition that affects the safe operation of the UA, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the

        necessary maintenance has been perfor'med, and the UA is found to be in a condition for safe flight. All

        maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircrafts records.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     .··'

.ac 8. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight after the UAS has undergone maintenance or
c       alterations that affect the UAS's oper.ation, must make an entry in the UAS aircraft record.

ctJ

El      11

0
L:

                                                   ..

.1..-0

0
N

                                                                                                                                                                                                                ·1.

1.0
0
     9. The preflight inspection must acco~nt for all discrepancies not covered in the relevant preflight
     inspection sections of the operator',~ manuals.

     10. The operator must follow the :t:.w;dacturer's UA aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
     replacement, inspection and life :,mit requir~ments, with particular attention to flight critical components

     that may not be addressed in the mandacturer's manuals.

     11. The operator must carry out its mai~1t~nai1Ce, jnspections, and record keeping requirements in
     accordance with the manuals. Ma?nt·mimce, ic"'Spt:ction and alterations must be noted in the aircraft
     records, including total flight hours, d~cription of work accomplished, and the signature of the
     authorized technician returning the UAS to service.

                                            12. The authorized technicians must receive and document training referenced in the manuals.

Q)

cOoJ

0.. 13. Each UAS operated under the exem!Jtion must comply with all manufacturer system and safety

                                                 bulletins.

     14. Operator's maintenance personnel must f-f;ake a record entry in the UAS logbook or equivalent

     document of the corrective action taken againstl{i·i~aep~ncies discovered between inspections.·

     15. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificat~''and a third-class airman medical certificate.

     The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14C.F.R. 61.56 as to the UAS.

     16. The operator may not permit and-PIC to operate ~nless that PIC has demonstrated through

     Chad'straining and currency requirements that the PiC is able to safely operate the UA in a manner

     consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency

c: maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
.8
cco: 17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-determined
El
 0   location within or controlled-access property and land or be recovered in accordance with the manuals.

E    12

U")      ....

0
N

1.0 . tn?!,. ~.

0

                                                                                                                   i:·1 -\ -

         . U·
      18. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with
      the manuals.

      19. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
      condition) there is enough power to at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the
      UA with 25% batter power remaining.

      20. The operator will file a request for a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance,

      but not less than 48 hours prior to operation.

      21. All aircraft operated in accordat·~.:e with the exemption must be identified by serial number,

                                              registered in accordance with 14 '~-.FR. 9.art 47 and have identification (N-Number) markings in

N

      accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 4'\ Su.bpart c:Markings must be as large as practicable.

QJ

mOJ   22. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA
0...

      must comply with the Federal Communications Cql.mn~ssion ("FCC") or other appropriate government

      oversight agency requirements. ·.' . l · ' · , _: · ·:o- · ··.:..·

      23. The documents required under 14 C:f.R. '91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the ground
      control station of the UAS any time the aircraft'ls operating. These documents must be made available to
      the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

      24. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and activities at

N     all times (including, but not limited to, ':.Jtralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang
1"-
U)
      gliders, etc.).
N
N
~ 25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC f~~·i;·J._:~y ~oving-device or vehicle.
.cs
mc 26. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, o.~ defined in 14 C.F.R. l.l.AII operations must be
!!I
      conducted under vis_ual meteorological conditions r'VMC"). The UA may not be operated less than 500
0
2::
      feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles

      from the PIC.

                                                27. During operations in Class G airspace, the UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of geographic

                                                center of an airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of

                                                agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the
                                              13 ... ,

l.()

0

N

U)

0

                       ~-~~~-----
      operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM aJ !'!!quireo by the operator's COA. The letter of

      agreement with the airport management must be made a~ailable to the Administrator upon request.

      28. The UA may not be operated over congested or ~ensely populated areas unless the conditions set

      forth in #31 are satisfied. These poputated areas include~ but are not limited to, the yellow areas depicted

      on World Aeronautical Charts ("WAC'', Sectional Aeronautical Charts ("Sectionals"), or Terminal Area

      Charts ("TAC"}. However, it is the PIC's responsibility to'maintain safe altitudes required by 91.119.

      29. Operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons {persons other than
      the PIC orVO), vessels, vehicles and structures unless:

      111 Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from debris in the

      event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such

Q)    protection. If nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight

OcuJ
o._
      operations must cease immediately; and/or

      rn The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land owner/controller has

      granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
      object; and

      ~Operations near the PIC or VO ~? ~~~t present an undo hazard to the PIC or VO, per 91.119(a).

                                                      ~ > ~~ \
      30. All operations shall be conducted ove(private or controlled access property with permission from the

      land owner/controller or authoriz,,:d re;Jr~s.entatiye will be obt~fhed for each flight to be conducted. ·

      31. In the event COA's are require:t:1 an~' incid.eh~,. <icddent or flight operation that transgresses the lateral

      or vertical boundaries of the operdttonal are.:-· as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the

      FAA's UAS lntegration.Office ("AFS-80") withiri 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National
      Transportation Safety Board (NTSB") per instructions contained on the NTSB website: www.ntsb.gov.

      Thank you for your consideration,
      Chad Medford

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ~- J . . . .

.l.(-)-

0
N
1.0
0

                                         ,--  r---~  -----~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 --------~------  ---------
