September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12890
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015­2690

Mr. Charles Kennett
8625 Hickory Street, Apartment 1221
Frisco, TX 75034

Dear Mr. Kennett:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Yuneec Typhoon 500+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                           2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Charles Kennett is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Charles Kennett is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Yuneec Typhoon
         500+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
June 4, 2015
U. S. Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
Docket Management System
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Administrator,

I, Charles Kennett, herein referred to as (the petitioner), am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that the petitioner,
Charles Kennett, an owner and operator of a small unmanned aircraft system (sUAS), petition for
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations listed below and any regulation as required by the FAA
that is deemed necessary in order to conduct commercial sUAS operations as described.
The requested exemption would permit the petitioner to pursue, safe, professional, for profit services to
private and public entities within the State of Texas and adjoining states utilizing a small unmanned
aircraft system (sUAS) for aerial still and video data capture for, but not limited to the following purpose:

                        *Property Video Survey
                        *Residential/Commercial Roof inspections/Flare Stack inspections
                        *Crop Inspection
                        *Real Estate Marketing/Sales
                        *Photo/Videography of rural contracted outdoor recreational activities on private and public use lands
                        (Prior Permission and coordination Only)
                        *Fire Survey and Rural Search Assist to local public and private entities.
                        *Golf Course Marketing and Survey

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

Charles Kennett provides his clients with expertise and knowledge in advanced technologies and solutions to increase
efficiency, productivity and effectiveness. Charles Kennett has hundreds of hours flying experience. He has over 10 years
recreational/hobby experience in all aspects of aerial video and photography. In addition, the safe integration of the sUAS into
the national airspace without interference or hazard to manned aircraft is of utmost importance. The proposed
services are offered with the intent of enhancing the development and safe operation of unmanned aircraft
systems, realizing that current manned aircraft operations pose a much greater risk of personal injury and/or
death and extensive property damage. The use of sUAS could fulfill a service to consumers and small
entities that would otherwise not exist due to the risks and costs involved with manned aircraft.

The initial (sUAS) to be utilized during the operations is a consumer class helicopter, quad-rotor aircraft. It is manufactured by
Yuneec, Inc. and has the manufacturer's model designation Q500+ Typhoon. It is an advanced (sUAS) with state of the art safety
features, GPS lock, altitude, position hold stabilization, smart mode, angle mode follow me and return to home mode. The
ground station has telemetry with altitude, groundspeed, GPS location and battery life for both, the transmitter and aircraft as
well as an audible and vibration alert for aircraft low battery as well as LED visual alert indicators for low battery, GPS loss, and
communication loss. The sUAS has a first person view on the controller that is not to be used for flight by the PIC. The sUAS has
the ability to link with a smartphone or tablet for video link separate from the on 2 board display if needed. The sUAS has
separate radio frequencies for telemetry and video downlink and aircraft control. See the following manufacturer's
specifications.
TYPHOON Q500+                             210mm (8.3 in)
                                          420mm (16.5 in)
Height:                                   420mm (16.5 in)
Length (without rotor blades):            565mm (22.2 in)
Width (without rotor blades):             330mm (13.0 in)
Diameter (without rotor blades):          1130g (40.0 oz)
Propeller/Rotor Blade Diameter:           1700g (60.0 oz)
Weight (without battery and payload):     5400mAh 3S 11.1V LiPo (included)
Takeoff Weight (with battery and CGO2+):  DC 3S 11.1V LiPo balancing and AC adapter
Battery:                                  ST10+ 10-channel 2.4GHz with 5.8GHz video link (included)
Charger:                                  20-25 minutes
Transmitter:
Flight Time:                              115mm (4.5 in)
                                          75mm (2.9 in)
CGO2+ Camera                              135mm (1.4 in)
                                          185g (6.5 oz)
Height:                                   1080p 60, 50 or 48 fps
Width:                                    16 megapixels
Depth:                                    Up to 600m (1970 ft) depending on receiving device and
Weight:
Video Resolution:                         5.8GHz
Photo Resolution:                         Micro SD Class 10 up to 128GB
Transmission Distance/Range:
environment                               10
Transmission Band:                        2.4GHz
Storage (memory):                         Yuneec
                                          5.8GHz
ST10+ Personal Ground Station             Yes
                                          Yes
Number of Channels:                       5.5"
RC Band:                                  Yes
RC Modulation:
Video Downlink Band:
Telemetry/OSD:
SD Card Compatible:
LCD Screen Size:
Touchscreen:

sUAS are often seen as superior to manned helicopters due to the smaller size and lower costs, reduced noise
and as such, a much smaller environmental and safety impact.

The petitioner requests exemption to operate a Yuneec, Q500+ Typhoon equipped with a three-axis CGO2+
Gimbal and Camera, both products of Yuneec. This sUAS has a pre-programmed limit for the altitude
above ground level at 400 feet and a Geo fence while in Smart Mode with a distance limit of 300 feet from
the controller. These limits are preset at the factory and will be kept at those limits, which currently
comply with the AMA's and FAA requirement for Visual Line of Sight limitation and an AGL limitation.
The ground station is also programmed with a safety feature that disables motor start up if within Class B,
and C airspace boundaries. The Q500+ also has the failsafe-automated feature of return to home in the event
that communication is lost between the ground station and the aircraft.

The petitioner requests exemption from 14 CFR part 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges, Pilot in
Command Section (a). Although the petitioner is a current certified commercial pilot the petitioner may
elect to utilize certified private pilots with class III medicals to conduct operations with the sUAS. In the
Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private
pilot certificate operating the Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a
hazard to persons or property on the ground. The petitioner requests the same consideration and limitations
as previously granted.

Title 14 CFR part 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness. As no Airworthiness Certificate is available for
this sUAS the petitioner requests exemption under this part utilizing a preflight inspection and the
manufacturers documents for determining compliance of the sUAS airworthiness. The petitioner warrants
compliance to part 91.7(b) in that the operation will only be conducted after a thorough preflight and premission
planning inspection is completed, to include current and forecast weather, airspace, notams, area of
operations, and notice issued to non-participating persons in local proximity. The petitioner will utilize the
Yuneec, Q500+ Instruction manual, quick start guide and the petitioners own pre-flight checklist included in
the attached supplements to determine the sUAS airworthiness.

The petitioner requests exemption from 14 CFR part 91.119(c) Minimum Safe Altitudes.
The petitioner requests exemption from Section (c) with the following conditions and limitations. The
petitioner requests the exemption due to the scope of the operations to be performed and the requirement to
operate below 400 feet AGL. The Petitioners primary mission would be to record data or survey of
persons, property or structures as listed above. The sUAS size, weight, speed and limited operating times
and area, as well as the soft materials used in the construction of the sUAS, would provide an equivalent or
greater level of safety as intended under this part.

The Q500+ is a helicopter as defined by CFR Title 14, FAR Part 1, general definitions. The sUAS has a
vertical to near vertical descent in the event of a power failure. Fly-a-ways would be the greatest or most
dangerous risk to non-participating persons. The Q500+ has no documented (fly-away), while operated
under GPS lock within the parameters of the Q500+ operating instructions. The Q500+ is a very stable, low
rotor speed sUAS that maneuvers, under GPS lock, relatively slow compared to similar sized UAS. In an
emergency the sUAS would be quickly brought down per the loss of control procedure as described in the
emergency procedures checklist, adequate time to complete the procedure would exist due to the 0 to 15
mph operational groundspeed of the Q500+. The risk to persons 100 feet away would be at no greater risk
than persons located 500 feet away. The petitioner requests exemption from the 500-foot altitude
restriction and the 500-foot stand off restriction from persons, property or vessel applied to previous grants
of exemptions.
The exemption is requested with the following conditions and limitations in conducting the
petitioners operations--

                        a. The sUAS will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level.
                        b. The sUAS will not be operated at greater than a 400-foot slant distance from the PIC.
                        c. The sUAS will not be operated over any non-participating person.
                        d. The sUAS will not be operated over a non-participating property, structure or vessel without
                        prior permission from the property owner or legal representative.
                        e. The sUAS will maintain a minimum slant distance of 100 feet from any non-participating
                        person and will increase the distance proportionally by 50 ft. per 50 ft. of altitude. At no time
                        will the sUAS be operated closer than a 100-foot slant distance to a non-participating person
                        unless that person is behind a protective barrier or shielded from possible debris in the event
                        of a crash.
                        f. A minimum of 2 hour notice will be distributed to all residences or businesses of a scheduled
                        operation in an urban business or residential area within 500 feet of the operation, informing
                        of the time, location and safety hazards to persons or property, the notice will include a phone
                        number to voice objections or concerns.
                        g. Warning signs will be displayed on the perimeter of the safety zone to alert passers-by of the
                        hazard and warning to stay back and behind cover. If the safety zone is breeched, flight will
                        be immediately terminated.
                        h. The sUAS will be operated over public rural lands with the same stand off distance and
                        altitude restrictions afforded persons, property and vessels per e. above.

The petitioner requests exemption from 14 CFR Part 91.121, Altimeter settings. The UAS will not
have a typical barometric altimeter onboard the aircraft, the petitioner intends to operate the UA within
VLOS and at or below 400 feet AGL, combined with the petitioner's intention to limit the altitude of the
UAS through flight limit function on the UAS, has been previously ruled to be a sufficient method for
ensuring the UAS operations do not adversely affect safety. The altitude information will be generated by
GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft, and/or a static pressure sensor (barometer), which aids in
estimating the altitude.

The petitioner requests exemption from 14 CFR Part 91.151, Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the prescribed
minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar UAS-specific relief has
been granted an Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime, Visual Flight Rules (VFR)
conditions. The petitioner's UAS provides low battery warnings that indicate the PIC must command the
UA's return to the launch point when low battery capacity voltage is reached. The UAS also provides 2 and
3rd increased intensity critical low battery warnings through audio and vibration indicating that the UA
must be landed immediately, additionally a fail safe automatic landing will occur when the battery is at
absolute critical low voltage. The petitioner warrants that the sUAS will be landed immediately upon the
1st low battery alert or no longer than 18 minutes which ever occurs first. The petitioner will not initiate a
flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal
cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

The petitioner requests exemption from 14 CFR Subpart E (§§ 91.401-417),) Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(1) and (2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records. Currently the
manufacturers maintenance procedures govern preflight with no limits other than on-condition. The
petitioner will complete all authorized component replacements at the petitioner's base of operations or in
the field as required. The manufacturer or authorized repair center will complete any maintenance or
repairs that cannot be completed by the petitioner. The petitioner warrants that preflight, post flight and
maintenance procedures set forth in the petitioner's supplements attached should provide an acceptable
level of safety for the operations performed and is consistent with those of previous grants. In addition the
petitioner will comply with any and all manufacturers updates for UAS and Ground station as well as any
FAA directives and guidelines. An appropriate aircraft/maintenance logbook will be kept with the sUAS
ground station and base of operations as required, (See Supplement).

Sincerely,

Charles Kennett
8625 Hickory St. Apt 1221
Frisco, TX 75034
602-909-4438
