May 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11502
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0281

Mr. Charles A. Brisbane
Charles A. Brisbane, Inc.
10 Valley Road
Locust Valley, NY 11560

Dear Mr. Brisbane:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Charles A. Brisbane, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, cinematography, and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Charles A. Brisbane, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Charles A. Brisbane, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Charles A. Brisbane                                                 Jan. 26, 2015
Charles A. Brisbane, Inc.
10 Valley Road
Locust Valley, NY 11560-2603
Cell (516) 313 5919
Email: cb@chadbrisbane.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012
Attachments:
1) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual V1.6
2) Phantom 2 Vision Plus (Quick Start Guide)
3) Phantom pilot training guide V1.1
4) Flight Log

References:
1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140481

   in the matter of the petition of DOUGLAS TRUDEAU
2) FAA Exemption No. 11136, Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0508 in

   the matter of the petition of ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC
3) FAA Exemption No. 11080 Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140355

   in the matter of the petition of FLYING CAM INC

Dear Sir or Madam,
         In accordance with the FAA's Guidelines for Submitting a Petition for Exemption under

section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, I, Charles A. Brisbane, DBA as
Charles A. Brisbane, Inc., referred to hereafter as the petitioner, request exemption from the
following sections of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations§§:

         61.113(a)  61.113(b)  91.119(c)  91.121 91.151(a)  91.405(a)  91.407(a) (1) 
91.409(a)(1)  91.409(a) (2)  91.417(a) & (b)  in order to operate small unmanned aircraft
systems (UAS) commercially in the National Airspace System (NAS) regulated by the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) for the purposes of aerial photography, cinematography,
videography, and other flight operations that could be performed safely and more cost effectively
with the use of small UAS at low altitude within the U.S. NAS as compared to a manned aircraft.
Commercial operations will be performed only at the request of, and with the authorization and
permission of clients or their authorized agents in order to facilitate commerce and raise
awareness of the beneficial uses of small unmanned aircraft systems.

         Operations will be conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. The conditions identified and proposed by
the petitioner are drawn from references 1-3.
         The majority of this request for exemption will be based on prior Exemption No. 11138
issued to Mr. Douglas Trudeau, Realtor, issued by the Federal Aviation Administration on
January 6, 2015, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481. My request for exemption will
utilize the same make and model of UAS.

         The petitioner, Charles A. Brisbane, is an FAA certificated, Commercial Single and
Multi-Engine Instrument Airplane Pilot with approximately 450 hours. The Petitioner is also
a New York State licensed Real Estate Broker. The petitioner has 6 years' experience with
remotely operated VLOS Unmanned model aircraft both in single and multi-rotor UAS's
(Draganfly X6).

The FARs
         The petitioner seeks exemption from the above mentioned FARs for the following

reasons
61.113(a) & (b) 

         The petitioner requests relief in order to facilitate the utilization of an experienced UAS
operator with the addition of a trained observer. All pre-flight inspection, maintenance and flight
logs will be saved and made available to the FAA and Secretary of Transportation (SoT) for
review; with the purpose of safely integrating civil UAS operation in the National Airspace
System.
91.119(c)

         As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU), operations conducted closer
than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated closer than 500 feet to essential
persons, or objects that would not be possible without additional relief. The petitioner requests
modification, waiver or exemption and clarification concerning the terms "congested areas" and
"densely populated". The petitioner requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and
responsible operations in areas of subdivisions and neighborhoods if required.

         The petitioner will primarily operate the UAS between ground level and 200 feet AGL,
but never above 300 feet AGL. The UAS will be operated over designated properties with the
owner's consent and while maintaining a safe distance from persons. The petitioner will compile
flight data from the logs. This data may assist the FAA in development of regulations for
commercial operations in low-risk, controlled environments.
91.121

         As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU) is inapplicable since the
UAS does not have an altimeter and instead utilizes electronic GPS with a barometric sensor for
altitude information.
91.151(a)

         As discussed in Exemption 11136 (ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC) prior
relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the prescribed minimums,
including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar UAS specific relief has
been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime, VFR conditions. The UAS
provides battery power remaining in percent to the PIC. The UA batteries provide approximately
25 minutes of powered flight. Information provided in the operating documents discusses
procedures regarding remaining battery power management. Those documents contain a
condition in which the PIC will initiate a landing procedure when battery remaining reaches a
specified level. Given the limitations on proposed operations and the location of those proposed
operations, The FAA found that a reduced minimum power reserve for flight in daytime VFR
conditions was reasonable. No UAS operations will be conducted at night, as defined by Federal
Aviation Regulations.
91.405(a)  91.407(a) (1)  91.409 (a) (1) & (2)  91.417(a) & (b)

         As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU), the petitioner proposes to
inspect and ensure that the UAS is in a condition for safe flight in accordance with the operating
documents. The FAA found that adherence to the petitioner's operating documents and the
conditions and limitations specified, describing the requirements for maintenance, inspection,
and recordkeeping, were sufficient to ensure that safety would not be adversely affected.

The UAS
         The DJI Phantom 2 vision + is a highly successful consumer grade small rotorcraft in the

quad copter configuration with an advertised weight of less than 44 Ounces (1242g) designed
primarily to carry aloft a high definition camera. It has an advertised maximum speed of less
than 30 knots (15m/s) and a maximum climb rate of less than 1200 feet per minute (6 m/s). It is
powered by four electric motors with a distance between motors of less than 14 inches (350mm).
It utilizes an internal inertial measuring unit (IMU) with integrated barometric sensor augmented
with global positioning system (GPS) to maintain its geospatial orientation and position. It is
controlled primarily through an FCC certified radio control (RC) unit. Real time video and
telemetry information is transmitted back to a ground control station allowing the operator and/or
PIC to monitor battery level, GPS signal strength, altitude (AGL), distance from PIC, camera
imagery, and control camera angle. It has failsafe modes of operation for either loss of RC or
GPS signal. Altitude can be limited by the onboard flight controller and maximum altitude can
be preprogrammed by the PIC. Battery life limits flight times to approximately 25 minutes. The
onboard flight controller will warn the pilot via telemetry and external lighting cues before
reaching a low battery state. An automatic termination of flight and landing will be initiated
when the battery reaches a predetermined low state. It is anticipated that flights will usually last
less than 12 minutes. More information is available in attachment 1.

Risk mitigation
         The petitioner has reviewed FAA exemptions reference's 1-3 Conditions and Limitations

section and believes that the procedures specified therein are reasonable and will be utilized in
order to manage and mitigate risk and ensure public safety. A preflight checklist will be
developed and employed to ensure that the UA airworthiness will be verified before launch.
Airworthiness will be maintained by performance of routine inspections before each flight,
maintaining flight and maintenance logs to record time on failure prone components. These
documents will be made available to the FAA and SoT to assist in future implementation of
safety standards and regulations. The petitioner will only operate the UAS over designated
properties with the owner's consent. Flight plans will be predetermined to limit the UASs flight
time and limit safety concerns. The petitioner will take into account distance from persons and
potential flight obstacles prior to operating the UAS. UAS operation will always be within
VLOS of the PIC and the observer.
Public interest
         Use of the UAS in lieu of a manned aircraft would enhance safety and reduce the

environmental impact as compared to similar operations conducted with manned aircraft of
greater proportions, carrying a crew and flammable fuel. Additionally, use of the UAS in order to
facilitate commerce could lead to economic growth. Operations for this petition will enable
service for property owners or their designees seeking an enhanced perspective for
characteristics, amenities, and benefits of their desired photographic subjects that cannot be
displayed through ground level videography/photography. Aerial photography is a valuable
marketing tool that can lead to increased commerce and enhance personal photography. Aerial
surveying and inspections can increase work site efficiency, improve volumetric estimations and
reduce risks. The petitioner will provide clients with photographic data for these purposes on a
`for hire' basis acting as an independent contractor. A visual observer will be utilized. Flight data
including UA flight time, Control Unit operation time, incident, accident, and details concerning
any deviations from normal operations will be available to FAA for use in collecting data
regarding the use of UAS as part of this application. This data may be submitted to FAA via
traditional means or other means as required.

Conclusion
         The petitioner is requesting this exemption for the purposes of "aerial photography,

cinematography, videography, inspections and other flight operations". The reason for such a
general and broad based request is that the petitioner wishes to utilize a business strategy of
horizontal integration and maximize economies of scope in order to capitalize on opportunities
as they may arise in the future without the long turnaround time associated with additional
exemptions. The petitioner's business model is based on the idea of offering ad hoc small UAS
services to individuals or companies who wish to employ these services as a safe, effective, and
legal option to enhance their business or hobby. The petitioner has refrained from engaging in
commercial use of the UAS. The primary purpose of seeking this exemption is to obtain the
capability to offer those services while remaining in compliance. The petitioner has practiced
multi-rotor UAS video and photography as a hobbyist, beginning training December 2008 on the
Draganfly X6 at their facility in Saskatchewan, in the certain knowledge these operations will
benefit his clients one day.

Respectfully submitted,

Charles A. Brisbane, President

Charles A. Brisbane, Inc.
