                                          CORRECTED COPY

The FAA is reissuing the April 8, 2015, grant of exemption of Exemption No. 11292. A
correction was made to add the Altavian Nova R8400 aircraft to the Airworthiness
Certification section and to Conditions and Limitations #1. Below is the amended Exemption
No. 11292 that includes the aforementioned change. We made the correction in our records
as of May 7, 2015.

April 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11292
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0965

Mr. Mark G. Fischer
President and CEO
Cherokee UAS, LLC
168 Lewis Trail
Arabela, NM 88351

Dear Mr. Fischer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 15, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Cherokee UAS, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial surveys and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Altavian Nova F6500 Block III and Altavian
Nova R8400.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cherokee UAS, LLC is granted an exemption from
                                                                                                                 3

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cherokee UAS, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Altavian Nova
         F6500 Block III and Altavian Nova R8400 when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                          6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                     UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                                DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                             WASHINGTON, DC
                                Regulatory Docket No. _______________

                IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                          CHEROKEE UAS, LLC.

      FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                   TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
                  SECTIONS 91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) AND 21.185

         CONCERNING OPERATION OF AN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
OVER REMOTE, RURAL, AND UNPOPULATED REGIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW

          MEXICO AND PARTICULARLY OVER CERTAIN RURAL AREAS OF
        SOUTHEASTERN NEW MEXICO TO INCLUDE THE BUREAU OF LAND
MANAGEMENT PECOS DISTRICT AND A SMALL PORTION OF WEST CENTRAL

                    TEXAS KNOWN AS THE WESTERN PERMIAN BASIN
                                PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE

                     FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                                                                   Submitted on Nov 15, 2014
                                                                                   Mark G. Fischer
                                                                                   President, CEO
                                                                                   CHEROKEE UAS, LLC
                                                                                   168 Lewis Trail
                                                                                   Arabela, NM 88351
                                                                                   gwyranch@hotmail.com
                                                                                   575-740-7221
CHEROKEE UAS, LLC
 CHEROKEE UAS, LLC Petition which seeks exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) and 21.185. This exemption will permit

    CHEROKEE UAS, LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") over
  remote, rural, and unpopulated regions of the state of New Mexico and particularly
  over certain rural areas of southeastern New Mexico to include the Bureau of Land
  Management Pecos District and a small portion of west central Texas known as the

                                         western Permian Basin.
[Document subtitle]

Mark G. Fischer
Nov 15, 2014

                 1
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ..........................................................................................3
SUMMARY .................................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .........................................................4
BACKGROUND ..........................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ...............................................................................................................6
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER ...............................................................................7
THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH CHEROKEE UAS, LLC. SEEKS
EXEMPTION................................................................................................................................7
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CHEROKEE UAS, LLC SEEKS AND THE REASON
CHEROKEE UAS, LLC SEEKS THE RELIEF...........................................................................8
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CHEROKEE UAS, LLC'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN
THE PUBLIC INTEREST ...........................................................................................................10
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
AFFECT SAFETY........................................................................................................................12
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...........................32
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO
SUPPORT CHEROKEE UAS, LLC'S REQUEST.......................................................................32
CONCLUSION .............................................................................................................................33

                                                               2
                                   GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AGL Above Ground Level
ATC Air Traffic Control
COA Certificate of Authorization
FAA Federal Aviation Administration
FAR Federal Aviation Regulation
NAS National Airspace System
Section 333 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
SMS Safety Management System
UAS Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR Visual Flight Rules
VMC Visual Meteorological Conditions

                                                               3
                                                  SUMMARY

CHEROKEE UAS, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b),
91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) and 21.185. This exemption will permit CHEROKEE UAS, LLC
to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") over remote, rural, and unpopulated areas of
the State of New Mexico, and particularly over certain rural areas of southeastern New Mexico
to include the Bureau of Land Management Pecos District and a small portion of west central
Texas known as the western Permian Basin, while keeping the documents required by the
regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible to the Pilot In Command
(PIC). Furthermore, the exemption will relieve CHEROKEE UAS, LLC from the airworthiness
certificate standards and the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued for its UAS.
This exemption will also permit any required markings concerning the operational status of the
UAS to be displayed on the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

CHEROKEE UAS, LLC (hereinafter referred to as "CHEROKEE UAS" or "PETITIONER") is
a New Mexico-based, Native American / woman owned small business. CHEROKEE UAS
offers a range of tailored sUAS solutions for special aerial derived survey and inspection
data for public and private customers. CHEROKEE UAS Chief Executive Officer has a
history of providing sophisticated and challenging support for U.S. Special Operations
Forces; other U.S. Military units; other Government agencies and Federal, State and local
Law Enforcement agencies, including Special Weapons and Tactics units. CHEROKEE
UAS supporting personnel embody years of experience gained from Civilian Air and
Military Operations Communities.

CHEROKEE UAS Chief Executive Officer (CEO) has also performed duties as the agent for
access to the City of Roswell Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) Coalition Area of Operations.
With access to a state approved 3.5 million acre footprint UAS Area of Operations and the
experience to support UAS operations, CHEROKEE UAS is also well positioned to develop and
expand UAS commercial operations in New Mexico. CHEROKEE UAS has experience in
submitting multiple Certificates of Authorization (COA), Special Airworthiness Certificate -
Experimental Category (SAC-EC), and 333 Exemption Petition applications.

By teaming with coalition partners such as ENMU-ROSWELL, Bureau of Land Management
(BLM) and others, CHEROKEE UAS has the support of Southeastern New Mexico
communities, its leaders and businesses. A variety of public and private interests have requested
from CHEROKEE UAS, UAS derived survey data over very sparsely populated to unpopulated,
rural New Mexico and western Permian Basin. They include public agencies, such as Federal
(BLM and USDA/UPHIS) and State agencies, requesting compliance inspection services,
wildlife management support, wildfire fighting support, SAR and specific and occasional law
enforcement support services. Private pipeline and power transmission companies and
petroleum/gas producers are also asking for data in order to improve their maintenance
programs, environmental compliance, and installation security.

                                                               4
In general, all UAS Ops would be in class G airspace, 400 ft. AGL or lower, unless otherwise
specifically permitted by an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA), VFR, Daylight only. CHEROKEE UAS will be piloted by a FAA
Licensed Pilot in Command (PIC) with a qualified observer to perform sense and avoid
functions during UAS flight operations.
.

CHEROKEE UAS has recently acquired an Altavian Nova Block III Unmanned Aircraft System
(hereinafter referred to as the "Nova Block III UAS"). As set forth in this Petition, CHEROKEE
UAS seeks to operate its Nova Block III UAS for the special purpose of providing specific and
limited UAS derived survey and inspection data in support of public and private interests.
CHEROKEE UAS has established a commitment to and record of safe, ethical, and legal
practices which are organic to its UAS program.

                                               BACKGROUND
Unmanned Aircraft System: Altavian Nova Block III UAS.
CHEROKEE UAS seeks an exemption to operate an Altavian Nova Block III UAS, Serial No.
TBD, registration number TBD, for compensation or hire within the national airspace system
("NAS"). The Nova Block III UAS is comprised of an unmanned aircraft and a transportable
ground station. The Nova Block III UAS has a maximum gross weight of approximately fifteen
(15) pounds, while having a wingspan of 108 inches and a length of 65 inches. The Nova Block
III unmanned aircraft is equipped with a single propeller driven by a Lithium Polymer battery
powered electric motor.

Figure 1: The Nova Block III UAS without registration number displayed in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 45. CHEROKEE UAS has reserved a registration number, and will submit an Aircraft Registration Application

upon the grant of the exemptions sought by this Petition.

                                                               5
                Proven Operational History of the Nova Block III UAS in the NAS

The Nova Block III UAS is currently operating safely within the NAS pursuant to approximately
fourteen (14) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA") to the Middle Tennessee State University; Sinclair Community College
in Dayton, Ohio; the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Jacksonville District, for operations in
South Florida); Mississippi State University for the Pearl River Basin; and the University of
Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will be operating the Nova Block III UAS pursuant
to an additional five COAs in the foreseeable future, pending approval by the FAA.

                                           BASIS FOR PETITION

CHEROKEE UAS, LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14
C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules
for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator for an exemption
from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), as well as the
restricted category airworthiness certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185,
including the requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness as contemplated by 14 C.F.R.
Part 21.

In the alternative, and in accordance with Federal Aviation Regulation ("FAR") Section 21.16,
entitled Special Conditions (14 C.F.R. § 21.16), CHEROKEE UAS respectfully requests that the
Administrator prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Altavian Nova Block
III UAS that contain such safety standards as the Administrator finds necessary to establish a
level of safety equivalent to that established by the restricted category airworthiness certification
standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185.

In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, CHEROKEE UAS provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name and Address of the Petitioner.
CHEROKEE UAS, LLC
168 Lewis Trail
Arabela, New Mexico 88351

The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:
Mark G. Fischer
CHEROKEE UAS LLC
168 Lewis Trail
Arabela, New Mexico 88351
M: 575-740-7221
email: gwyranch@hotmail.com

                                                               6
B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption.

1. CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.9(b).
CHEROKEE UAS seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b). Section 91.9 entitled Civil
aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements, subsection (b) states the following:
(b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-- (1) For which an Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this chapter unless there is available in the
aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual provided for in §
121.141(b); and (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5
of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

2. CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.203(a) and
91.203(b).
CHEROKEE UAS seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b). Section 91.203
entitled Civil aircraft: Certifications required, subsections (a) and (b) state the following:
(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
the following:
(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used
to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the applicable
operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of the air
carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing that portion of the
operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c), or an authorization under § 91.611) must
have on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However,
the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special identification number before
10 days after that number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having
on it an assigned special identification number that has been affixed to an aircraft may only be
obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.
(2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in §
47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is displayed at
the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

3. CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 45.23(b).
CHEROKEE UAS seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b). Section 45.23 entitled
Display of marks; general, subsection (b), states the following:
(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally
certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

                                                               7
4. CHEROKEE UAS Requests Relief to Exempt the Nova Block III UAS from the
Restricted Category Airworthiness Certification Standards Specified In
14 C.F.R. §21.185.
In accordance with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, and 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, CHEROKEE UAS seeks to exempt the Nova Block III UAS
from the restricted category airworthiness certification specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, or the
requirement to have a certificate of airworthiness issued, as contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21.
Section 21.185 entitled Issue of airworthiness certificates for restricted category aircraft, states
the following, in part:
(a) Aircraft manufactured under a production certificate or type certificate. An applicant for the
original issue of a restricted category airworthiness certificate for an aircraft type certificated in
the restricted category, that was not previously type certificated in any other category, must
comply with the appropriate provisions of § 21.183.

C. The Extent of Relief CHEROKEE UAS Seeks And The Reason CHEROKEE UAS
Seeks The Relief.

1. Extent Of Relief CHEROKEE UAS Seeks And The Reason CHEROKEE UAS Seeks
Relief From Section 91.9(b).
Relief is requested because the Nova Block III UAS weighs approximately fifteen (15) pounds at
its maximum gross weight and cannot carry the approved Airplane Flight Manual onboard.
Furthermore, the Nova Block III UAS is unmanned, the aircrew member is located at a ground
control station. As such, CHEROKEE UAS proposes the following conditions and limitations to
its request for exemption from Section 91.9(b):
The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be kept at the ground control station, where it is
immediately available for reference by the aircrew member (pilot in command) of the Nova
Block III UAS any time the unmanned aircraft is operating.
The approved Airplane Flight Manual must be made available within 10 days to any FAA, U.S.
Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.

2. The Extent of Relief CHEROKEE UAS Seeks And The Reason CHEROKEE UAS Seeks
Relief From Section 91.203(a) and (b).
CHEROKEE UAS requests relief from the requirement of Section 91.203(a) (i.e., that an
appropriate and current airworthiness certificate and an effective U.S. registration certificate be
carried within the aircraft), and further, requests relief from the requirement of Section 91.203(b)
(i.e., that the airworthiness certificate be displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew). As the Nova Block III UAS is unmanned, it has no cabin, cockpit,
pilot station, or entrances thereto. Therefore, the aircrew member is located at a ground control
station and no passengers are carried at any time. As such, CHEROKEE UAS proposes the
following conditions and limitations to its request for exemption from Sections 91.203(a) and
(b):
The documents required by Sections 91.203(a) and (b) must be kept at the ground control station,
where it is immediately available to the aircrew member (pilot in command) of the Nova Block
III UAS any time the unmanned aircraft is operating.

                                                               8
The documents required by 91.203(a) and (b) must be made available within 10 days to any
FAA, U.S. Department of Defense, or law enforcement official upon request.

3. The Extent of Relief CHEROKEE UAS Seeks and the Reason CHEROKEE UAS Seeks
Relief from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b).
CHEROKEE UAS requests relief from the requirement of Section 45.23(b), if applicable, that
the word "Restricted" be displayed on the Nova Block III UAS near each entrance to the cabin,
cockpit, or pilot station. As the Nova Block III UAS is unmanned, it has no cabin, cockpit, pilot
station, or entrances thereto. Therefore, CHEROKEE UAS proposes that, if required, the word
"Restricted" be displayed in letters two (2) inches high, horizontally on both sides of the fuselage
between the leading edge of the wing and the nose section of the Nova Block III UAS.

4. The Extent of Relief CHEROKEE UAS Seeks and the Reason CHEROKEE UAS Seeks
Relief from 14 C.F.R. § 21.185.
CHEROKEE UAS seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements of the Federal
Aviation Regulations and proposes to commercially operate the Nova Block III UAS, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisition survey services
over certain sparsely populated rural areas of the State of New Mexico and a small portion of
west central Texas known as the western Permian Basin, pursuant to specific operating
limitations and a Safety Management System ("SMS"). CHEROKEE UAS seeks relief from the
airworthiness certificate requirements of 14 C.F.R.§ 21.185 to the extent that the Nova Block III
UAS, which has not yet been type certificated by the FAA, may be operated as if it were a
restricted category aircraft for a single, defined, special purpose operation (i.e., aerial surveying
and inspection).

Pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333 ("Section 333"),
CHEROKEE UAS seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements of the FAR
because operation of the Nova Block III UAS will not create a hazard to users of the NAS, or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Section 333 sets forth the requirements for
considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to
national security. Further, Section 333 provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification. Specifically, Section 333 states the following, in part:
(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under subsection
(a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual
line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose
a threat to national security; and
(2) Whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification
under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned
aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

                                                               9
As set forth below, numerous factors, including the proven safe operational history of the Nova
Block III UAS in the NAS, as well as the specific parameters of CHEROKEE UAS's intended
operation pursuant to this exemption, demonstrate that the Nova Block III UAS has in the past,
and will continue in the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to other
aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA may approve operation of the Nova
Block III UAS, without an airworthiness certificate, by setting forth specific operating
limitations to ensure a level of safety equivalent to what would be provided by airworthiness
certification.

D. The Reasons Why Granting CHEROKEE UAS's Request Would Be In The Public
Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As a Whole.
Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing CHEROKEE UAS to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisition surveys and inspections over
certain sparsely populated rural areas of the State of New Mexico and a small portion of west
central Texas also known as the BLM Pecos District and the western Permian Basin in support of
government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, and forestry, while also
furthering the development of the economy related to the oil and gas industries. Additionally, use
of the Nova Block III UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide
significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of the proposed operation of the Nova
Block III UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues as CHEROKEE UAS
flights will be restricted to sparsely populated rural areas in general and specifically restricted to
avoid the public.

1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Surveys And Inspections Performed.
CHEROKEE UAS submits this Petition to perform UAS derived aerial surveys and inspections
over certain sparsely populated rural areas of the State of New Mexico and a small portion of
west central Texas also known as the BLM Pecos District and the western Permian Basin. These
operations will be in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife
monitoring, forestry, and the oil, gas, and electrical power production and transmission
industries. The Nova Block III UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial
acquisition surveys and inspection operations to further each of these fields; all of which are
critical to the well-being of the general public. The specific operations that CHEROKEE UAS
will perform with the Nova Block III UAS demonstrate how the requested exemption will
directly benefit the above-referenced industries and the public. In agriculture, the aerial
acquisition performed by the Nova Block III UAS will be used to predict crop yields and prevent
crop destruction due to invasive species, i.e. feral swine. In the oil and gas industry, the Nova
Block III UAS will be used to aid in facility inspections, environmental compliance inspections /
surveying, planning new worksites, and performing right of way analysis. The Nova Block III
UAS will also further environmental management by surveying invasive species damage and
encroachment, mapping wildfire damage and reclamation efforts, and surveying point source
pollution. UAS derived Pipeline, Power Line, and Power Station Inspections can reveal
problematic conditions to repair agencies prior to potentially catastrophic failures occurring; thus
benefiting the Public in multiple ways.

                                                              10
2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
The Nova Block III UAS is a battery powered UAS that serves as a safe, efficient, and
economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By
reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption
allowing the use of a Nova Block III UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the
NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air
and on the ground. Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the
NAS, congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
Nova Block III UAS does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of
manned aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be
handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of
flight operations.

3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Nova Block III UAS.
Conducting UAS derived aerial surveys and inspections with the Nova Block III UAS, instead of
manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise
pollution generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and
an electric motor, the Nova Block III UAS produces no air pollution, and is a viable
environmentally conscious alternative to the internal combustion engine aircraft that are typically
utilized for aerial surveys and inspections. The Nova Block III UAS, while reducing the carbon
footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution as its battery powered electric
motor is barely audible during the take-off phase, and cannot be heard when operating more than
100 feet above ground level.
By using the Nova Block III UAS to perform UAS derived aerial surveys and inspections, the
substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with
traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely
eliminated. Aside from the lack of aircrew members located onboard the aircraft, the Nova Block
III UAS (weighing approximately fifteen (15) pounds at its maximum gross weight with a
wingspan of 108 inches and a length of 65 inches, with no fuel on board), has less physical
potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the
manned aircraft that typically conduct aerial surveys, i.e. Cessna 172 (weighing approximately
2,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 36 feet, a length of 27 feet, and a fuel capacity
of 56 gallons).

4. Performing Aerial Survey and Inspection Operations With The Nova Block III UAS Will
Benefit The Economy.
In addition to being safe and efficient, the Nova Block III UAS is also an economical alternative
to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial surveys and inspections. As such, operation of the
Nova Block III UAS will allow New Mexico based companies, like CHEROKEE UAS, to be
competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy, particularly in the economically
challenged southeastern New Mexico region. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel
and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded fuels,
U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to
remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Nova Block III UAS is one such technology
that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but
provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

                                                              11
By operating the Nova Block III UAS, companies such as CHEROKEE UAS can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial
performance through commercial use of the Nova Block III UAS, supports a stable workforce
that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
United States and abroad. Finally and most importantly, the commercial use of the Nova Block
III UAS, will provide public and private entities access to more frequent, higher resolution and
more cost effective aerial survey/inspections thus promoting safer and more efficient operations.

5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Like manned aerial survey and inspection flight operations that have been conducted for decades,
the proposed operation of the Nova Block III UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.
Specifically, the Nova Block III UAS will be operated only in sparsely populated rural areas, and
in accordance with all Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Most significantly, the Nova Block III UAS will not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, except when necessary
for takeoff or landing.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided
By The Rule From Which CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption.

1. Reasons Why an Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.9(b) Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.
This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 91.9(b) because
CHEROKEE UAS will keep the approved Airplane Flight Manual at the ground control station
where the pilot in command flying the Nova Block III UAS will have immediate access to the
document. Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.9(b) establish that
safety is not adversely affected when the approved Aircraft Flight Manual is kept at the ground
control station of a UAS, where it can be immediately accessed by the pilot in command. Section
91.9(b) "requires aircraft to carry the flight manual so the pilot would have ready access to the
aircraft limitations while in flight." Exemption No. 8607. However, the FAA has also found that
UAS will always be operated without any passengers or crew onboard, and that "requiring these
special-use aircraft [UAS] to carry superfluous paper documents may present a safety hazard to
the integrity of the [UAS]." Id.
The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9430, 9554, 9564, 9565,
10167, 10602, 10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

2. Reasons Why an Exemption from the Requirements of Section 91.203(a) and (b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.
This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Sections 91.203(a) and (b)
because CHEROKEE UAS will keep the required documents at the ground control station where
the pilot in command flying the Nova Block III UAS will have immediate access.

                                                              12
Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.203(a) and (b) establish that
safety is not adversely affected when the Airworthiness Certificate and U.S. registration
certificate are kept at the ground control station of the UAS, where it can be immediately
accessed by the pilot in command. Specifically, the FAA has held that the intent of Sections
91.203(a) and (b) is better served by having the required documents in the control of the UAS
operator, i.e. PIC, the reasoning is as follows:
The original intent of the subject regulation was to display the airworthiness and registration
documents so they would be easily available to FAA inspectors and passengers for inspection
and verification of the airworthiness and registration of the aircraft.

In this case, the aircraft will always be operated without any passengers or crew.
The missions for which UASs are intended will prevent the aircraft from being available for the
inspections normally prescribed for civil aircraft. Further, it will be operated on strictly confined
missions from a known departure and arrival point, under the constant control of a PIC and a
dedicated, observer. Also, requiring these special-use aircraft to carry superfluous paper
documents may present a safety hazard to the integrity of the [UAS]. FAA operating limitations
and special arrangements with Air Traffic Control (ATC) for surveillance of [UAS] flights
adequately compensate for the requirements for carrying airworthiness and registration
documents. We find the intent of the regulation is better served by having the required
documents in the control of the PIC and available for inspection under the special conditions
prescribed in this exemption.
The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9564, 9565, 10167, 10602,
10673, 10835, 10869, 10968).

3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.
This exemption would maintain the level of safety established by Section 45.23(b) because if
required, displaying the word "Restricted" with two (2) inch high letters, horizontally on both
sides of the fuselage between the leading edge of the wing and the nose section of the Nova
Block III UAS, will inform all parties of the unmanned aircraft's overall operating status.
Significantly, CHEROKEE UAS will display the word "Restricted" in two (2) inch high letters
in compliance with size requirement of Section 45.23(b) (i.e., "letters not less than 2 inches nor
more than 6 inches high"). By placing the letters horizontally on both sides of the fuselage
between the leading edge of the wing and the nose section of the Nova Block III UAS, will
ensure that the word "Restricted" is the in most visible location, so that all parties will be
informed of the unmanned aircraft's overall operating status. See Figure 1, page 5.
The FAA has previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g., Exemption Nos. 8737, 10167, 10167A, 10700, 10810).

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including
The Requirement To Have A Certificate Of Airworthiness, Would Not Adversely Affect
Safety.
In seeking this exemption, CHEROKEE UAS submits that the Nova Block III UAS can operate
safely in the NAS over certain sparsely populated rural areas of the State of New Mexico and a
small portion of west central Texas also known as BLM Pecos District and the western Permian

                                                              13
Basin without creating a hazard to other aircraft or people on the ground. Accordingly, the FAA
may approve its use without an airworthiness certificate as demonstrated by: (i) the safe
operational history and current use of the Nova Block III UAS in the NAS; (ii) the characteristics
of the Nova Block III UAS; (iii) the limited area of CHEROKEE UAS's intended operation; (iv)
the Safety Management System CHEROKEE UAS has developed for Nova Block III UAS
operations and maintenance; (v) the FAA licensed pilot requirement; (vi) the observer
requirement; (vii) the specific operating limitations; and (viii) any other conditions that the
Administrator may prescribe.

i. The Nova Block III UAS Has A Proven History Of Operation In The NAS Pursuant To A
Certificate Of Authorization ("COA").
The Nova Block III UAS is currently operating safely in the NAS pursuant to approximately
fourteen (14) Certificates of Authorization ("COA") granted by the FAA to the Middle
Tennessee State University; Sinclair Community College in New Mexico; the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers (Jacksonville District, for operations in South Florida); Mississippi State University
for the Pearl River Basin; and the University of Florida. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers will
be operating the Nova Block III UAS pursuant to an additional five COAs in the foreseeable
future, pending approval by the FAA.

ii. The Specifications of The Nova Block III UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

The Nova Block III UAS does not create a The Nova Block III is an Unmanned Aircraft
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, System that is comprised of a small, lightweight
or otherwise pose a threat to national        unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground
security considering its size, weight, speed, station.
or operational capability. The
specifications of the Nova Block III UAS are
as follows: Unmanned Aircraft System

Serial No.                                    TBD

Unmanned Aircraft Dimensions                  Wingspan: 108 in.
                                              Length: 65 in.

Engine                                        Engine (Propulsive Unit)
(Propulsive Unit)                             (1) Altavian LLC.. P/N : 30027 (Electric)
                                              FAA Engine Type Cert: None
                                              Propulsive Unit Type: 25V, 11 Amp Hour

                                              capacity, Lithium ion battery powered, direct
                                              drive electric motor

                                              14
Motor, Electric Sub-Assembly: Manufacturer: NeuMotor
Model: 1509 2.0 HP Peak Power Direct Drive 10 oz. Wt.
Motor, Controller Sub-Assembly: Manufacturer: Castle Creation
Model: Phoenix Ice 100 Type: Speed Controller 100 Amps Maximum 4.6 oz. Wt.
Motor, Battery: Manufacturer: MaxAmps, LLC..
Type: Lithium Ion 11 Amp hour 22.2V (nominal)

Fuel                                   Not Applicable.
Engine (Propulsive Unit) Limits        NOTE: The Nova Block III UAS is powered by a
                                       Lithium Polymer rechargeable battery, Altavian
Propeller and                          P/N 30142.
Propeller Limits                       Maximum Power Output: 2.0 HP
                                       Maximum RPM: 60,000 RPM (reduced to a
                                       propeller RPM of 7,200)
                                       Maximum Motor Temperature: 170 °F (77 °C)
                                       NOTE: The motor temperature is not displayed
                                       to the operator.
                                       Maximum motor, controller sub-assembly
                                       temperature: 194 °F (90 °C)
                                       Minimum voltage, motor battery during pre-
                                       flight engine run up after 3 sec. at max throttle:
                                       22.6V

                                       (1) Altavian LLC.. P/N 30360
                                       FAA Propeller Type Certificate: None
                                       Propeller Type: 2-blade, hinged (folding), carbon
                                       fiber reinforced plastic, fixed pitch, tractor

Propeller Sub-Assembly Manufacturer: Aeronaut

Model: CAM 15x13
Diameter (Nominal): 15 in.

Battery Command & Control        Nova Air Vehicle Battery P/N 30142 powers the motor,
                                 and battery command and control.

Airspeed Limits                  Vne (Never Exceed Speed) 58 knot (30 m/s)
                                 Vno (Maximum Structural Cruising Speed) 48 knots (25
                                 m/s)
                                 Va (Maneuvering Speed) 48 knots (25 m/s)
                                 Landing Speed: 27 knots (14 m/s)

Empty Weight C.G. Range                20.2 ­ 21.7 inches aft of datum

                                       15
Datum                         Front of Motor Case
Mean Aerodynamic Chord (MAC)  13 in. long with leading edge 21.2 in. from nose
Leveling Means                Not Applicable.
Maximum Weights               Ramp 15 lbs.
                              Takeoff 15 lbs.
Empty Weight                  Landing 15 lbs.
                              8.35 lbs.

NOTE: Empty Weight Excludes weight of battery and payload modules.

Frequencies                   902-928 MHz (ISM Band)
                              2.4 GHz (ISM Band)
Computer Software             NOTE: FCC license is not required to utilize
Minimum Crew                  the above frequencies; uplink and downlink
Number of Seats               are on the 900Mhz band. If video is utilized,
Fuel Capacity                 uplink, downlink, and video are all on 2.4
Oil Capacity                  Ghz.
Max. Operating Altitude       Avionics embedded processor, P/N 30138
Control Surface Movements     (1) The Nova Block III UAS can be operated
                              by a single operator.
Nominal Endurance             (0) Not Applicable.
                              Not Applicable.
                              Not Applicable.
                              1,000 ft. AGL (304 M)
                              Wing Flaps N/A
                              Aileron Up 30° Down 30°
                              "V" tail elevator action Up 60° Down 60°
                              "V" tail rudder action Up 60° Down 60°
                              "V" tail max. combination
                              Rudder elevator action Up 60° Down 60°
                              90 minutes above 32 °F (0 °C)
                              45 minutes below 32 °F (0 °C)

Ambient Outside Air           Maximum OAT: 120 °F (49 °C)
Temperature (OAT)             Minimum OAT At Altitude: -20 °F (-29 °C)
Wind Limitation               19 knots
Maintenance                   This Nova Block III UAS must be maintained in
                              accordance with the Altavian Nova Maintenance
                              Operation Manual, or later FAA accepted
                              revision.

The Specifications of the Nova Block III UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics

                              16
iii. Flight Operations Pursuant to the Exemptions sought would be limited to sparsely
populated rural areas of New Mexico and west central Texas, to include the BLM Pecos
District and the Permian Basin. Furthermore, Flight Operations Pursuant to the
Exemptions sought would specifically avoid proximity to Airports or populated areas.
Populated areas and airports within the confines of these areas will be strictly avoided and
not overflown. Individual filed NOTAMs will not exceed 10 x 10 miles.
14 C.F.R. § 91.119 restrictions
1. Not to be operated over populated areas as depicted on VFR Sectional Aeronautical Charts
and visual observation;
2. Not to be operated within five (5) miles of any airport or helipad;
3. Not to be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
Furthermore, all flight operations will be conducted in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119,
Minimum safe altitudes: General.
CHEROKEE UAS submits that the vast majority of New Mexico, particularly
Southeastern New Mexico and west central Texas, otherwise known as the BLM Pecos
District and the Permian Basin would qualify as rural sparsely populated areas over which
CHEROKEE UAS could perform UAS derived, aerial survey and inspection flight
operations pursuant to the requested exemption.
A Google map depicting the proposed area for flight operations over southeastern New Mexico
and west central Texas, otherwise known as the BLM Pecos District and the Permian Basin,
which are not in the proximity of Airports or populated areas is Figure 1.

                                                              17
Figure 1: Area outlined in Green represents proposed area of operations for Nova Block III
UAS aerial survey and inspection operations over the BLM Pecos District in southeastern New
Mexico and the western Permian Basin of west central Texas.

     Note: Red Outlined Areas representing major exclusion or "No Fly Zones", these are for
                           illustration and do not represent all "No Fly Zones".

Current VFR Sectional Charts will be used to avoid Airports by 5 NM. as well as roads and
population zones. Since all proposed flights will be VFR/Daylight only, the PIC and
observer will ensure positive avoidance of these areas.

                                                              18
Figure 2: Areas in Red or filled in Orange are exclusion or "no fly zones" for Nova Block
III UAS aerial survey and inspection operations conducted by CHEROKEE UAS. The
VFR Sectional depicted below is an example of one way how VFR Sectional Charts will be
used.

Buffer or exclusion zones for flight operations will also be implemented around state roads.
Buffers of one hundred (100) meters around state roads with more than two lanes, and fifty

           (50) meters around state roads with two lanes or less will be implemented.
A Google map depicting a proposed area for flight operations over western New Mexico and not
in the proximity of Airports or populated areas is Figure 3.

                                                              19
Figure 3: Area outlined in Red represents a typical area of operations for Nova Block III UAS aerial
survey and inspection operations over very remote and sparsely populated areas of New Mexico.

       Note: Due to its remote nature, there are no exclusion or "No Fly Zones" in this area.
Exhibits to this Petition are proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b),
are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                              20
In summary, CHEROKEE UAS seeks to operate its Nova Block III UAS only over rural
sparsely populated areas of New Mexico and west central Texas, to include the BLM Pecos
District and the western Permian Basin, which are not in the proximity of Airports or
populated areas, while maintaining safe distances from any populated areas, airports,
helipads, or roadways.

iv. Operation Of The Nova Block III UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To A Safety
Management System.
A Safety Management System ("SMS") will control CHEROKEE UAS's operation of the Nova
Block III UAS and will significantly contribute to maintaining the level of safety contemplated
by the airworthiness certificate requirements from which CHEROKEE UAS now seeks relief.
Pursuant to the SMS and 14 C.F.R. § 43.13, entitled Performance Rules (general), each person
performing maintenance, alteration, or preventive maintenance on the Nova Block III UAS,
motor, propeller, or appliance shall use the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
current F6500 Maintenance Manual. The Nova Block III UAS SMS consists of rigidly following
the guidelines and instructions found in the Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual, the
F6500 Maintenance Manual, the manufacture's Field Guide as well as strict adherence to all
FAA rules and regulations applicable to this sUAS and the COAs associated with it and other
Instructions for Continued Airworthiness deemed acceptable to the Administrator. Each person
shall use the tools, equipment, and test apparatus necessary to assure completion of the work in
accordance with accepted industry practices. A copy of these SMS documents, which are
proprietary information, are attached hereto as Exhibit A, and are to be held in a separate file
pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b). Exhibits to this Petition are proprietary information, and in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management
System (FDMS).

v. Flight Operations Of The Nova Block III UAS Are Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A
FAA PPL, Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.
CHEROKEE UAS will only utilize FAA Licensed Private Pilots with no less than a valid 2nd
Class Airman Medical Certificate to act as pilot in command of the Nova Block III UAS.
Additionally, all pilots will be assisted by a safety observer possessing a programmable, multi-
Channel VHF Radio for Aeronautical Operations, with relevant ATC and emergency channels
available, as indicated in current VFR Sectional Aeronautical Charts. The pilot in command and
safety observer must meet the requirements as set forth by the SMS and Standard Operating
Procedures adopted by CHEROKEE UAS for flight operations of the Nova Block III UAS.
Currency status will mirror FAA PPL standards and Duty Time Restrictions for UAS crew are
no more than 12hrs/24 hrs. A copy of the Standard Operating Procedures, which is proprietary
information, is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14
C.F.R. § 11.35(b).4

vi. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.
In seeking this exemption, CHEROKEE UAS proposes to commercially operate the Nova Block
III UAS without satisfying the restricted category airworthiness certification process specified in
14 C.F.R. § 21.185, or otherwise having a certificate of airworthiness issued by the FAA, as

                                                              21
contemplated by 14 C.F.R. Part 21. CHEROKEE UAS proposes to operate the Nova Block III
UAS, for the special purpose of conducting UAS derived surveys and inspections over sparsely
populated rural areas of New Mexico and west central Texas pursuant to the following specific
operating limitations:

                         Nova Block III UAS Specific Operating Limitations

1. Flight operations are permitted only in the defined, limited areas over rural New Mexico and
    west central Texas, otherwise known as the western Permian Basin.

2. Flight operations are permitted when no other aircraft present a possible risk of intrusion in
    the UAS operations area; safety of flight for manned aircraft always takes precedence.

3. The Nova Block III UAS will be operated at or below 400 ft. above ground level (AGL),
    except as necessary to comply with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 or as specifically
    permitted in an ATC issued COA.

4. The Nova Block III UAS shall be operated within one mile, and always within line of sight,
    of the pilot in command and safety observer.

5. The PIC and safety observer will have immediately available to them, a functioning
    programmable multi-Channel VHF Radio for Aeronautical Operations, with relevant ATC
    and emergency channels available.

6. The Nova Block III UAS shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in
    visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Nova Block III UAS shall be operated only
    during daylight hours (i.e. between the beginning of morning civil twilight and the end of
    evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to local time).

7. The duration of each flight shall not exceed 1.5 hours.

8. The Nova Block III UAS shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations directly next to
    the pilot in command and co-located safety observer.

9. Operations shall be conducted by PPL certificated airmen who have completed specialized
    type training, checking, currency, and recency of experience requirements as approved by the
    FAA Administrator.

10. Operation of the Nova Block III UAS with any inoperative instruments or equipment shall be
    prohibited.

11. The Nova Block III UAS shall be maintained in accordance with the Manufacturer's
    Maintenance Manual.

12. The Nova Block III UAS shall be operated pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 91, operating
    requirements.

                                                              22
13. For the proposed flight operation, only one Nova Block III UAS shall be airborne at any
    given time.

14. Prior to flight operations, CHEROKEE UAS PIC shall coordinate and establish two way
    communications with the nearest Air Traffic Control facility and report completion of flight
    operations to same.

15. For any flight operations over U.S. Government or state managed lands, CHEROKEE UAS
    shall coordinate with the appropriate authority and ensure that the property owners have at
    least twelve (12) hours of advance notice prior to the proposed flight operations.
    Coordination shall include anticipated periods of operation, purpose of the flights, and
    contact information for the operator should questions or issues arise.

vii. Any Other Conditions The FAA May Prescribe For Safe Operation.
In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, CHEROKEE UAS requests that the FAA prescribe special
conditions for the intended operation of the Nova Block III UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe operation of the Nova Block III UAS
for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over the State of New Mexico and west
Texas. Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in
accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the
aircraft systems in the NAS. Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions
pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, for operation of the Nova Block III UAS, since the airworthiness
regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to
the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions,
states the following:
If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain adequate
or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel
or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special
conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued in
accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft,
aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent
to that established in the regulations.

                                             See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16

Therefore, in accordance with Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may prescribe special
conditions for CHEROKEE UAS's intended operation of the Nova Block III UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by Section 21.185, and which will permit safe operation of the
Nova Block III UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial survey and inspection
acquisitions over rural and sparsely populated New Mexico and west central Texas, including

                                                              23
the BLM Pecos District and the Permian Basin, which are not in the proximity of Airports or
populated areas.

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:
The Rules From Which CHEROKEE UAS Seeks Exemption:
CHEROKEE UAS, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b),
91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b) and 21.185.
A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption CHEROKEE UAS Seeks:
This exemption will permit CHEROKEE UAS, LLC to operate a small Unmanned Aircraft
System conducting UAS derived surveys and inspections over limited, sparsely populated rural
areas of New Mexico and west central Texas, to include the BLM Pecos District and the western
Permian Basin, while keeping the documents required by the regulations at the ground control
station and immediately accessible to the pilot in command. Furthermore, the exemption will
relieve CHEROKEE UAS, LLC from the airworthiness certificate standards and the requirement
to have a certificate of airworthiness for its Unmanned Aircraft System. This exemption will also
permit any required markings concerning the operational status of the UAS to be displayed on
the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft. Populated areas and airports within the confines of
these areas will be strictly avoided and not over flown.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support The
CHEROKEE UAS LLC Request.
This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333,
which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in
the NAS. As such, CHEROKEE UAS LLC's request for exemption may be granted pursuant to
the authority of Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above. Sec. 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public or pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to
operate without airworthiness certification. Section 333 states the following:
(a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before
completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance
required by section 334 of this Act.
(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under subsection
(a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual
line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose
a threat to national security; and

                                                              24
(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification
under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned
aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).
(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary
shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system. As discussed in detail above, the Nova Block III UAS has in the past, and will
continue in the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the
NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

CONCLUSION
As set forth above, CHEROKEE UAS seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, which will permit safe
operation of the Nova Block III UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the
special purpose of conducting aerial survey and inspection acquisitions over certain, limited,
sparsely populated rural areas of New Mexico and west central Texas, to include the BLM Pecos
District and the western Permian Basin. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be
fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while
also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing CHEROKEE UAS LLC to safely,
efficiently, and economically operate the Nova Block III UAS commercially within the NAS.

Exhibits to this Petition are proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b),
are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, CHEROKEE UAS respectfully requests
that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
91.9(b), 91.203(a), 91.203(b), 45.23(b), as well as the restricted category airworthiness
certification standards specified in 14 C.F.R. § 21.185, including the requirement to have a
certificate of airworthiness issued for the Nova Block III UAS, as contemplated by 14 C.F.R.
Part 21.

Dated: November 15, 2014

Respectfully submitted,
Mark G. Fischer

                          25
CHEROKEE UAS President and CEO
CHEROKEE UAS LLC
168 Lewis Trail
Arabela, NM 88351
M: 575-740-7221
O: 575-653-4745
cc:
James H. Williams, AFS-80
Robert Pappas
Dave Morton, AFS-87

                                                              26
               EXHIBIT A

Nova Family of Systems Operations Manual.pdf
          F6500 Maintenance Manual.pdf
                     Field Guide.pdf

                        27
             Exhibit B

Cherokee UAS SOP 333 EXEMPTION.pdf

                    28
