September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12716
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1824

Mr. Oleg Bulanov
Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc.
5202 West Military Highway, Building 11
Chesapeake, VA 23321

Dear Mr. Bulanov:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial data acquisitions including the following industries: agriculture, oil and gas,
aerial photography, wildlife preservation, filming for television or movie production, and
utility inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

                                 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION

                               FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                              WASHINGTON, DC

 
 
 
 

                                 Regulatory Docket No. _

 
 
 
 

                 IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:

                                      Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc.

       FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF

                    TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

 SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)

  & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF THE

                         DJI INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

                                    PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

   THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                           Submitted on May 8, 2015 

\
                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

                                                                                                           Page
 
 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
 
 SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
 
 INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER .................................................4
 
 BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................4
 
 BASIS FOR PETITION ......................................................................................................5
 

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER...................................................................7
     
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH CHESAPEAKE BAY
    HELICOPTERS, INC. SEEKS EXEMPTION...............................................................8
     
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC. SEEKS AND
    THE REASON CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF..11
     
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC.'S
    REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ..............................................14
     
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY................................................................................17
     
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER............32
     
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC.'S
    REQUEST......................................................................................................................32
 
  CONCLUSION.................................................................................................................33

 2
                     GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
 AGL
              Above Ground Level
              Area of Interest
              Air Traffic Control
 AOI          Air Traffic Organization
              Code of Federal Regulations
              Certificate of Authorization
              Federal Aviation Administration
 ATC          Federal Aviation Regulation
              Federal Communications Commission
              Ground Control Station
              Global Positioning System
 ATO          National Airspace System
              Notice to Airmen
 C.F.R.       Pilot In Command
              FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
 COA          Standard Operating Procedures
              Unmanned Aircraft
 FAA          Unmanned Aircraft System
              Visual Flight Rules
              Visual Line of Sight
              Visual Meteorological Conditions
 FAR          Visual Observer
              Vertical Takeoff and Landing
 

 FCC

 

 GCS

 GPS

 NAS

 NOTAM

 PIC

 

 Section 333

 

 SOP

 

 UA

 

 UAS

 

 VFR

 

 VLOS

 

 VMC

 

 VO

 

 VTOL

 3
                                                    SUMMARY
 

          CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC. seeks exemption from the requirements of

 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &

 (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of

 the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit

 CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC.to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for

 the commercial purpose of conducting aerial data acquisitions within the National Airspace

 System (NAS) including, but not limited to the following industries; agriculture, oil and gas,

 aerial photography, wildlife preservation, filming for TV or movie production, and utility

 inspection.

                    INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
 

          CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC. (hereinafter referred to as "CBH") provides

 manned helicopter-mounted advanced aerial data capture technologies, as well as manned

 helicopter-based construction and support services under FAR Part 133, which enable companies

 to operate more efficiently and achieve competitive advantages in their respective markets.

                                                 BACKGROUND
 

                               Unmanned Aircraft System: DJI Inspire 1 UAS
 

          CBH seeks an exemption to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS (Inspire 1 UAS) for

 compensation or hire within the National Airspace System (NAS). The Inspire 1 UAS is

 comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL or helicopter) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a

 transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The Inspire 1 UA has: a maximum gross weight of

 approximately 6.5 pounds; approximate dimensions of a length of 17 inches, width of 18 inches,

 and height of 12 inches; and maximum speed of approximately 43 knots. The Inspire 1 UA is

 4
 equipped with four rotors, each driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motor.
 Complete technical data is contained within the attached manufacturer's manuals.

          The Inspire 1 UA that will be operated by CBH will be registered in accordance with 49
 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and
 marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

 

                                            BASIS FOR PETITION
 

          Petitioner, Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc., pursuant to the provisions of the Federal
 Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
 (FMRA) Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
 Administrator to commercially operate the Inspire 1 UAS within the National Airspace System
 (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

          In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
 unmanned helicopter and its operation, CBH's operation of the Inspire 1 UAS meets the
 conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
 accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

          Accordingly, CBH requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
 (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only
 apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

          CBH submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will be
 ensured. CBH will perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS
 5
 using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the current operating and maintenance
 documents (i.e., the Inspire 1 UAS User Manual, the Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual, the Inspire
 1 UAS Quick Start Guide, the Inspire 1 UAS Safety Guidelines, the Intelligent Flight Battery
 Safety Guidelines), or will utilize manufacturer authorized support services to perform
 maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS. Furthermore, CBH will
 document and maintain all maintenance records for the Inspire 1 UAS.

          Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
 privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by CBH to the extent necessary
 to allow operation of the Inspire 1 UAS by a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private
 pilot certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by
 meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
 operate the Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive
 and emergency maneuvers, as well as operating the helicopter without hazard to people,
 vessels, vehicles and structures in accordance with Section 91.119(d).

          CBH seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the
 Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
 Subpart H. As such, CBH submits that it will ensure that the Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy
 condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the current
 operating and maintenance documents (i.e., the Inspire 1 UAS User Manual, the Inspire 1
 Maintenance Manual, the Inspire 1 UAS Quick Start Guide, the Inspire 1 UAS Safety
 Guidelines, and the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines), and that the aircraft is in a
 condition for safe flight.

 6
          CBH also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter

 Settings, because the altitude reporting equipment of the Inspire 1 UAS is set to zero feet above

 ground level (AGL), rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

 The altitude information of the Inspire 1 UA is provided to the PIC via a barometric pressure

 sensor, Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data

 link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. A level

 of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will be ensured as the altitude of the Inspire 1 UA will be

 reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), and CBH will operate the

 Inspire 1 UA within visual line of sight.

          Additionally, CBH seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b),

 entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. CBH submits that safety will not be

 affected by operation of the Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological

 conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total

 duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising

 speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes (i.e., 25 percent battery power remaining).

          In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, CBH provides the following information in

 support of its petition for exemption:

 A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

 

          The name and address of the Petitioner is:

 

            CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC.
            Attn: Oleg Bulanov
            Ph: 757-465-9936
            Fax: 757-465-9946
            Email: olegbulanov@cbhelos.com
            Address: 5202 W Military Hwy, Bldg. 11
            Chesapeake, VA 23321
 7
 B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which CBH Seeks Exemption.

 

          1. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b).

 

          Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

          (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of
          an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
          person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

 

          (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection
          with any business or employment if--

 

                   (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

 

                   (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

 

          2. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

 

          Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

          (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

          3. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

 

          Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

 

          (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
          that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

 

                   (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

 

                   (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within
          100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

 

                   (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this
          section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

 

                   (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
          departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure;

 8
          4. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).

 

          Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),

          states the following:

          (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
          wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
          intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
          minutes.

 

          5. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).

 

          Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

          Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

          (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
          between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
          discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

 

          6. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                   Section 91.407(a)(1).

 

          Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

         rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

          (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
          maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

 

                   (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7
          of this chapter[.]

 

          7. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                   Sections 91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

 

          Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

 

          (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
          unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

 

                   (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
          approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

                   (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
          with part 21 of this chapter.

 

 9
          8. CBH Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                   Sections 91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

 

          Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

           following:

          (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
          owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
          (b) of this section:

 

                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
          records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections,
          as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
          and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

 

                            (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                   the work performed; and

 

                            (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

 

                            (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                   aircraft for return to service.

 

                   (2) Records containing the following information:

 

                            (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                   and each rotor.

 

                            (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                   propeller, rotor, and appliance.

 

                            (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                   are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

 

                            (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                   the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                   and its appliances are maintained.

 

                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                   safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                   safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                   involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                   major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                   propellers, and appliances.

  10
          (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                   (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
          the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
          performed.

 

                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
          transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

 

                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
          this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
          return to service.

 

 C. The Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks The Relief.

 

          1. Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks Relief From Section
          61.113(a) And (b).

 

          Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:

 Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private pilot

 certificate, as well as a current and valid FAA issued airman medical certificate, and who has

 met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight

 operations for compensation or hire.

          This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state

 

 that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any

 business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

 (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          As set forth more fully below, CBH submits that an equivalent level of safety will

 be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC

 has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is able to

 safely operate the Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications

 as set forth herein, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as operating the

  11
 helicopter without hazard to people, vessels, vehicles and structures in accordance with
 Section 91.119(d).

          Further, CBH submits that all flights of the Inspire 1 UAS, conducted by the PIC
 pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to CBH' data acquisition
 business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          2. Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks Relief From Section
          91.7(a).

 

          Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
 required to allow CBH to determine that the Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition prior to
 every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the current operating and
 maintenance documents (i.e., the Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual, the Inspire 1 UAS User Manual,
 the Inspire 1 UAS Quick Start Guide, the Inspire 1 UAS Safety Guidelines, and the Intelligent
 Flight Battery Safety Guidelines).

 

          CBH seeks the requested relief because the Inspire 1 UAS does not require an
 airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, CBH will
 ensure that the Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the
 operating and maintenance documents prior to every flight, and further, determine that the
 aircraft is in a condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

          3. Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks Relief From Section
          91.121.

 

          Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
 operations of the Inspire 1 UAS, because the Inspire 1 UA's altitude reporting equipment may be
 set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude, before

  12
 each flight. The Inspire 1 UAS utilizes a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a
 radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the
 PIC at the ground control station (GCS).

          Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 C.F.R. §

 

 91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations
 stated below. As more fully set forth herein, a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will
 be ensured as the altitude of the Inspire 1 UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet
 above ground level (AGL), and CBH will operate the Inspire 1 UA within visual line of sight.

          4. Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks Relief From Section
          91.151(b).

 

          Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
 requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered Inspire 1 UA during
 daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a
 total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal

 cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes (i.e., 25 percent battery power remaining).
 CBH seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight
 time duration of the battery powered Inspire 1 UA will severely constrain the practicality of any
 aerial data acquisition and research flight operations that CBH proposes to conduct pursuant to
 this Petition.

          Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Inspire 1 UAS, the
 Inspire 1 UAS operating documents, and CBH' proposed operating limitations, ensure that CBH
 will safely operate the battery powered Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in visual
 meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to
 fly, for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming

  13
 normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes (i.e., 25 percent battery power

 remaining).

          5. Extent Of Relief CBH Seeks And The Reason CBH Seeks Relief From
          Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

 

          Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only

 apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, CBH requests relief from these Sections

 because the Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more fully

 below, the Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, for operation without an

 airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, CBH will perform maintenance, alterations, or

 preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in

 the current operating and maintenance documents (i.e., the Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual, the

 Inspire 1 UAS User Manual, the Inspire 1 UAS Quick Start Guide, the Inspire 1 UAS Safety

 Guidelines, and the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines), or will utilize manufacturer

 authorized support services to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on

 the UAS. Furthermore, CBH will document and maintain all maintenance records for the

 Inspire 1 UAS.

 D. The Reasons Why Granting CBH's Request Would Be In The
          Public Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

 

          Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing CBH to safely,

 efficiently, and economically perform aerial data acquisitions within the NAS, commercially, in

 support of the various industries currently served by CBH's manned helicopters. Additionally, use

 of the Inspire 1 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide

 significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of Chesapeake Bay Helicopters'

 proposed operation of the Inspire 1 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

          1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisitions Performed.
  14
 

          CBH submits this Petition to commercially operate the Inspire 1 UAS and perform

 aerial data acquisition within the NAS, in support of the various industries currently served by

 CBH's manned helicopters. The Inspire 1 UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical

 aerial data acquisition operations to further each of these industries, which are critical to the

 well-being of the general public.

          2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.

 

          The Inspire 1 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical

 alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial data and/or imagery. By

 reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial data acquisitions, an exemption

 allowing the use of a Inspire 1 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS,

 reduce noise and air pollution, and increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the

 ground.

          Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,

 congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The Inspire

 1 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft

 conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air

 traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight

 operations.

            3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The
                     Inspire 1 UAS.

 

          Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Inspire 1 UAS, instead of manned aircraft, will

 greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated

 during traditional aerial data acquisition operations. By using battery power and electric motors,

 the Inspire 1 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious
  15
 alternative to the traditional manned helicopters that are typically utilized for aerial acquisitions,
 and burn approximately 20-50 gallons per hour of fuel. The Inspire 1 UA, while reducing the
 carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also reduces noise pollution, as the UA is propelled by
 battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

            By using the Inspire 1 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and
 property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
 helicopter flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from
 the lack of flightcrew members located onboard the helicopter, the Inspire 1 UA (weighing
 approximately 6.5 pounds at its maximum gross weight with a length of 17 inches, width of 18
 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and
 property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned helicopters that typically conduct
 aerial acquisitions (weighing 3-6,000 pounds with a rotor diameter of 30-40 feet, and a fuel
 capacity of approximately 100 gallons).

          4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Inspire 1 UAS Will
                   Benefit The Economy.

 

          In addition to being safe and efficient, the Inspire 1 UAS is also an economical
 alternative to using manned helicopters to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the
 Inspire 1 UAS will allow United States based companies, like CBH, to remain competitive and
 contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and
 the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation
 fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order
 to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered Inspire 1 UAS is one such technology
 that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but
 provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

  16
          By operating the Inspire 1 UAS, companies such as CBH, can remain competitive and
 profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which will
 ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S.
 companies, through commercial use of the Inspire 1 UAS, provides a stable workforce that
 increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
 companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
 United States and abroad.

          5. There Are No Privacy Issues.

 

          Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted since
 its inception in 1998, CBH's proposed operation of the Inspire 1 UAS will not implicate any
 privacy issues. Specifically, the Inspire 1 UAS will be operated pursuant to the specific
 conditions and limitations set forth herein, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation
 Regulations, including the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(a) and (d)
 and without hazard to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

 E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
          How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
          Provided By The Rule From Which CBH Seeks Exemption.

 

          1. Reasons Why The Inspire 1 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The
                   FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

 

          In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
 unmanned aircraft and its operation, CBH' operation of the Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions
 of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

  17
          Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification

 and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the

 NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section

 333 states the following, in part:

 

           (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
          than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
          shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
          airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
          this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

 

          (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
          subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

 

                    (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                   weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                   and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                   national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

 

                    (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                   certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for
                   the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).
          (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
          certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
          the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
          in the national airspace system.

 

          In seeking this exemption, CBH submits that the Inspire 1 UAS can operate safely in

 the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the

 Inspire 1 UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; (c) the specific operating limitations;

 and (d) the CBH "Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) And Policies" which contains

 proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                    a. The Specifications Of The Inspire 1 UAS Demonstrate Its
                            Safe Characteristics.

 

  18
          The Inspire 1 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or

 otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational

 capability.

                            i. Technical Specifications Of The Inspire 1 UAS.

 

          The technical specifications of the Inspire 1 UAS are set forth in the Inspire 1 User

 Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

                            ii. The Inspire 1 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes
                                    Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined Operational
                                    Area.

 

 The Inspire 1 UAS may be operated in both manual and autonomous flight modes. A complete

 description of autonomous flight modes is provided in the Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto

 as Exhibit A.

                            iii. The Inspire 1 UAS Is Designed For Automatic Return To Home
                                    Point Or Automatic Landing In The Event Of Loss Of
                                    The Control Link Or Navigation.

 

          A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the Inspire 1 UAS is set forth at

 pages 13 through 17 of the Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

 

                            iv. The Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.

 

          The Inspire 1 ground control station (GCS) is comprised of at least one remote controller,

 as well as a mobile device supporting the system software, known as the DJI Pilot App. A

 complete description of the operation and specifications of the Inspire 1 remote controller is

 provided at pages 23 through 33 of the Inspire 1 User Manual. A complete description of the

 operation and specifications of DJI Pilot App is provided at pages 40 through 43 of the Inspire 1

  19
 User Manual. The Inspire 1 UAS is compliant with all Federal Communications Commission
 (FCC) requirements, and the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA
 is set forth at page 58 of the Inspire 1 UAS User manual.

                   b. Flight Operations Of The Inspire 1 UAS Are Limited To
                            The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With
                            A Safety Observer.

 

          CBH will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid FAA issued
 airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the Inspire 1 UAS.
 Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight operations.

  20
                   c. Flights Of The Inspire 1 UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To
                            Specific Operating Limitations.

 

          In seeking this exemption, CBH proposes to commercially operate the Inspire 1 UAS for

 the special purpose of conducting aerial data acquisitions within the NAS, pursuant to the

 following specific operating limitations:

          1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
          described in the operating documents, a rotorcraft weighing 55 pounds or less at
          maximum gross weight: Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of
          any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

 

          2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
          purpose of aerial data acquisitions.

 

          3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 43 knots.

 

          4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
          (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes
          reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

 

          5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
          This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
          corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

 

          6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or visual observer (VO) is not
          permitted.

 

          7. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
          VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
          PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
          not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and
          cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure
          that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

 

          8. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
          avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
          permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

 

          9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
          operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
          between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the
          procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained
          in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator

  21
     must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may
     update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
     revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
     The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
     extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
     update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
     then the operator must petition for amendment to the grant of exemption. The FAA's
     UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates
     or revisions to the operating documents.

 

     10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
     flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
     aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
     and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
     must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
     properly documented in the aircraft records.

 

     11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
     operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
     undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must
     make an entry in the aircraft records.

 

     12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
     components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
     operating documents.

 

     13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
     overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

 

     14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
     requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
     alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
     aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
     the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

 

     15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
     Bulletins.

 

     16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
     action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

 

     17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
     class medical certificate.

 

     18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's

     qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
     consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive and

  22
     emergency maneuvers and as well as operating the helicopter without hazard to people,
     vessels, vehicles and structures in accordance with Section 91.119(d). PIC qualification
     flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). The VO is
     also required to complete the operator's training requirements. A record of training must
     be documented and made available upon request by the Administrator. Flights for the
     purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-
     building), are permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations
     may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency,
     and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are
     considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate without hazard to nonparticipants in
     accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(d).

 

     19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
     operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
     under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

 

     20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
     denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
     that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
     a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
     management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

 

     21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

 

     22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
     determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
     accordance with the operating documents.

 

     23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
     accordance with the operating documents.

 

     24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
     weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
     landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

 

     25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
     Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of
     exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airmen
     (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
     operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
     the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
     requirements.

  23
     26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
     number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
     Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
     large as practicable.

 

     27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
     control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
     other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

 

     28. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
     PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
     documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
     upon request.

 

     29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.

 

     30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

 

     31. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

 

     32. Flight operations must be conducted at an altitude that allows, if a power unit fails, an
     emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the ground as per 14
     CFR 91.119(a). Additionally, the helicopter shall be operated without hazard to persons
     or property on the ground at all times as per 14 CFR 91.119(d).

 

     33. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
     permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
     land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
     conducted.

 

     34. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
     the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
     to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 

                   d. Operation Of The Inspire 1 UAS Will Be In Accordance
                            With Standard Operating Procedures And Policies.

 

          "CBH Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) And Policies" will regulate CBH'

 operation of the Inspire 1 UAS and will significantly contribute to maintaining the level of

 safety contemplated by the regulations from which CBH now seeks relief.

  24
          The "CBH Standard Operating Procedures And Policies," which contain proprietary

 information, are attached hereto as Exhibit F, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to

 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

 

          2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                   61.113(a) And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 

          CBH submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section

 

 61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Inspire 1

 

 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency

 requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent

 with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as operating the

 helicopter without hazard to people, vessels, vehicles and structures in accordance with

 Section 91.119(d) in the same manner as our manned helicopters.

          Considering CBH' proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set forth-

 above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of

 commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills

 necessary to safely operate the Inspire 1 UAS, CBH submits that the additional manned

 airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the

 airmanship skills necessary for CBH' specific proposed flight operations.

          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to

 UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.

 Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,

 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11170, 11171, 11172).

 

  25
          CBH will not allow any PIC to operate the Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has

 demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or the Inspire 1 UAS training

 and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the Inspire 1 UAS in a

 manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well

 as operating the helicopter without hazard to people, vessels, vehicles and structures in

 accordance with Section 91.119(d) in the same manner as our manned helicopters.

          Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with

 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10

 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS (with a minimum of 5 hours of those

 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations

 under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-

 offs and landings of the Inspire 1 UA in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

          As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience

 that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of

 safety during CBH' proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior documented

 flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would ensure

 safe operations, stating as follows:

          In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
          purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have
          accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. 61.51(b), 25 hours of
          total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot
          with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must
          also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the
          same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption. For
          clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be inclusive
          rather than additive; i.e.5 hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours
          of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of UAS
          rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-
          offs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that
          at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to
  26
practice and build proficiency in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's
proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented flight experience that
was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement.
Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under the
grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency,
and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.
Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

Accordingly, CBH will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate the

Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and

currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the Inspire 1 UAS in a manner

consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as

operating the helicopter without hazard to people, vessels, vehicles and structures in

accordance with Section 91.119(d) in the same manner as our manned helicopters.

3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)

 Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained

because prior to every flight, CBH will ensure that the Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy

condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents and as stated in

the proposed conditions and limitations herein.

Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to

UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.

Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,

11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167,

 11170, 11171, 11172).                           27

 
 
 

 
          4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
                   Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained

 because the altitude of the Inspire 1 UA will be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet

 above ground level (AGL), and CBH will operate the Inspire 1 UA within visual line of sight,

 at or below 400 feet AGL. Furthermore, the altitude information of the Inspire 1 UA will be

 provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link,

 which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude.

 Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UAS at

 ground level.

          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in

 circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption

 Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,

 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171).

 

          5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                   91.151(b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 

          A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14

 

 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the Inspire 1 UAS;

 (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed

 flight operations. Accordingly, CBH will ensure that it will safely operate the battery

 powered Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power

 to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming

 normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes (i.e., 25 percent battery power

 remaining).

  28
          Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the Inspire 1 UAS;
 the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed operations,
 will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b).
 Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the Inspire 1 UAS provides visual and audible
 warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UA experiences low battery voltage, and if no
 action is taken in response to the warnings, the UA will automatically return to its starting
 point and land. A full description of the low battery level failsafes is provided at page 14 of
 the Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

          Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
 establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
 limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate
 at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689,
 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151
 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein
 (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160,
 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171, 11172).

          6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                   91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
                   Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 

          In seeking this exemption, CBH submits that the equivalent level of safety with regard
 to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because CBH will
 perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
 techniques, and practices prescribed in the current operating and maintenance documents (i.e.,
  29
 the Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual, the Inspire 1 UAS User Manual, the Inspire 1 UAS Quick
 Start Guide, the Inspire 1 UAS Safety Guidelines, and the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety
 Guidelines), or will utilize manufacturer authorized support services to perform maintenance,
 alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS. Furthermore, CBH will document and
 maintain all maintenance records for the Inspire 1 UAS.

          Since the Inspire 1 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating
 documents, CBH will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections
 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The following operating and maintenance
 documents are attached hereto, identified as the following Exhibits: (A) the Inspire 1
 UAS User Manual; (B) the Inspire 1 UAS Quick Start Guide; (C) the Inspire 1 UAS
 Safety Guidelines; (D) the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines; and (E) the
 Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance Manual. The foregoing exhibits contain proprietary
 information and are to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

          Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because CBH will
 perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
 techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating documents, or will utilize

 manufacturer authorized support services to perform maintenance, alterations, or
 preventive maintenance on the UAS.

          Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
 established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because CBH will document and
 maintain maintenance records for the Inspire 1 UAS.

          In consideration of CBH' proposed operating limitations, the operating documents, and
 the technical aspects of the Inspire 1 UAS, CBH submits that safety will not be adversely
 affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2),
  30
 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific to UAS

 in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption

 Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138,

 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11171,

 11172).

 

                7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe
                                                  Operation.

 

          In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

 (FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, CBH requests that the FAA

 prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the Inspire 1 UAS, which contain

 such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety

 equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) &

 (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a)

 & (b). Such special conditions will permit safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of

 conducting aerial data acquisitions within the NAS for compensation or hire. FMRA Section

 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of

 the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the

 authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any

 requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

          Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §

 21.16, for operation of the Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R.

 Part21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual

 design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

     If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
     adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
  31
     because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he
     prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
     conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
     standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
     establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.

 See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

 

          Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA

 may prescribe special conditions for CBH' intended operation of the Inspire 1

 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to

 establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H,

 and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

 F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register,
          stating: The Rules From Which CBH Seeks Exemption:

 

          CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC. seeks exemption from the requirements of
          14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
          91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

 

          A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption CBH
          Seeks:

 

          This exemption will permit CHESAPEAKE BAY HELICOPTERS, INC.to
          commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of
          conducting aerial data acquisitions within the National Airspace System (NAS).
 G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support CBH's
          Request.

 

          This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain

 UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, CBH' request for exemption may be granted

 pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

  32
          FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will
 create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
 security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
 certification.

          As discussed in detail above, CBH will operate the Inspire 1 UAS safely in the NAS,
 without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
 national security. CBH respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aircraft
 system will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with our
 conventional manned helicopters, the FAA can have confidence that the proposed
 operations will achieve at least an equivalent or greater level of safety. Additionally, CBH
 already employs many policies and procedures that demonstrate a commitment to the safety
 of employees and the public in its helicopter operations, including an a v i a t i o n - b a s e d
 Safety Management System, FAA Approved FAR Part 133 Helicopter External Load
 operations and DOT drug and alcohol testing for safety-sensitive employees. Approval of this
 exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the
 FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
 requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

                                                  CONCLUSION
 

          As set forth herein, CBH seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §11.61 and Section 333 of
 the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe operation of the
 Inspire 1 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of
 conducting aerial acquisitions within the National Airspace System (NAS). By granting this Petition,
 the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and

  33
Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing CBH to safely,

efficiently, and economically operate the Inspire 1 UAS commercially within the NAS.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, CBH respectfully requests that the

Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R

Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &

(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit CBH to operate the Inspire 1 UAS commercially for

the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS.

                      
 Dated: May 8, 2015
                      
 
                     Respectfully submitted,

                      

                     Chesapeake Bay Helicopters, Inc.

                      

                     /s/ Oleg Bulanov

                     Oleg Bulanov
                     5202 West Military Hwy.
                     Bldg. 11
                     Chesapeake, VA 23321
                     Tel: (757) 465-9936
                     Fax: (757) 465-9946

  34
