April 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11279
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0798

Mr. Michael Fortin
CineDrones, LLC
1372 North Goldenrod Road #23
Orlando, FL 32807

Dear Mr. Fortin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 9, 20141, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of CineDrones, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The FAA received six
individual comments in opposition to the petition and four in support. In granting this
exemption, the FAA has determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted

1 By letter dated January 20, 2015, and posted to the public docket on January 22, 2015 the petitioner responded
to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

under the conditions and limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon
Lab, Astraeus Aerial, Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the
document's conditions and limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of
the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S900, DJI S1000, and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CineDrones, LLC is granted an exemption from
                                                                                                                 3

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CineDrones, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S900, DJI
         S1000, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons, and;
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                              Page 1 of 2

CineDrones, LLC - Exemption/Rulemaking

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation Administration                     Comment Now!
(FAA)                                                                            Due Oct 6 2014, at 11:59 PM

For related information, Open Docket Folder                                          ID: FAA-2014-0798-0001

 Content                                                                          Document Information

  Re:Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act          Date Posted:
  of 2012                                                                     Oct 6, 2014
                                                                              Show More Details
  Dear Sir or Madam:
                                                                                  Submitter Information
  This application is being submitted on our own behalf without legal
  council or consulting services.                                             Submitter Name:
                                                                              Michael Fortin
  CineDrones, LLC, a Florida Limited Liability Company doing business as      Mailing Address:
  CineDrones (Cine' Drones). We are writing pursuant to the FAA               1372 North Goldenrod Road
  Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and the               Mailing Address 2:
  procedures contained in 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that CineDrones, an        #23
  owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the         City:
  Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed below so that CineDrones         Orlando
  may operate its small unmanned aircraft / lightweight unmanned aircraft     Country:
  systems (UAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal             United States
  Aviation Administration (FAA).                                              State or Province:
                                                                              FL
  CineDrones has established itself as a leader in capturing high definition  ZIP/Postal Code:
  feature film quality aerial cinematography with small, unmanned aircraft    32807
  and lightweight UASs. CineDrones has proven it's ability time and time
  again to carry high definition feature film quality cameras safely in a                Comments
  variety of situations and locations. CineDrones manufacturers
  professional grade sUAS systems that have been used in film and TV,                     1
  police & public safety, real estate and agriculture and provides intense
  systems and flight training to individuals purchasing each sUAS system.         Comments Received

  CineDrones primarily utilizes it's own sUAS for the TV industry, though         Lacking of Supporting
  given their stability and maneuverability, they may be used for other           Documents; CineDrone
  cinematography such as real estate, water sports, agriculture and by law        technical informationExemptio
  enforcement personnel and by other first responders. CineDrones UASs            is not advisable without
  are the most advanced remote control aircraft being used for these              complete technical data of his
  purposes and they are already highly regarded by noteworthy experts in          sUAS
  the field of unmanned rotorcraft, as well as filmmakers.                       View Comment

  Founded by Mike Fortin, an innovative and creative individual with 14
  years of Professional RC Aircraft experience and a member of the
  Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA), as Cheif Pilot Mr. Fortin is
  extremely well trained as is his team in safety and operation of sUAS
  systems as frequently trains others in the safe operation and
  maintenance of sUAS.

  CineDrones has been operating its lightweight sUAS around the United
  States on numerous productions without incident and would like to

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                   10/17/2014
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                               Page 2 of 2

formally request permission to fly its UASs commercially in the United         * This count refers to the total
States to capture aerial cinematography, conduct research on UAS
safety protocols and to develop an enhanced platform for first responder       comment/submissions received
and agricultural use. With a team of 3 dedicated individuals each flight is    this document, as of 11:59 PM
flown Line of Sight (LOS) and with Pilot, Navigator and Spotter.               yesterday. Note: Agencies revie
                                                                               submissions, however some
To date, CineDrones has flown countless flights around these United            agencies may choose to redact
States and has done so safely and successfully. Our work has been              withhold, certain submissions (o
featured in numerous TV shows and we've worked hand in hand with               portions thereof) such as those
law enforcement and other public safety officials to showcase the              containing private or proprietary
features and benefits of sUAS in a wide variety of scenarios.                  information, inappropriate langu
                                                                               or duplicate/near duplicate
CineDrones exemption request would permit its operation of lightweight,        examples of a mass-mail campa
unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively inexpensive             This can result in discrepancies
UASs in tightly controlled and limited airspace under 250 feet.                between this count and those
Predetermined, specifically marked areas of operation, cordoned off            displayed when conducting
locations and corresponding enhancements to current safety controls            searches on the Public Submiss
will allow CineDrones to operate within current safety parameters while        document type. For specific
innovating new ones. Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled         information about an agency's p
UASs are legally operated by amateurs with no flight experience, safety        submission policy, refer to its
plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. It is only logical to allow  website or the Federal Register
CineDrones highly experienced remote control pilots, technicians and           document.
safety crew to operate similar lightweight UASs. This will act to further
safety protocols specific to lightweight UASs as CineDrones researches
flight data and other information gained through permitted flight
operations.

Granting CineDrones request comports with the Secretary of
Transportations (FAA Administrators) responsibilities to not only
integrate UASs into the national airspace system, but to establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UASs] in
the national airspace system under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.
Further, CineDrones will conduct its operations in compliance with the
protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated in our attached petition, CineDrones respectfully
requests the grant of an exemption allowing it to operate lightweight,
remote controlled UASs within the national airspace system and would
like to work hand in hand with the FAA to develop rules and guidelines
that can be utilized by the sUAS industry for similar commercial uses,
forthwith.

Thank you.

Respectfully submitted,

Mike Fortin
President / Founder

CineDrones / Drone Assets
1372 N. Goldenrod Road
Studio 23
Orlando, FL 32807

O: 844-359-3766
M: 407-288-4114

www.CineDrones.net

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                    10/17/2014
