June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11744
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0882

Ms. Yvette Barrera, P.E., CFM
City Engineer
City of McAllen
311 North 15th Street
McAllen, TX 78501

Dear Ms. Barrera:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on April 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of the City of McAllen (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial inspections and surveys, photography, and videography
operations
See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, the City of McAllen is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, the City of McAllen is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

U.S. Department of Transportation             
Docket Management System              Robert L. Canterbury, P.E. 

 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE                            Capital Projects Engineer

Washington, D.C. 20590              City of McAllen 
                    311 N. 15th Street 
                    McAllen, Texas 78501 
 

                                                             BASIS FOR PETITION 

         Petitioner, CITY OF McALLEN , pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) 
and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft 
Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, in the National Airspace 
System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of : 

 

14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b) 

14 CFR 45.23(b) 

91.7(a),  

91.121, 

91.151(b),  

91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91 

 

         Name and Address of the Petitioner 
 
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is: 
 
YVETTE BARRERA, P.E., CFM 
CITY ENGINEER ENGINEER 
CITY OF McALLEN 
311 NORTH 15TH STREET 
McALLEN, TEXAS 78501 
OFFICE: 9566811151  
Email: ybarrera@mcallen.net 
 

PREFACE: 

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by 
its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, that includes UAS, from the 
requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. 

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) 
or (b) of this section or any sections 44702  44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public 
interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).  

          
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

         The City of McAllen proposes to use one or more Unmanned Aerial Drones (DJI PHANTOM 2 Vision +), for the 
following uses: 

               Inspections of cityowned stormwater canal system 
               Inspections of cityowned road rights of way 
               Periodic inspections of cityfunded infrastructure improvement projects 
               Bridge inspections 
               Assist with damage assessments or situational status reports during emergency response operations 
               Evaluations within the city related to flora & fauna (vegetation & wildlife) issues. 
               Support to law enforcement and fire departments during response operations. 
               Assist with site security during citysponsored events (ie. 4th of July, New Years, parades, etc.)  

         This aircraft has four rotors and four motors in a quadcopter configuration (X4).  It is only capable of vertical 
takeoff and landings.  This UAS weighs less than 55 lbs. including payload, can fly, under normal conditions at a speed of 
no more than 30 knots and has the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. 
This UAS is equipped with GPS and autoreturn function to the predetermined safe landing area as well as allowing 
reading of magnetic interference that can cause loss off GPS signal. The UAS will operate only in line of sight and will 
operate only within the limits of public rights of way or easements. Such operations will be conducted to insure that the 
UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." (Reform Act Section 333 (b)). 

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of 
the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems 
may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rule making required under Section 
333 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not 
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following: 

              · The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability; 

              · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and 

              · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 

         Reform Act § 333 (a). Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace 
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace 
system." Id. §333(c). 

     The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its 
terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, that includes UAS, from the 
requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. 

   The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) 
or (b) of this section or any sections 44702  44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public 
interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1). 

 

RELIEF OVERVIEW 

     Given the small size of the UAS involved and the restricted environment within which they will operate, the applicant 
falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, 
by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UASs and the 
restricted areas in which the relevant UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.  
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

         Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as 
amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, 
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing 
UASs for aerial inspections, surveying, photography and videography, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the 
public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption. 

 

 AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 

   CITY OF McALLEN proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the 
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or 
even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations 
represent a safety enhancement to the already safe aerial inspections, surveying and photography and videography 
operations conducted with conventional aircraft. 

         These limitations and conditions to which CITY OF McALLEN agrees to be bound when conducting commercial 
operations under an FAA issued exemption include: 

              1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs. 
              2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a PilotIn Command (PIC) and a Safety Observer (SO). 
              3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes or less. Flights will be terminated at 25% 

                   battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit. 
              4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL or, not more than 200 feet above an elevated 

                   platform for which filming is planned. 
              5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot and one Visual Observer. 
              6. The UAS will only operate within the defined project area, the boundaries of which will be determined by the UAS 

                   PilotInCommand (PIC) based on the sitespecific activities and speed of the UAS required for the operation, and 
                   coordinated with the jurisdictional FAA FSDO and local government officials as applicable. 
              7. A briefing will be conducted in regards to the planned UAS operations prior to each day's operation. It will be 
                   mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the project be present for this 
                   briefing. 
              8. The UAS Pilot and Safety Observer will be able to communicate by voice and/or two way radio communication 
                   system at all times. 
              9. The operations of the UAS will be limited to daylightonly operations. 
              10. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the capability to return to a pre
                   determined location within the Project Perimeter and land safely. 
              11. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies. 

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1) 

     Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of 
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with 
the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an 
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 
(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an 
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports 
and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated 
without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as 
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without 
the restrictions and conditions proposed. 

         In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and 
its operation, the CITY OF McALLEN's operation of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 
333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. 

         Accordingly, the CITY OF McALLEN requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 
and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an 
airworthiness certificate. CITY OF McALLEN submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety 
will be ensured. CITY OF McALLEN will use experienced personnel or technicians as needed to perform maintenance, 
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the 
operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual). Furthermore, CITY 
OF McALLEN will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS. 

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: 
Pilot in command, is requested by CITY OF McALLEN to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) meet or 
exceed the described requirements of operations set by manufacturer, and who has demonstrated, that the PIC is able 
to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and 
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.  

         CITY OF McALLEN seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI Phantom 
2 Vision+ UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, CITY 
OF McALLEN submits that he will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every 
flight, by determining that the UASs are in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, 
and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.  

         CITY OF McALLEN also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, 
as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the 
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio 
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. 
This altitude information, combined with CITY OF McALLEN's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+  UAS within visual 
line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.  

         Additionally, CITY OF McALLEN seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel 
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. JWR submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 2 
Vision+ during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough 
battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 30 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming 
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes.  

 

EXTENT AND REASONING WHY CITY OF McALLEN SEEKS RELIEF FROM THE LISTED SECTIONS ABOVE:   

         1. Section 61.113(a) & b).  

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is 
requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC meet all requirements as described in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 
owner's manual to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.  

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a private pilot may, 
for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only 
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation 
or hire.  

         As set forth more fully below, CITY OF McALLEN submits that an equivalent level of safety will be maintained 
because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated that the PIC 
is able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications 
as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate 
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures. 

         Further, CITY OF McALLEN submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 1 UAS, conducted by the PIC 
pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to CITY OF McALLEN's business; and (2) will not carry 
passengers or property for compensation or hire.  

         2. 91.7(a).  

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent required to allow CITY 
OF McALLEN to determine that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UASs are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by 
ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the CITY OF McALLEN Operations Manual, 
Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual).  

         CITY OF McALLEN seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS does not require an 
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, CITY OF McALLEN will ensure that 
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e., 
Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine 
that the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below. 

         3. 91.121.  

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight operations of the DJI 
Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications 
telemetry data link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since 
the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet 
above ground level (AGL), JWR seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA altimeter may be set on 
the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.  

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121 is sought to the extent 
necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an 
equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are equipped with a barometric 
pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established 
prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on the headsup display of the GCS.  

         4. 91.151(b).  

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested to the extent 
required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological 
conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 25 minutes to the first point of intended landing 
and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes. JWR seeks the requested relief because 
without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA 
will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that CITY OF McALLEN proposes 
to conduct pursuant to this Petition.  
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, the DJI Phantom 2 
Vision+ operating documents, and CITY OF McALLEN `s proposed operating limitations, ensure that CITY OF McALLEN will 
safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions 
(VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 25 minutes to the first 
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes. 

    14 CFR 45.23(b) 

    Marking of the Aircraft; 

      Applicable codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications.  UAV 
    Field Services UASs are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on 
    which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft. 
    Regardless, UAV Field Services will mark its UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the "N "number on its 
    fuselage as required by 14 CFR 45.29 (f) so that the pilot, technician, spotter and others working with the UAV will 
    see the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemption No 10167 and 
    10700 

         5. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).  

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to aircraft with an 
airworthiness certificate, CITY OF McALLEN requests relief from these Sections because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS 
do not require airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS meet the 
conditions of FMRA Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly CITY OF McALLEN will use 
trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, 
techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the CITY OF McALLEN aerial Operations 
Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual). Furthermore, CITY OF McALLEN will 
document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.  

 

The Reasons for granting this request are entirely beneficial to the public and community as a whole.    

         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing CITY OF McALLEN to safely, efficiently, 
and economically perform aerial video and photographic surveys and inspections of construction sites, rights of way, 
utility easements, and other sites within the City of McAllen, Texas.   

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of 
the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems 
may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rule making required under Section 
332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAS do not 
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following: 

         · The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability; 

         · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and 

         · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 

  Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, id. the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national 
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace 
system." Id. §333(c). 
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

     Given the small size of the UAS involved and the restricted sterile environment within which they will operate, the 
applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the 
FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the 
UASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national 
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation 
Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public 
benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with 
allowing UASs for movie and television operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. 
Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 

 

REASONS BENEFICIAL TO THE PUBLIC/COMMUNITY 

         1. The Public Will Benefit from Decreased Congestion of the NAS.  

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical alternative to 
the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to 
perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS would reduce the amount of 
manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air 
and on the ground.  

         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around airports 
caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA do not require an airport to 
takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would result 
in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing 
phases of flight operations. 

         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.  

         Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly 
benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video 
and still photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS 
produce no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder 
internal combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning 
approximately 2030 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA, while reducing the carbon 
footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered electric 
motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.  

         By using the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS to perform aerial observation, the substantial risk to life and property in 
the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be 
substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, 
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA (weighing approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, at their maximum gross weights with length 
of 16  inches, widths of 16 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and 
property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations 
(weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity 
of 180 gallons).  

         3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography, Surveys and Inspections, Operations with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 
            UAS Will Benefit the Economy.  
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are also provides an economical alternative 
to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such, operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS will 
allow the CITY OF McALLEN, to provide quality services to the residents and businesses of the City and the Region at 
minimum costs. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") 
regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, agencies must adopt new and alternative technology in continue to 
provide required services at reasonable costs. Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is one such 
technology that not only allows agencies & companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but 
provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.  

         By operating the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, the CITY OF McALLEN can maintain and hopefully improve our 
ability to operate and maintain critical infrastructure and at the same time collect important data for further 
development of systemwide modeling of water, water, stormwater and roadway systems as well as provide accurate 
and current data related to environmental issues such as ground cover, vegetation & wildlife habitats.  

         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.  

Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for decades, the CITY OF McALLEN's 
proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 
2 Vision+ UAS will be operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the CITY OF McALLEN Aerial 
Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual) which requires property 
owner involvement as well as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation 
Regulations, including the maximum altitude limitations as per the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.  

 

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY, OR HOW THE EXEMPTION 
WOULD PROVIDE A LEVEL OF SAFETY AT LEAST EQUAL TO THAT PROVIDED BY THE RULE FROM WHICH CITY OF McALLEN 
SEEKS EXEMPTION.  

         1. Reasons Why The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA Meet The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 
            2012 (FMRA) Section 333.  

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and 
its operation, CITY OF McALLEN'S operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, 
and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.  

         In seeking this exemption, CITY OF McALLEN submits that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS can operate safely in 
the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS; (b) 
the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.  

            a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics. 

                  The DJI Phantom 2 Vision UAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose 
                  a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.  

                 i. Technical Specifications of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.  

                 The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are set forth by the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 
                 Specifications and Data Sheet attached. 

                 ii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To Remain 
                 Within A Defined Operational Area.  
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

    The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous flight modes. A 
    complete description of the flight and navigational modes of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are included 
    in the User Manuals. 

    iii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UASs Are Designed For Automatic Return To Home Point Or Hover In The 
    Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation. 

    When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds 
    or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA does not reacquire control link data from the 
    GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the home position (i.e., 
    failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and shutdown.  

    A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are set forth in the DJI 
    Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual, attached. 

    iv. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ GCS And Its Operation.  

    A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ GCS and flight 
    control software is provided in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual.  

b. Flights Of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.  

   In seeking this exemption, CITY OF McALLEN proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS 
   for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of United States, 
   pursuant to the following specific operating limitations: 

   1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft described in the 
   operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2 
   Vision+ Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or 
   a petition to amend this grant.  

   2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the purpose of aerial 
   video and photography.  

   3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots. 

   4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated 
   by the procedures specified in the operating documents unless a special request is made and approved by 
   ATC. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.  

   5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to 
   be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's 
   FAAissued airman medical certificate.  

   6. The use of first person view camera to satisfy the visual line of site by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is 
   not permitted.  

   7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as 
   long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at 
   all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be 
   designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC 
   must ensure that the SO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.  
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and avoiding other air 
traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to operate the camera or other 
instruments.  

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS operations and 
made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and 
limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, 
the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. 
Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator 
may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and 
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also 
present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of 
exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the 
FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The 
FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to 
the operating documents.  

10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe flight. If the 
inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from 
operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition 
for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and 
alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records. 

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight 
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The 
PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.  

12. The preflight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, 
items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.  

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, 
replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.  

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in 
accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of 
replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in 
service, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to 
service.  

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.  

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken against 
discrepancies discovered between inspections.  

17. The PIC must meet or exceed all requirements as set forth by manufacturer in order to justifiably 
operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, or hold an equivalent pilot license approved by the FAA.   

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's qualification 
criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS 
will be operated under the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining 
appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be 
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's 
PICs are permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted 
during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experiencebuilding flights, all persons 
not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with 
appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.  

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All operations must be 
conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will 
be made at the FAA office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules 
(SVFR) are not authorized.  

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a current 
FAApublished aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, 
and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter 
of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.  

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud 
or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.  

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre determined location 
within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the operating documents.  

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with 
the operating documents.  

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) 
there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 
25% battery power remaining.  

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization 
(COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption. This COA will also require the 
operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 
hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in 
the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder requirements.  

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial number, registered 
in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N Number) markings in accordance with 14 
C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.  

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA 
must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government 
oversight agency requirements.  

28. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and activities at 
all times.  

29. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle. 

30. All operations shall be conducted over publicly owned or controlled property. Any operation over 
privately owned property would require permission from the land owner/controller or authorized 
representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for 
each flight to be conducted. 
City of McAllen, UAV Petition for Exemption      
 

               31. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the 
               operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office 
               (AFS80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) 
               per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov 

 

  THE CITY OF McALLEN AFFIRMS ALL INFORMATION LISTED ABOVE TO BE TRUE AND BINDING UPON FAA'S 
FINDINGS OF EXEMPTION REGARDING COMMERCIAL OPPERATIONS OF LISTED UAS, UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE OF LAWS 
OR REGULATIONS DECIDED BY THE GOVERNEMENT/FAA.  THANKYOU FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION. 

 

 

 

YVETTE BARRERA, P.E., CFM 

CITY ENGINEER 

 

 

 

  
