June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11778A
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0591

Mr. Jacob Rachniowski
Managing Partner
Cloud9Drones LLC
2606 Wilson Street 802
Austin, TX 78704

Dear Mr. Rachniowski:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cloud9Drones LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial inspections of towers/tall structures for multiple industries, and videography
for film and marketing.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the C9D-BD (Butterfly Dragon), DJIS1000+, DJI
Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 3, 3DR Solo, and 3DR Iris+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cloud9Drones LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cloud9Drones LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the C9D-BD (Butterfly
         Dragon), DJIS1000+, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 3, 3DR Solo, and a 3DR Iris+ when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May  13,  2015  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  

Docket  Management  Facility  

West  Building  Ground  Floor  

Room  W12-140  

1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  S.E.  

Washington,  D.C.  20590                

  

Re:  Cloud9Drones  Section  333  Exemption  Amendment  (Docket  #  FAA-2015-0591-0001)  

  

Dear  Sir/Madam,  

  

Cloud9Drones  LLC  is  writing  to  amend  our  Section  333  exemption  request,  posted  March  10th,  

2015,  with  the  intention  of  clarifying  certain  requests  and  to  add  additional  aircraft.  This  

document  will  give  an  overview  of  the  amendments  we  would  like  to  make  and  will  follow  with  

the  specific  comments,  new  additions  and  associated  pages  effected.  

  

Amendment  Overview:  

  

     1)  `C9D-BD  (Butterfly  Dragon)  ­  custom  UAS'  is  a  Gryphon  Dynamics  X8  

  

Although  C9D  specified  that  the  C9D-BD  is  a  custom  UAS,  it  is  in  fact  an  airframe  that  has  

previously  been  exempt  by  the  FAA  for  other  companies  (Exemption  No.  11158):  a  Gryphon  

Dynamics  X8.  The  supporting  documentation  specifies  the  exact  components  of  this  UAS.  It  is  

not  a  `custom'  UAS,  it  only  has  a  few  custom  parts  non-critical  to  flight,  i.e.  camera  isolation  

system,  battery  mounts  and  weatherproof  top  cover  for  the  flight  electronics.  

  

     2)  Videography  and  film  is  NOT  for  closed-set  filming  operations  

       

We  are  not  requesting  an  exemption  to  do  closed-set  filming.  We  understand  that  closed-set  

filming  requires  additional  manuals,  which  we  have  not  submitted.  Our  videography  will  be  

limited  to  real-estate,  marketing  videos  and  non-closed  set  film  operations.  

  

       

       

       

   1  
     3)  All  operations  will  be  restricted  to  below  400ft  

       

Cloud9Drones  requested  operations  up  to  the  height  listed  in  the  NPRM:  500ft.  We  also  

requested  to  operate  in  some  cases  above  500ft.  Since  such  requests  will  warrant  further  

review  by  the  FAA,  C9D  would  like  to  reduce  those  requests  to  a  maximum  altitude  of  400ft,  as  

permitted  by  other  exempt  companies.  

  

     4)  Pilots  will  require  a  sports  license  and  valid  US  driver's  license  

  

Cloud9Drones  specified  that  commercial  pilots  with  third  class  medicals  would  perform  

operations.  This  was  due  to  a  request  to  operate  above  400ft,  which  could  require  a  pilot  with  

more  experience.  In  light  of  the  recent  exemptions  requiring  a  sports  license  and  a  valid  US  

driver's  license,  C9D  would  like  to  reduce  its  pilot  qualifications  from  commercial  pilot  license  

with  a  third  class  medical  to  at  least  a  sport  pilot's  certificate  or  higher  rating  with  a  valid  US  

driver's  license.  

  

Thus,  Cloud9Drones  will  now  require  an  exemption  from  14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  

Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.  

  

Additional  Aircraft  

Additionally,  C9D  would  like  to  add  the  following  aircraft  to  it's  fleet  of  UAS'.  

     · DJI  Phantom  3  

    · 3D  Robotics  Solo  
  

The  manuals  have  been  submitted  separately  to  the  333  Exemptions  office.  

  

  

The  name  and  address  of  the  applicant  is:    

     Cloud9Drones  LLC                                                

     Attn:    Jacob  Rachniowski    -  Managing  Partner               

     Ph:    512-567-7351                                                 Taylor  Davis  

     Email:    Jacob@cloud9drones.com                                    Ph:    405-406-7730    

     Address:    2606  Wilson  St.  #  802,  Austin,  TX,           Email:    Taylor@cloud9drones.com    

     78704                                                                      

                                                                             Email:    Jacob@cloud9drones.com    

   2  
Amendment  Details:  
  

         1)  `C9D-BD  (Butterfly  Dragon)  ­  custom  UAS'  is  a  Gryphon  Dynamics  X8  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page:  3  
Original  Text:  
C9D intends to operate the following aircraft:

         1. C9D-BD (Butterfly Dragon) ­ custom UAS  
New  Text:  
C9D intends to operate the following aircraft:

         1. C9D-BD (Butterfly Dragon) ­ Gryphon Dynamics X8  
  

         2)  Videography  and  film  is  NOT  for  closed-set  filming  operations  
           
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 1
Original Text:
Equipped to conduct aerial inspections of towers/tall structures for multiple industries, and
videography for film and marketing,
New Text:
Equipped to conduct aerial inspections of towers/tall structures for multiple industries, and
videography for film (with the exception of closed-sets) and marketing,

Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 4
Original  Text:  
C9D also intends to provide aerial videography for the film and marketing industries
New  Text:  
C9D also intends to provide aerial videography for the film (with the exception of closed-sets)
and marketing industries
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 13
Original  Text:  
To allow commercial operation for inspection of towers/tall structures and videography for film

   3  
and marketing purposes,
New  Text:  
To allow commercial operation for inspection of towers/tall structures and videography for film
(with the exception of closed-sets) and marketing purposes,
  
Document  Name:  `Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  
Page: 4
Original Text:

    · Aerial  videography  for  film  or  marketing  purposes  
New Text:

    · Aerial  videography  for  film  (with the exception of closed-sets) or  marketing  purposes  
           
         3)  All  operations  will  be  restricted  to  below  400ft  

  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 3
Original Text:
at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  500  feet
New Text:
at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 10
Original Text:
Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  ground  level  (AGL).  Flights  
will  be  operated  above  500  ft  for  inspections  of  structures  that  have  FAA  lighting.  In  these  less  
common  operating  situations,  the  UAS  will  not  be  operated  over  10ft  above  the  height  of  the  
FAA  marked  tower,  nor  will  the  UAS  operate  over  a  50ft  radius  from  the  center  of  the  marked  
structure.  
New Text:
Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  ground  level  (AGL).  Flights  
will  be  operated  above  500  ft  for  inspections  of  structures  that  have  FAA  lighting.  In  these  less  
common  operating  situations,  the  UAS  will  not  be  operated  over  10ft  above  the  height  of  the  
FAA  marked  tower,  nor  will  the  UAS  operate  over  a  50ft  radius  from  the  center  of  the  marked  
structure.  
  

   4  
Document  Name:  'Operating  Manual'  
Page: 3
Original Text:
Aircraft  shall  remain  under  500ft  AGL,  or  no  more  than  10ft  above  a  FAA  marked  structure  
under  inspection  and  no  more  than  80ft  horizontal  distance  away  from  the  tower.  Specific  
details  are  specified  in  the  `Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  Manual.'  
New Text:
Aircraft  shall  remain  under  400ft  AGL,  or  no  more  than  10ft  above  a  FAA  marked  structure  
under  inspection  and  no  more  than  80ft  horizontal  distance  away  from  the  tower.  Specific  
details  are  specified  in  the  `Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  Manual.'  

Document  Name:  `C9D  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest'  
Page: 4
Original Text:
Altitude  limited  below  500ft  AGL  in  all  cases  with  the  exception  of  inspections  of  towers  above  
500ft  marked  with  FAA  lighting.  In  these  cases  operations  will  be  limited  to  10ft  above  the  
marked  tower  and  no  more  than  80ft  horizontal  distance  from  the  tower.  
New Text:
Altitude  limited  below  400ft  AGL  in  all  cases  with  the  exception  of  inspections  of  towers  above  
500ft  marked  with  FAA  lighting.  In  these  cases  operations  will  be  limited  to  10ft  above  the  
marked  tower  and  no  more  than  80ft  horizontal  distance  from  the  tower.  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest'  
Page: 4
Remove "Reasoning  for  Higher  Altitude  Operations  for  Tower  Inspection"  Section
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest'  
Page: 5
Original Text:
C9D  UAS  operations  will  not  exceed  10ft  vertical  distance  and  not  exceed  80ft  horizontal  
distance  from  the  marked  structure.  
New Text:
C9D  UAS  operations  will  not  exceed  10ft  vertical  distance  and  not  exceed  80ft  horizontal  
distance  from  the  marked  structure.    C9D  UAS  operations  will  not  exceed  at  an  altitude  of  no  
more  than  400  feet  AGL.  
  

   5  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest'  
Page: 14
Original Text:
By  permitting  C9D  to  operate  above  500ft  and  no  higher  than  10ft  AGL  of  the  tower  under  
inspection,  
New Text:
By  permitting  C9D  to  operate  up  to  400ft  AGL  above  500ft  and  no  higher  than  10ft  AGL  of  the  
tower  under  inspection,  
  

         4)  Pilots  will  require  a  sports  license  and  valid  US  driver's  license  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 1
Original Text:
The  UAS  PIC  will  be  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  a  commercial  pilot's  certificate  and  third  class  
medical
New Text:
The  UAS  PIC  will  be  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  at  least  a  sport  pilot's  certificate  or  higher  
rating  and  valid  US  driver's  license
  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.    
C9D  will  require  that  UAS  pilots  have  a  commercial  pilots  license  and  a  third  class  medical.  In  
addition  to  these  requirements,  the  PIC  will  have  to  complete  UAS  training  as  specified  in  the  
C9D  Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual.  
New Text:
Exemption  Requested  From:  
14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.    
C9D  will  require  that  UAS  pilots  have  at  least  a  sport  pilot's  certificate  or  higher  rating  and  a  
valid  US  driver's  license.  In  addition  to  these  requirements,  the  PIC  will  have  to  complete  UAS  
training  as  specified  in  the  C9D  Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual.  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Request  for  Exemption'  
Page: 10
Original Text:

   6  
The  Pilot  In  Command  (PIC)  must  possess  a  commercial  pilot  certificate  and  at  least  a  current  
third-class  medical  certificate.    
New Text:
The  Pilot  In  Command  (PIC)  must  possess  at  least  a  sport  pilot's  certificate  or  higher  rating  and  
at  least  a  valid  US  driver's  license.  
  
Document  Name:  `C9D  Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual'  
Page: 3
Original Text:

    · Hold  at  least  a  Private  Pilot  License  
    · Maintain  at  least  a  3rd  Class  Medical  
New Text:
    · Hold  at  least  a  sport  pilot's  certificate  or  higher  rating  
    · Hold  a  valid  US  driver's  license  
  

   7  
