June 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11778
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0591

Mr. Jacob Rachniowski
Managing Partner
Cloud9Drones LLC
2606 Wilson Street 802
Austin, TX 78704

Dear Mr. Rachniowski:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cloud9Drones LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial inspections of towers/tall structures for multiple industries, and videography
for film and marketing.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Gryphon Dynamics X8 (Cloud9Drones-BD
Butterfly Dragon), DJIS1000+, DJI Inspire 1, and a 3DRobotics Iris+
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cloud9Drones LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cloud9Drones LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Gryphon
         Dynamics X8 (C9D-BD Butterfly Dragon), DJIS1000+, DJI Inspire 1, and a
         3DRobotics Iris+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
March  05,  2015  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  

Docket  Management  Facility  

West  Building  Ground  Floor  

Room  W12-140  

1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  S.E.  

Washington,  D.C.  20590                

  

Re:  Cloud9Drones  Exemption  Request  -  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  and  Part  11  of  the  

Federal  Aviation  Regulations  from  14  C.F.R.  §91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (1)(2);  417(a)  &  (b);  

14  C.F.R.  §91.119  (c);  14  C.F.R.  §91.121;  14  C.F.R.  §  91.151(a)  

  

Dear  Madam/Sir,  

  

As  per  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  Reform  Act)  and  14  

C.F.R.  Part  11,  Cloud9Drones  ("C9D",  or  "petitioner"  hereafter),  developer  and  operator  of  

Small  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  ("sUAS'")  equipped  to  conduct  aerial  inspections  of  

towers/tall  structures  for  multiple  industries,  and  videography  for  film  and  marketing,  hereby  

applies  for  an  exemption  from  the  listed  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  to  allow  

commercial  operation  of  its  sUAS',  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  within  and  under  

the  conditions  outlined  in  this  exemption  request,  the  supporting  documents,  or  as  may  be  

established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.  

  

The  information  submitted  will  assist  the  FAA  in  determining  whether  to  grant  relief  from  its  

regulations,  will  assist  the  Secretary  of  Transportation  with  determining  whether  to  grant  relief  

from  airworthiness  certification  requirements  under  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  

2012,  and  describe  why  this  exemption  is  in  the  public  interest.  These  documents  will  help  in  

determining  that  the  sUAS'  do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public  or  pose  a  

threat  to  national  security  in  light  of  the  following:    

     · The  UAS's  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operational  capability;    

     · Operation  of  the  UAS  in  a  controlled,  predetermined  and  limited  area  

     · Operation  of  the  UAS  in  close  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas;  and    

    · Operation  of  the  UAS  within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator.  
  

  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            1                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
In  this  request  for  exemption  we  describe  more  fully  our  request  for  exemption  in  4  sections  
with  the  support  of  multiple  additional  documents.  The  sections  are:  
   1)  The  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (UAS)  
   2)  The  UAS  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  
   3)  UAS  Operating  Parameters  
   4)  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  
  
Supporting  confidential  documents  to  this  exemption  request  include:  

         1)  C9D  Operating  Manual    
         2)  C9D  Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual  
         3)  C9D  Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  
         4)  Maintenance  and  Inspection  Manual    
         6)  Logbooks  
         7)  UAS  User  Manuals  
         8)  Insurance  Documentation  
  
Regulations  from  which  the  exemption  is  requested  are:    
         14  C.F.R.  §91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (1)(2);  417(a)  &  (b)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.119  (c)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.121  
         14  C.F.R.  §  91.151(a)  
  
The  requested  exemption  would  permit  the  operation  of  small,  unmanned,  and  inexpensive  
sUAS'  under  controlled  conditions  in  airspace  that  is  limited,  predetermined,  access  controlled  
and  would  provide  safety  enhancements  to  the  existing  methods  of  inspection  and  aerial  
videography  which  endanger  human  lives.  Approval  of  this  exemption  would  thereby  enhance  
safety  and  fulfill  the  Secretary  of  Transportation's  (the  FAA  Administrator's)  responsibilities  to  
"...establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  the  national  
airspace  system."  Section  333(c)  of  the  Reform  Act.    
  
The  name  and  address  of  the  applicant  is:    

Cloud9Drones  LLC                                              

Attn:    Jacob  Rachniowski    -  Managing  Partner    Taylor  Davis  

Ph:    512-567-7351                                        Ph:    405-406-7730    

Email:    Jacob@cloud9drones.com                           Email:    Taylor@cloud9drones.com    

Address:    2606  Wilson  St.  802,  Austin,  TX,          

78704                                                         Email:    Jacob@cloud9drones.com    

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            2                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
The  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (UAS)  

C9D's  sUAS'  are  multi-rotor  aircraft,  weighing  55  or  fewer  lbs.  including  payload.  They  operate,  
under  normal  conditions  at  a  speed  of  no  more  than  50  knots,  have  the  capability  to  hover,  
move  in  the  vertical  and  horizontal  plane  simultaneously,  have  the  capability  to  return  to  a  pre-
defined  home  destination  in  case  of  communication  link  or  GPS  loss,  and  have  the  capability  to  
abort  flight  incase  of  an  emergency.  Maximum  flight  time  will  be  30  minutes  or  25%  battery  
power,  whichever  comes  first.    
C9D  intends  to  operate  the  following  aircraft:  

    1. C9D-BD  (Butterfly  Dragon)  ­  custom  UAS  
    2. DJI-S1000+  
    3. DJI  Inspire  1  
    4. 3DR  Iris+  
Details  on  the  aircraft  specifications  and  associated  manuals  are  included  in  the  additional  
documentation.  C9D  includes  custom  and  manufacturer  manuals  for  all  the  UAS'  listed.  C9D  
custom  manuals  and  procedures  will  be  applied  to  off-the-shelf  UAS'  where  applicable.  
  
C9D  will  file  a  FAA  Form  7711-1,  or  its  equivalent,  as  modified  in  light  of  the  requested  
exemption,  with  the  appropriate  Flight  Standards  District  Office.  

The  UAS  PIC  

The  UAS  PIC  will  be  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  a  commercial  pilot's  certificate  and  third  class  
medical,  in  addition  to  completing  UAS  specific  training.  The  pilot  and  observer  must  have  the  
minimum  UAS  operating  requirements  and  training  as  specified  in  the  "C9D  Operating  
Qualifications  and  Training  Manual."    

UAS  Operating  Parameters  

The  aircraft  will  operate  only  in  line  of  sight  with  an  observer,  located  over  5  nautical  miles  
from  Class  B,  C  and  D,  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  500  feet.  Details  of  the  aircraft  operation  
parameters  are  described  in  the  `C9D  Operating  Manual.'    
  
The  aircraft  will  operate  only  within  a  controlled  area,  with  the  written  consent  of  all  persons  
and  jurisdictions  involved,  as  described  in  the  `Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            3                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
Manual,'  and  the  `C9D  Operating  Manual'.  This  document  will  show  that  such  operations  will  
"not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public."  
  

Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest  

C9D's  intended  operations  are  for  inspecting  tall  structures  or  towers  that  are  currently  
inspected  using  more  dangerous  methods,  such  as  manned  aircraft  in  dangerous  proximity  to  
the  structures  under  inspection,  or  using  climbers.  C9D  also  intends  to  provide  aerial  
videography  for  the  film  and  marketing  industries,  which  currently  employ  dangerous  low  flying  
manned  helicopters  close  to  participating  subjects.  These  commercial  UAS  applications  will  
therefore  result  in  a  significant  enhancement  of  safety,  by  reducing  the  risks  associated  with  
current  inspection  and  aerial  videography  methods.  Additional  details  are  specified  in  the  
`Intended  Operations  and  Public  Interest'  manual.  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            4                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
Exemption  Requests    

C9D  includes  the  FAA  commentary  on  Astraeus  Aerial's  granted  exemption  and  the  associated  

rules  from  which  we  will  and  will  not  seek  exemption  from.  Exemption  is  sought  from  rules  that  

the  FAA  has  granted  for  similar  operations.  Exemptions  from  other  petitioners  that  have  been  

deemed  by  the  FAA  as  "Not  necessary"  have  been  included  to  demonstrate  C9D's  

understanding  of  all  the  safety  considerations.  

  

Information  below  has  been  copied  from  the  Astraeus  Aerial  Exemption  No.  11062  Grant  of  

Exemption  Document.  (Regulatory  Docket  No.  FAA-2014-0352)  

  

Relief  sought  by  petitioner  (14  CFR)      FAA  determination  (14  CFR)    
Part  21                                           Not  necessary    
45.23(b)                                            Not  necessary    
61.113(a)  and  (b)                               Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations    
91.7(a)                                             Not  necessary    
91.9(b)(2)                                          Not  necessary    
91.103                                              Not  necessary  with  conditions  and  limitations    
91.109                                              Not  necessary    
91.119    
91.121                                              Paragraph  (c)  granted  with  conditions  and  limitations    
91.151(a)                                           Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations    

91.203(a)  and  (b)                               91.151(a)(1),  day,  granted  with  conditions  and  
91.405(a)                                           limitations;  91.151(a)(2),  night,  denied    
91.407(a)(1)    
91.409(a)(2)                                        Not  necessary    
                                                      Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations    
91.417(a)  and  (b)    
                                                      Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations  

                                                      Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations;  relief  from  
                                                      91.409(a)(1)  also  granted  with  conditions  and  
                                                      limitations    
                                                      Granted  with  conditions  and  limitations    

  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            5                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
Aircraft  

  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H:  Airworthiness  Certificates  14  C.F.R.  §91.203  (a)  (1)  

Based on the limited size, weight, operating conditions, design safety features, and the imposed

conditions and limitations, C9D has demonstrated that its operations would not adversely affect

safety compared to similar operations conducted with aircraft that have been issued an airworthiness

certificate under 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, as the FAA found for Astraeus Aerial, the

requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements

of part 36, is not necessary.
  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §  45.23  (b).  Marking  of  the  Aircraft    
Since  C9D's  UAS  will  not  be  certificated  under  14  CFR  §  21.191,  a  grant  of  exemption  for  14  CFR  
§  45.23(b)  is  not  necessary,  as  the  FAA  commented  in  the  grant  for  exemption  for  Astraeus  
Aerial.  
  
C9D's  UAS'  will  be  identified  by  serial  number,  registered  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  47,  
and  have  identification  (N-Number)  markings  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  45,  Subpart  C.  
Markings  will  be  as  large  as  practicable.  
  
Exemption  Requested  From:  
14  C.F.R.  §91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (1)(2);  417(a)  &  (b):  Maintenance  Inspections    
These  regulations  require  that  C9D  "aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  
and  shall  between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  
have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter...,"  and  others  shall  inspect  
or  maintain  the  aircraft  in  compliance  with  Part  43.    
  
Maintenance,  inspections,  repairs,  record  keeping  and  technician  requirement  details  are  
documented  in  C9D's  "Maintenance  and  Inspection  Manual."  These  specifications  are  
necessary  to  ensure  that  C9D's  proposed  UAS  operations  will  not  adversely  affect  safety  in  the  
NAS  and  of  people  and  property  on  the  ground.  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            6                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
  

Pilot  in  Command  

  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.    
C9D  will  require  that  UAS  pilots  have  a  commercial  pilots  license  and  a  third  class  medical.  In  
addition  to  these  requirements,  the  PIC  will  have  to  complete  UAS  training  as  specified  in  the  
C9D  Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual.  
  

Operating  Parameters  of  the  UAS  

  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness.    
As  previously  noted,  the  petitioner's  UAS  will  not  require  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  
accordance  with  14  CFR  part  21,  Subpart  H.  Based  on  the  fact  that  an  airworthiness  certificate  
will  not  be  issued,  exemption  from  §  91.7(a)  is  not  necessary.  
  
In  accordance  with  14  CFR  §  91.7(b),  the  PIC  of  the  UAS  will  ensure  the  aircraft  is  in  condition  
for  safe  flight,  according  to  the  pre-flight  checklist  and  other  procedures  specified  in  the  "C9D  
Operating  Manual"  and  the  "Maintenance  and  Inspection  Manual."  
  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §  91.9  (b)  (2):  Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  in  the  Aircraft.    
14  C.F.R.  §91.203  (a)  and  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration.  
Based  on  the  FAA  Memorandum  subject  "Interpretation  regarding  whether  certain  required  
documents  may  be  kept  at  an  unmanned  aircraft's  control  station,"  dated  August  8,  2014,  the  
requested  relief  from  14  CFR  §  91.9(b)(2)  and  91.203(a)  and  (b)  is  not  necessary.  
  
C9D  will  keep  all  pertinent  documents  at  the  ground  control  point  where  the  PIC  is  located  and  
anyone  will  have  immediate  access  to  them  if  requested.  
  
  
  
  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            7                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §  91.103:  Preflight  action    
Before  beginning  a  flight,  the  PIC  will  take  into  account  all  pre-flight  actions  outlined  in  the  
submitted  "C9D  Operating  Manual"  and  the  "Intended  Operations  and  Public  Safety"  manual  to  
achieve  an  equivalent  level  of  safety.  
  
No  Exemption  Necessary:  
14  C.F.R.  §91.109:  Flight  instruction:    
Section  91.103  provides  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  that  is  being  used  for  flight  
instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.  The  qualifications  of  the  PIC  
will  be  based  on  their  training,  experience  and  testing  with  the  UAS  to  be  operated,  without  
requiring  fully  functioning  dual  controls.  Since  a  dual  set  of  controls  are  not  required,  no  
exemption  is  necessary.  
  
Exemption  Requested  From:  
14  C.F.R.  §91.119  (c):  Minimum  safe  altitudes    
§91.119  (c)  specifies  that  when  flying  under  an  altitude  of  500ft  in  sparsely  populated  areas  no  
aircraft  can  be  operated  within  500  feet  of  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.  As  C9D  
operations  intend  to  be  flown  within  500ft  of  participating  personnel  and  structures,  relief  is  
sought  from  this  rule.  As  specified  in  the  supporting  manuals,  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  
be  achieved  by  only  performing  operations  within  500  ft  with  the  consent  of  all  participating  
and  non-participating  persons.  Additionally,  for  any  operations  under  500  ft  from  non-
participating  persons  or  structures,  the  PIC  must  ensure  that  such  operations  will  be  safe,  all  
non-participating  persons  must  be  under  protective  barriers  or  structures,  and  the  
property/structure  owner  must  grant  permission  for  such  operations.  No  one  will  be  exposed  to  
operations  without  their  pre-obtained  consent.  The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  also  be  
achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  speed  of  the  UAS,  as  well  as  the  location  where  it  is  operated.  
No  flight  will  be  taken  without  the  permission  of  the  property  owner  or  local  officials.    
  
Exemptions  from  §91.119  (a)(b)(d)  are  not  necessary  as  per  the  FAA's  Astraeus  Exemption  
commentary.    
  
  
  
  
  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            8                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
Exemption  Requested  From:  
14  C.F.R.  §91.121  Altimeter  Settings    
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  flying  at  low  altitudes,  VLOS  with  altitude  
information  provided  by  a  digitally  transmitted  GPS  altitude  readout  on  an  on-screen  display.  
Prior  to  each  flight,  the  UAS  PIC  will  confirm  zero  altitude  for  accuracy.  
  
Exemption  Requested  From:  
14  C.F.R.  §  91.151(a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions    
Section  91.151  (a)  prohibits  an  individual  from  beginning  "a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  
conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  
to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing,  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed  ­  (1)  During  the  day,  
to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes."    
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  met  by  the  operations  specified  in  the  supporting  manuals.  
Specifically,  the  UAS  operations  will  be  conducted  in  a  controlled  environment,  limited  to  a  
500ft  radius  around  the  structure  or  point  of  interest,  with  aircraft  less  than  55  pounds,  at  
speeds  below  50  Knots,  within  VLOS.  Also,  the  aircraft  flight  will  terminate  after  30  minutes  or  
with  25%  remaining  battery  power  (whichever  occurs  first).  Similar  exemptions  have  been  
granted  for  other  operations.  
  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                            9                                                                  CONFIDENTIAL  
Summary  of  Operational  Limitations  and  Conditions  

The  following  list  is  a  summary  of  the  limitations  and  conditions  under  which  C9D  agrees  to  be  
bound  by  when  performing  commercial  operations.  Additional  details  are  provided  in  the  
various  supporting  manuals.  
  

    1. The  unmanned  aircraft  (UA)  will  weigh  less  than  55  pounds  (25  Kg),  including  batteries  
         and  payload.  Operations  will  be  limited  to  those  specified  in  the  accompanying  manuals.  
         Proposed  operations  of  any  other  aircraft  for  any  other  purpose  will  be  requested  with  
         an  amendment  to  the  requested  grant.  

    2. The  UA  will  not  be  flown  at  a  ground  speed  exceeding  50  knots.    
    3. Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  ground  level  

         (AGL).  Flights  will  be  operated  above  500  ft  for  inspections  of  structures  that  have  FAA  
         lighting.  In  these  less  common  operating  situations,  the  UAS  will  not  be  operated  over  
         10ft  above  the  height  of  the  FAA  marked  tower,  nor  will  the  UAS  operate  over  a  50ft  
         radius  from  the  center  of  the  marked  structure.  
    4. The  UA  will  be  operated  within  unaided  visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  of  the  PIC  at  all  times  
         with  a  visual  observer  (VO)  within  verbal  communication  distance.  
    5. The  manuals  submitted  and  any  additional  requirements  by  the  FAA  will  be  maintained  
         and  available  during  each  flight  and  for  any  administrative  requests.  For  any  revisions  of  
         the  manuals,  C9D  will  track  and  present  updated  and  revised  documents  to  the  FAA.    
    6. Prior  to  each  flight  the  PIC  will  inspect  the  UAS  to  ensure  it  is  in  a  safe  operational  
         condition.  If  any  inspection  results  are  negative,  the  UAS  will  not  operate  until  the  
         required  maintenance  will  be  performed.  Inspection  will  include  all  systems  required  for  
         safe  flight.  All  maintenance  and  alterations  will  be  properly  documented  in  the  aircraft  
         records.  
    7. Significant  maintenance  or  alternations  to  the  UAS  will  require  test  flights  in  a  safe,  
         controlled,  operating  environment  to  ensure  all  systems  function  safely.  The  
         Maintenance  and  Inspection  Manual  will  be  followed  and  the  operations  will  be  
         recorded.    
    8. C9D  will  follow  the  Maintenance  and  Inspection  Manual  as  well  as  the  Manuals  for  each  
         subsystem.    
    9. The  Pilot  In  Command  (PIC)  must  possess  a  commercial  pilot  certificate  and  at  least  a  
         current  third-class  medical  certificate.  The  PIC  must  also  complete  the  C9D  Training  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                          1    0                                                              CONFIDENTIAL  
    program  for  flight  skills  and  familiarity  with  the  C9D  UAS  as  specified  in  the  `C9D  
    Operator  Qualifications  and  Training  Manual'.  In  summary,  the  UAS  pilot  needs  to  have  
    completed  and  logged  a  minimum  of  200  flight  cycles  and  25  hours  of  total  time  as  a  
    UAS  rotorcraft  pilot  and  at  least  ten  hours  logged  as  a  UAS  pilot  with  a  similar  UAS  type  
    (single  blade  or  multirotor)  and  3  take  off  and  landings  with  the  specific  type  in  the  past  
    90  days,  and  has  complete  understanding  of  the  applicable  regulations,  UAS  
    characteristics,  and  procedures.  The  VO  must  have  also  successfully  completed  the  
    qualification  process.  The  completion  of  these  qualifications  will  be  recorded  by  the  
    chief  UAS  pilot  and  will  be  available  for  administrative  requests.  
10. The  UAS  will  not  be  operated  directly  over  any  person  unless  the  PIC  deems  the  action  
    safe,  required  and  has  authorized  a  participating  and  consenting  person  to  do  so.  All  
    participating  and  non-participating  persons  within  500  ft  must  have  provided  written  
    consent  to  be  within  that  radius  of  the  drone  operations.  Exceptions  may  be  made  if  
    persons  within  500ft  are  protected  by  a  structure  or  obstruction.  Details  on  these  
    operating  distances  are  specified  in  the  associated  manuals.  
11. Regarding  the  distance  from  participating  persons,  the  UAS  Operating  Manual  has  safety  
    mitigations  for  authorized  and  consenting  personnel.  At  all  times,  those  persons  must  
    be  essential  to  the  operations.    
12. If  the  UAS  loses  communications,  the  UA  will  return  to  its  home  location,  which  will  
    have  been  established  within  a  100ft  radius  of  the  tower  or  a  marked  landing  zone.  
13. If  the  UAS  must  abort  flight  in  the  event  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or  emergencies  the  
    procedures  outlined  in  the  operating  manual  will  be  followed.    
14. Each  UAS  operation  must  be  completed  within  30  minutes  flight  time  or  with  25%  
    battery  power  remaining,  whichever  occurs  first.  
15. C9D  will  obtain  an  Air  Traffic  Organization  (ATO)  issued  Certificate  of  Waiver  or  
    Authorization  (COA)  prior  to  conducting  any  operations  under  this  grant  of  exemption.  A  
    Notice  to  Airman  (NOTAM)  will  be  filed  at  least  48  hours  prior  to  the  intended  
    operation.  
16. The  C9D  UAS  will  be  identified  by  serial  number,  registered  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  
    part  47,  and  have  identification  (N-Number)  markings  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  
    45,  Subpart  C.  Markings  will  be  as  large  as  possible  and  the  information  will  also  be  
    available  by  the  PIC.  
17. C9D  will  document  and  maintain  UAS  maintenance,  alterations,  updates  and  the  total  
    time  in  service  of  the  UAS  and  batteries  as  specified  in  the  Maintenance  and  Inspection  
    Manual.  The  maintenance  and  inspection  will  be  performed  by  a  qualified  technician  as  
    specified  in  the  manual  and  logs.  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                          1    1                                                              CONFIDENTIAL  
    18. All  operations  will  comply  with  the  manufacturer  manuals,  AD's  and  update  service  
         bulletins.  

    19. Before  operations,  the  radio  frequency  spectrum  used  for  operation  and  control  will  be  
         monitored  to  ensure  that  there  is  no  interference.  A  radio  will  also  be  used  to  monitor  
         local  air  traffic  stations.  

    20. C9D  will  submit  a  Plan  of  Activities  to  the  local  FSDO  with  jurisdiction  over  the  area  of  
         proposed  operations  48  hours  before  the  activity.  The  plan  of  activities  will  include:  
                  a.  Dates  and  times  for  all  flights;  
                  b.  Name  and  phone  number  of  the  PIC  and  VO  to  be  present  during  the  
                  operation  of  the  aircraft  
                  d.  Make,  model,  and  serial  or  N-number  of  UAS  to  be  used;  
                  e.  Name  and  certificate  number  of  UAS  PIC  involved    
                  f.  A  statement  that  C9D  has  obtained  permission  from  property  owners  and/or  
                  local  officials  for  the  proposed  activity  
                  g.  Signature  of  exemption-holder  or  representative  
                  h.  Description  of  flight  activity  and  the  exact  affected  airspace  

    21. All  manuals,  including  the  documents  required  under  14  CFR  §§  91.9  and  91.203  will  be  
         available  to  the  PIC  at  the  Ground  Control  Station  of  the  UAS  any  time  the  aircraft  is  
         operating.  These  documents  will  be  available  to  anyone  upon  request.  

    22. The  UAS  will  give  right  of  way  and  remain  clear  of  all  other  air  traffic  by  landing  
         immediately  upon  any  audible  or  visual  identification  of  nearby  aircraft.  

    23. Operations  will  not  be  conducted  at  night.  All  operations  will  be  conducted  under  visual  
         meteorological  conditions  (VMC).    

    24. The  UAS  will  not  be  operated  by  the  PIC  from  any  moving  device  or  vehicle.    
    25. The  UA  will  not  be  operated  less  than  500  feet  below  or  less  than  2,000  feet  horizontally  

         from  a  cloud  or  when  visibility  is  less  than  3  statute  miles  from  the  PIC.    
    26. The  UA  will  not  operate  in  Class  B,  C,  or  D  airspace  or  within  5  nm  of  any  airport  without  

         written  approval  from  the  FAA.    
    27. Any  incident,  accident,  or  flight  operation  that  transgresses  the  lateral  or  vertical  

         boundaries  of  the  operational  area  as  defined  by  the  applicable  COA  will  be  reported  to  
         the  FAA's  UAS  Integration  Office  (AFS-80)  within  24  hours.  Accidents  will  be  reported  to  
         the  National  Transportation  Safety  Board  (NTSB)  per  instructions  contained  on  the  NTSB  
         Web  site:  www.ntsb.gov.  Further  flight  operations  will  not  be  conducted  until  the  
         incident,  accident,  or  transgression  is  reviewed  by  AFS-80  and  authorization  to  resume  
         operations  is  provided.    
  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                          1    2                                                              CONFIDENTIAL  
Summary  for  Publication  in  the  Federal  Register  

  
Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  the  following  summary  is  provided  for  publication  in  the  Federal  
Register,  should  it  be  determined  that  publication  is  needed:    
  
C9D,  developer  and  operator  of  sUAS'  under  55  pounds,  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  following  
rules:  

         14  C.F.R.  §91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (1)(2);  417(a)  &  (b);  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.119  (c);  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.121;  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.151(a);  
to  allow  commercial  operation  for  the  inspection  of  towers/tall  structures  and  for  videography  
for  film  and  marketing  purposes,  so  long  as  such  operations  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  
safety  and  will  be  conducted  within  and  under  the  conditions  outlined  in  this  exemption  
request,  the  supporting  documents,  or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  
333.  The  requested  exemption  would  permit  the  operation  of  small,  unmanned,  and  
inexpensive  sUAS'  under  controlled  conditions  that  will  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  
or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  security.  The  controlled  operations  of  small,  slow,  
limited,  low  altitude  UAS,  will  provide  safety  enhancements  to  the  existing  methods  of  
inspection  and  videography,  which  endanger  human  lives.  
  
  
  
  
  

   Cloud9Drones.com                                                                          1    3                                                              CONFIDENTIAL  
