July 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12174
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1851

Mr. Mark E. McKinnon
Counsel for Cable News Network, Inc.
McKenna Long & Aldridge
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Mr. Matthew J. Clark
Counsel for Cable News Network, Inc.
McKenna Long & Aldridge
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. McKinnon and Mr. Clark:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated May 11, 2015 and July 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Cable News Network, Inc. (CNN) (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, aerial videography, and closed-set motion picture
and television filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
                                                                                                                 2

delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment from an individual in support of the petition made to the docket.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3DR Solo, AirRobot AR180, DJI Inspire 1, DJI
Phantom 2 Vision, and Altus Delta X-8.1

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming.2 The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

1 The petitioner also proposed to operate the Drone Aviation Corporation's Watt 200 ETAP and the CyPhy
Works Persistent Aerial Reconnaissance and Communication System (PARC), which are tethered unmanned
aircraft. The FAA is reviewing the aircraft separately to evaluate the risk associated with tethered UAS
operations and to determine whether any additional mitigations are necessary. The FAA will issue its decision
after completing its assessment of that portion of the petitions. No further action will be required by the
petitioner.
2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cable News Network, Inc. (CNN) is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cable News Network, Inc. (CNN) is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR Solo,
         AirRobot AR180, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, and Altus Delta X-8 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.
                                                                                                            4

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.
                                                                                              5

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a

    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in

    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.
                                                                                                            6

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.
                                                                                               7

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Albany                             1676 International Drive · Penthouse                                   Northern Virginia
Atlanta                                       McLean, VA 22102                                               Orange County
                                               Tel: 703.336.8800
Brussels                                       mckennalong.com                                           Rancho Santa Fe
Denver                                                                                                             San Diego
                                           May 11, 2015
Los Angeles                                                                                                   San Francisco
Miami                                                                                                                    Seoul
New York
                                                                                                           Washington, DC
Mark E. McKinnon
703.336.8708                                                                                           Email Address
Lisa M. Ellman                                                                  mmckinnon@mckennalong.com
202.496.7184
Matthew J. Clark                                                                     lellman@mckennalong.com
703.336.8714                                                                          mclark@mckennalong.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

                  Re: Petition of Cable News Network, Inc. (CNN) for Grant of Exemption Pursuant to
                          Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom it May Concern:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Cable News Network, Inc. (CNN), hereby applies for an exemption
from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) identified below, to operate small unmanned
aerial vehicles (i.e., small unmanned aircraft systems or UAS) for aerial data collection. The
data will be used in support of CNN's newsgathering and reporting activities. CNN respectfully
submits that this Petition for Exemption qualifies for approval, as the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) has previously issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all
material respects to those presented herein.

         In addition to this Petition for Exemption, CNN will also submit the following supporting
documents (hereinafter referred to as "operating documents"):

 CNN UAS Operations Manual           Drone Aviation Corp. Watt 200 ETAP
                                        Manual
 3DR Solo Aircraft Description and
    Operations Manual

         CNN submits these materials as confidential documents under separate cover pursuant to
14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as the materials contain confidential commercial and proprietary
information that CNN has not and will not share with others. The information contained in these
documents is not generally available to the public and is protected from release under the
Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.

                  For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 2

I. Background & Description of Petitioner
II. Description of Proposed Operation

III. Relevant Statutory Authority
IV. CNN's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of the Reform

         Act
         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational

                  Capability
         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions in CNN's Operating

                  Documents

V. Regulations From Which Exemption Is Sought

         A. 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements

         B. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
                  Inspections

         C. 61.113, 61.101(e)(4) and (5): Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and
                  Limitations

         D. 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         E. 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 91.203(a) and (b):
                  Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         F. 91.103: Preflight Action

         G. 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         H. 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes Over Other Than Congested Areas

         I. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         J. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

VI. Drug and Alcohol Program

VII. Public Interest

VIII. Privacy

IX. Federal Register Summary

X. Conclusion
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 3

I. BACKGROUND & DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         CNN Worldwide is a portfolio of two dozen news and information services across cable,
satellite, radio, wireless devices and the Internet in more than 200 countries and territories
worldwide. Domestically, CNN reaches more individuals on television, the web and mobile
devices than any other cable TV news organization in the United States. Internationally, CNN is
the most widely distributed news channel reaching more than 271 million households abroad.
CNN Digital is a top network for online news, mobile news and social media. Additionally,
CNN Newsource is the world's most extensively utilized news service partnering with hundreds
of local and international news organizations around the world. CNN is a division of Turner
Broadcasting System, Inc., a Time Warner Company.

         A vital aspect of media production is new and interesting understanding of everyday
events. Production companies go to considerable effort and expense to place cameras on
airplanes and helicopters to show audiences a "bird's eye view" establishing shot. News
production is no different, and news stations often use helicopters to report on news events.
While effective in obtaining aerial imagery, manned aircraft are expensive to operate and
difficult to coordinate on short notice. A UAS can perform these tasks more effectively, and
with less risk and expense, making it feasible for mobile news vans to be equipped with them
for on-the-spot aerial coverage.

         CNN recognizes that UAS will have an enormous impact on news production, and for
that reason, CNN has been actively involved in efforts to evaluate the technology, personnel and
safety needs to operate UAS effectively in the national airspace system (NAS). CNN and
researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have entered into a joint a Cooperative
Research and Development Agreement (CRDA) with the FAA to advance integration of UAS
into the NAS for newsgathering and reporting. The research initiative aims to better understand
the opportunities UAS present for media organizations, and to explore the access and safety
issues that need to be addressed as part of any new regulatory framework. Consistent with these
continuing efforts to develop new and innovative ways for media outlets to safely and effectively
use UAS, CNN seeks an exemption to operate UAS for aerial data collection in support of its
newsgathering and reporting activities.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a), CNN provides the following information in
support of its Petition for Exemption.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

         Emily Avant, Counsel
         Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.
         One CNN Center, Suite NT1305B
         Atlanta, Georgia 30303
         Phone: (404) 827-5962
         Fax: (404) 878-5213
         Email: emily.avant@turner.com
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 4

II. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATION

         CNN seeks an exemption pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act to use a number of
different UAS. Most of these UAS have already been approved for commercial use in other
Grants of Exemption, including the AirRobot AR180, DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision.
CNN also seeks permission to utilize the 3DR Solo and the Drone Aviation Corporation's Watt
200 ETAP. As set forth below, these vehicles meet the criteria established in Section 333 of the
Reform Act and are suitable platforms for the conduct of aerial photography and videography in
support of the television, print and online news industry.

         CNN is committed to maintaining the highest standards of flight safety, and has
experience conducting UAS operations abroad. CNN will leverage its knowledge and
experience to create the safest possible American UAS operation. As part of these overseas
operations, CNN has a well-defined system of operating procedures and crew standards that are
incorporated into CNN's Remotely Piloted Aircraft System (RPAS) Operations Manual. CNN
has used this RPAS Operations Manual as the core of its American UAS Operations Manual.
This Manual has been further refined to address the unique aspects of UAS flight in the United
States. All UAS operations will be performed in accordance with the accompanying CNN
operating documents, and in accordance with the requirements of an applicable Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA).

         The proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption are not new or novel to the FAA.
The FAA has previously issued grants of exemption to use small UAS for aerial data collection
in support of similar newsgathering and reporting activities, including:

     Exemption No. 11406 to Stringer New Services for conducting aerial photography/
         videography for the television, print and online news industry (See Docket No. FAA-
         2015-0135); and

     Exemption No. 11408 issued to Arrowdata, LLC to conduct electronic news gathering
         (See Docket No. FAA-2015-0131).

         The low-risk UAS operations proposed by CNN in this Petition for Exemption fall
squarely within the category of aerial data collection that has been subject to previous approval.

III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY

         This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the
Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the
NAS where it is safe to do so based on the following considerations:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 5

          Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§ 44701(a), (b) and
§§ 44702 ­ 44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81
(petitions for exemption).

IV. CNN'S PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 333 OF
         THE REFORM ACT

         CNN's proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited approval
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, as each of the statutory criteria and relevant factors
are satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         The FAA has already determined that three of the vehicles chosen by CNN meet the
requirements of Section 333 of the Reform Act: the AirRobot AR180, DJI Inspire 1 and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision.

         The AirRobot AR180 is a battery operated quadcopter with an airframe weight of 6 lbs
and a maximum gross takeoff weight of 14 lbs (including battery and payload). The AR180
measures 75 inches in diameter and has a maximum operating ground speed of 28 mph. The
UAS uses two separate radio links for command control uplink (200 MHZ to 928 MHZ) and
video/data downlink (1.2--5.8 Ghz). The FAA previously issued a grant of exemption allowing
BNSF Railroad Company to operate the AirRobot AR180 for conducting railroad infrastructure
inspections.1 The FAA's analysis of the vehicle identified specific characteristics of the
AirRobot AR180 that warranted its approval:

         "Each of the petitioner's UA weighs less than 19 pounds. The pilot and crew will
         be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight and construction
         reduces the potential for harm to persons or damage to property in the event of an
         incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or
         accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for the proposed operation.2"

The FAA also found that the AirRobot AR180's safety features would provide an equivalent
level of safety compared to conventional aircraft performing similar functions:

1 Exemption No. 11206 (see FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0704).
2 Exemption No. 11206 at pg. 4.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 6

         "The petitioner's UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing
         certain in-flight contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to
         maintain UAS stability and control. The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of
         GPS or a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight
         maneuver. These safety features provide an equivalent level of safety compared
         to a manned aircraft holding a restricted airworthiness certificate performing a
         similar operation."3

         Similarly, the FAA has previously determined that a grant of exemption is appropriate for
operations conducted using the DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 2 Vision (including the
Phantom 2 and Vision+ models), due to their size, weight, speed, and operational capability. See
e.g.:

     Exemption No. 11406 to Stringer News Services (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+);

     Exemption No. 11398 to Ventus Wind, LLC (DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1);

     Exemption No. 11394 to Cirrus Exploration Company (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
         Inspire 1);

     Exemption No. 11224 to NextEra Energy, Inc. (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
         Inspire 1);

     Exemption No. 11218 to Saratoga Aerial Vehicle (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+);

     Exemption No. 11230 to Montico, Inc. (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+);

     Exemption No. 11228 to Steven Zeets (DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+).

         Specifically, the FAA has found the following characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision and DJI Inspire 1 to warrant approval for a grant of exemption:

     The DJI Phantom 2 Vision weighs less than 3 lbs (including the battery).

     The DJI Inspire 1 weighs less than 6 lbs (including the battery).

     Maximum flight speed for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision is 15 m/s (29 knots).4

     Maximum flight speed for the DJI Inspire 1 is 22 m/s (~43 knots).

     Both the DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 2 Vision have the capability to operate safely
         after experiencing certain in-flight contingencies or failures and use an auto-pilot system

3 Id. at pg. 5.
4 Exemption No. 11195 to FalconSkyCam at pg. 10 (See Docket No. FAA-2014-0884).
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 7

         to maintain UAS stability and control. The UAS are also able to respond to a loss of GPS
         or a lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver.
         These safety features provide an equivalent level of safety compared to a manned aircraft
         performing a similar operation and mitigate the risk of command and control link
         failures.5 The Inspire 1 also has geofencing capabilities to ensure the aircraft remains
         within a defined area of operation.

     Altitude information will be generated by equipment onboard the UAs as specified using
         GPS triangulation, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any
         combination thereof. This information will be transmitted to the pilot via telemetric data
         feed.

     The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS comply with the
         Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") and other appropriate government
         oversight agency requirements. Both UAS operate within the 2.4 GHz frequency band.

         In addition, CNN requests permission to operate two vehicles that have not been subject
to previous Grants of Exemption: the 3DR Solo and the Drone Aviation Corporation's Watt 200
ETAP. These vehicles warrant approval for a grant of exemption.

         The 3DR Solo is a battery powered quadcopter with a gross takeoff weight of 3.75
pounds. The airframe, including rotors, has a span of 26.2 inches. The UAS uses a command
and control link for telemetry and video operating on 2.4 Ghz with 11 channel hopping to ensure
reliability. The vehicle has a maximum ground airspeed of 30 knots, with a cruising ground
speed of 5 knots. In addition, the vehicle includes a number of enhanced safety features,
including:

     A choice between automatic and manual take-off and landing.

     A sophisticated system of computer assisted navigation and flight management.

     Altitude is determined based on a combination of barometers and inertial navigation.

     The ability to both return to home or return to a predetermined point that has been
         preselected as free from obstructions or hazards.

     The ability to set custom battery charge warning levels and to set either an automatic
         return to home or return to a preset location in the event of a low battery.

     Tactile feedback in the controller when warnings are given to alert the pilot to certain
         conditions such as low battery.

     Programmable geo-fencing capabilities allowing the creation of a virtual "safety fence."

5 Id. at pg. 3.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 8

         The Watt 200 ETAP is a unique vehicle that draws its power from equipment on the
ground. It has an empty take-off weight of 16 pounds, with a maximum take-off weight of under
22 pounds. The vehicle employs eight electric motors in a quadcopter layout. The vehicle also
has the following safety features:

     The tether is made from a Kevlar armored structure that has a breaking point in excess of
         600 pounds of force.

     The vehicle is controlled through signals transmitted through the tether and is therefore
         immune to lost link.

     The maximum altitude of the vehicle can be preset through customizing the tether length,
         and the controller know the altitude based on the amount of tether released, making the
         vehicle immunize from issues related to GPS signal reliability.

     Because the vehicle's power is supplied by the tether, a fly-away event is impossible. In
         the unlikely event the tether is broken, the aircraft institutes an immediate auto-landing.
         The vehicle is equipped with sufficient battery power to safely conduct this maneuver.

     The vehicle is able to automatically compensate for an engine failure and land safely.

         If a full-sized helicopter were used to report similar news events, the aircraft's take-off
weight would likely exceed 6,000 pounds. The difference in weight between Petitioner's
extremely lightweight UAS (which carry no passengers, crew, or flammable fuel) and a
conventional aircraft significantly reduces the potential harm to the participating and non-
participating individuals or property in the event of an accident or incident.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions in CNN's
                  Operating Documents

         CNN's operating documents contain all the procedures and limitations necessary to
safely and successfully perform the proposed operations. To expedite the FAA's safety
assessment of CNN's proposed UAS operations, CNN has tailored its operating documents to
comply with the conditions and limitations imposed on similarly situated petitioners seeking to
use small UAS for aerial data collection. Below is a summary of operational limitations and
conditions to which CNN will adhere, and which will ensure an equivalent or higher level of
safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AirRobot
                  AR180, DJI Inspire 1, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, 3DR Solo and Watt 200 ETAP
                  when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
                  any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
                  exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 9

         2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
                  not permitted.

         3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour).
                  The exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to
                  determine compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA
                  be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed
                  recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
                  level (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

         5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
                  times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
                  device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
                  medical certificate or U.S. driver's license.

         6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated
                  within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO
                  may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains
                  VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all
                  times. Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations.
                  The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her
                  designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can
                  perform the duties required of the VO.

         7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
                  operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                  exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                  documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                  Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                  limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
                  documents, the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be
                  followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its
                  operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents.
                  It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and
                  revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
                  request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it
                  petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator
                  determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA
                  granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for an amendment to its
                  grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
                  contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating
                  documents.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 10

         8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
                  operation require a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations
                  under this exemption. Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC
                  with a VO and must remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional
                  test flight must be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard
                  to persons and property.

         9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that
                  it is in a condition for safe operation.

         10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine
                  the UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account
                  for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment.
                  If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
                  aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
                  performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

         11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
                  replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
                  components.

         12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
                  safety bulletins.

         13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
                  commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also
                  hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license
                  issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession,
                  or the Federal government. The PIC must also meet the flight review
                  requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated
                  on his or her pilot certificate.

         14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
                  ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will
                  be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers
                  and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
                  structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a
                  manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training
                  the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and
                  determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent
                  with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted under the
                  terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted
                  during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-
                  building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 11

                  nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
                  nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

         15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
                  All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
                  Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

         16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point
                  (ARP) as denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for
                  airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on
                  the current FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with
                  that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to
                  the exemption holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must
                  be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
                  request.

         17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
                  horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
                  PIC.

         18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
                  pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

         19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
                  emergencies.

         20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
                  forecast weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to
                  conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or
                  with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

         21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA).
                  All operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                  exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
                  operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

         22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
                  serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
                  identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45,
                  Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

         23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the
                  UAS and any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be
                  available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
                  aircraft is operating. These documents must be made available to the
                  Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 12

         24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
                  activities at all times.

         25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

         26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
                  persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                           persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
                           operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                           protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                           protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
                           immediately in a manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons;
                           and

                  b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                           permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a
                           safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and
                           determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

                  The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
                  nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

         27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
                  permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                  Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
                  obtained for each flight to be conducted.

         28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
                  boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be
                  reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
                  Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
                  per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS SOUGHT

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act, including UAS, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.6

6 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 13

         CNN seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 45, 61
and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using small UAS, including:

              FAR                                          Description
                           Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements
91.9(c); 45.23(b) and
45.27(a)

91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);   Maintenance and Inspection Requirements
91.409(a)(1) and (2);
91.417(a) and (b)

61.113; 61.101(e)(4) and (5) Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and Limitations

91.7(a)                    Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

91.9(b)(2); 91.203(a) and  Carrying Aircraft Flight Manual, Certification and Registration in
(b)                        the Aircraft

91.103                     Preflight Action

91.109(a)                  Flight Instruction

91.119(c)                  Minimum Safe Altitudes Over Other than Congested Areas

91.121                     Altimeter Settings

91.151(a)                  Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Listed below are the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and
the operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level
of safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.7

         A. 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and Identification
                  Requirements

         CNN seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

7 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or
         how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided
         by the rule from which you seek exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 14

     14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
         provides that:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
         identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

     14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
         number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
         experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
         on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
         not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
         "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

     14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

         Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
         surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

         In prior grants of exemption under Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA determined
that exemption from these requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have
identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C if the
markings are as large as practicable."8 All UAS flown by CNN will bear N-number markings
that are as large as practicable in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C.9

         B. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance
                  Inspections

         CNN seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in 14
C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations
specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43.10 An exemption
from these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS to be operated under this grant of exemption will not
have.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the operating documents and any required manufacturer Safety

8 FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.
9 See, e.g., FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at 14.
10 See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have
the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections ...have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.").
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 15

or Service Bulletins. Further, as required by the operating documents, the PIC will conduct a
pre-flight inspection of the UAS and all associated equipment to account for all discrepancies
and/or inoperable components. Maintenance will be performed and verified to address any
conditions potentially affecting safe operation of the UAS and no flights will occur unless, and
until, all flight critical components of the UAS have been found to be airworthy and in a
condition safe for operation. A functional test flight will be conducted following the
replacement of any flight-critical components. As required by the operating documents, the PIC
who conducts the functional test flight will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the
flight.

         The operating documents also include requirements to follow the UAS manufacturer's
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
aircraft components. Moreover, the operating documents also include procedures to document
and maintain a record of the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of Petitioner's UAS. As a
whole, the maintenance and inspection procedures required by Petitioner's operating documents
ensure that an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

         C. 61.113, 61.101(e)(4) and (5): Private and Recreational Pilot Privileges and
                  Limitations

         CNN seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot certificate
holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second class
medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC
matches the airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the
private pilot is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UAS will be
operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo.

         In the Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial11, the FAA determined that the
unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the
additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC to have a Commercial Pilot
Certificate and Class II Medical Certificate. The fulfillment of the additional requirements for a
private pilot to become qualified as a commercial pilot would not lead to any additional safety
benefits when UAS operations are involved.

         More recently, the FAA determined that holders of recreational and sport pilot
certificates would also have adequate aeronautical knowledge to pilot a UAS. Accordingly,
because these individuals would also be subject to security screening by the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS), the FAA determined that holders of recreational and sport pilot
certificates would be qualified to serve as the PIC for UAS operations.12

11 FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.
12 See Grant of Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (Docket No. FAA-2014-0642 at pgs.
8-9).
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 16

         The restrictions Petitioner has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the
restrictions similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial and other operators in more recently granted
exemptions under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act. CNN will operate away from persons
and property that is not the subject matter of the flight. CNN will also require all PICs to be
thoroughly trained in the unique aspects of UAS flight. As set forth in the operating documents,
pilots will have experience not only in UAS operations generally but have logged flight time in
the specific make and model used for the operations before they are permitted to participate in
commercial flights on behalf of CNN. The pilot qualification, training, and currency
requirements in the operating documents ensure that CNN's pilots are competent and proficient
in the UAS they are operating. The Petitioner's training and qualification requirements are
consistent with those contained in prior FAA-issued grants of exemption, and will provide a
higher level of competency and proficiency for its pilots and will ensure at least an equivalent
level of safety.

         D. 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Inasmuch as there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS, CNN seeks an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be in an airworthy
condition to be operated. While the petitioner's UAS will not have an airworthiness certificate,
the FAA has determined that for the purposes of this exemption the pilot may determine the
aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to flight. The operating documents contain procedures
which allow the PIC to determine whether the aircraft is in a condition safe for flight, and an
exemption from § 91.7(a) is therefore warranted.

         E. 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 91.203(a) and
                  (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         Title 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) and § 91.203(a) and (b) require the operator to carry
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals onboard the aircraft.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­
         ...

         2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of
         this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or
         any combination thereof.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless
         it has within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 17

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

         Given the small size and configuration of the UAS, it would be impossible to keep
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is simply no
room and the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by
Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight
manual, registration certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station
from which he or she is operating the aircraft.13 As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion
clarifies, the intent of the rule is to ensure the pilot has access to these key documents during
flight. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring that the pilot has
access to the documents at the ground control station from which he or she is piloting the UAS.14

         F. 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight Manual is required.

         Adherence to the requirements in the operating documents will ensure that the UAS is in
an airworthy condition prior to flight. The PIC will perform a series of checklists designed to
identify any defects or inoperable components, which cover pre-flight, take-off, landing and
post-flight procedures. The PIC will also be required to review weather, flight requirements,
battery charge, landing and takeoff distance, UA performance data, and contingency landing

13 Memorandum from Mark Bury, FAA Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law,
Legislation and Regulation, to John Duncan, FAA Flight Standards Service (Aug. 8, 2014); see
also Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 16-18.
14 See also Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. at pg. 11:

         The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight
         manual, marking, and placard requirements and § 91.203(a) and (b): Civil
         aircraft: Certifications required. The FAA has previously determined that relief
         from these sections is not necessary. See Exemption No. 11062. Relevant
         materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the
         regulations.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 18

areas--before initiation of flight. Petitioner's operating documents will be kept at the ground
control station and will be accessible to the PIC at all times while operating the UAS.

         G. 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides in pertinent
part that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being
used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UAS and
remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight
control is accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. Accordingly, an exemption will be required for the flight instruction
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a).

         Given the size and speed of the UAS that Petitioner intends to use, an equivalent level of
safe training can still be achieved without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard
the UAS, and as required by the operating documents, all persons will be a safe distance away in
the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction. Moreover, all flight
training will be conducted in controlled and sterile environment. As a whole, the procedures
provided for in the operating documents ensure that UAS flight instruction can be performed
safely.

         H. 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes Over Other Than Congested Areas

         CNN requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119(c).15 Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c).

         An exemption is required because the proposed UAS operations will normally need to
occur below 400 feet AGL. Additionally, due to the nature of the proposed operations, the PIC
and/or Observers may need to be less than 500 feet away from the UAS. Compared to flight
operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum weights proposed herein, and
given the lack of flammable fuel with the UAS, any risk associated with these operations is far
less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UAS, as well the controlled location where the operations will occur. In order to avoid any risk
to manned aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to below 400 feet AGL. As set forth in the
operating documents, the UAS will be operated in a controlled environment, and all flights will

15 Relief from § 91.119(a) will not be necessary because Petitioner will be able to perform an
emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the ground in the event of a
failure. Petitioner's proposed UAS operations will not occur over congested areas, and therefore
an exemption from § 91.119(b) will not be necessary. See e.g., Grant of Exemption No. 11157
to Slugwear, Inc., dba Likeonatree Aerial at pg. 15 (Docket No. FAA-2014-0534 ).
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 19

occur at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from nonparticipating persons, unless that person is
in a position where he or she is shielded from the UAS and any possible debris resulting from
UAS failure. Procedures will be in place to ensure flight operations can be safely terminated if a
nonparticipating person within 500 feet of the UAS leaves a shielded position. Further, UAS
operations will occur at least 500 feet away from vehicles or structures unless the property
owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
operating closer to those objects, and operations near the PIC or Observer will not present an
undue hazard per § 91.119(a). Adherence to these restrictions in CNN's operating documents
will ensure the proposed operations can be conducted without compromising safety to persons or
property on the ground.

         I. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         To the extent necessary for CNN to conduct the proposed operations, Petitioner requests
an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the
departure airport or barometric pressure.

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.121 can be achieved in circumstances where: (1) the UAS will be operated 400 feet AGL or
below, (2) within VLOS, (3) where GPS based altitude information is relayed in real time to the
operator at a ground-based on-screen display and, (4) where prior to each flight, a zero altitude
initiation point is established for the PIC to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS.16

         The UAS that Petitioner intends to use for performing the proposed operations meet all
these operational characteristics. Moreover, the operating documents require the PIC to calibrate
the aircraft's GPS compass prior to each flight operation. As the FAA has determined in
circumstances similar to this Petition for Exemption, Petitioner's UAS and the safety mitigation
procedures contained in the operating documents, ensure that an equivalent level of safety will
be achieved, and a grant of exemption to the requirements of § 191.121 is therefore
appropriate.17

         J. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         CNN requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

16 See Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (FAA-2014-0352 at 21).
17 It should be noted that the 3DR Solo employs a barometric altimeter, so no exemption is
needed from this section for that vehicle.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 20

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30-minute battery reserve. An
exemption from the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is therefore required.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from the fuel requirements of § 91.151(a) for
flight in daytime VFR conditions in circumstances similar to those presented in this Petition for
Exemption.18 In Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc.19, the FAA determined that a
requirement prohibiting the PIC from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there was enough available power for UAS to operate for the
intended operational time and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
power recommended by the manufacturer if greater, would ensure an equivalent level of safety
to the fuel requirements of § 91.151(a).20 Petitioner's operating documents impose this same
requirement and an exemption from § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions
is therefore appropriate.

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         CNN will have policies in place to ensure that no person may participate in UAS flight
operations if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

VII. PUBLIC INTEREST

         The public interest will be served by granting CNN's Petition for Exemption. Congress
has established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in controlled,
safe working environments such as those proposed in this Petition. Granting this Petition for
Exemption helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform
Act--the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may operate safely in the
NAS before completion of the statutorily required rulemaking.

         More importantly however, and as recognized by the FAA in prior grants of exemption
allowing commercial operation of UAS for purposes similar to those described herein, granting
the requested exemptions will significantly improve safety and reduce risk by alleviating the
public's exposure to danger and emissions associated with using manned aircraft to perform
equivalent aerial data collection. Petitioner's UAS are battery powered and create no emissions.
Moreover, in the unlikely event that one of Petitioner's UAS crash, there is no fuel to ignite and

18 See e.g., Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673.
19 Docket No. FAA-2014-0642.
20 Exemption No. 11213 at pg. 12.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 21

explode. Any accident involving Petitioner's lightweight UAS will present significantly less
danger to the pilot and other individuals on the ground than one involving a full size aircraft.

         Beyond increased levels of safety, the public stands to benefit enormously from the news
media's use of UAS. UAS offer a unique, safe, low cost method of obtaining an aerial
perspective on an area or events. From the printing press, to the internet, and everything in
between, new technologies are often used to advance and protect the public's First Amendment
rights by enhancing access to important information. Like the technologies that came before it,
UAS offer an alternative means to gather and disseminate news and other important information
in situations where it would be too unsafe or cost prohibitive to fly a conventional helicopter.
The public as a whole will benefit from the increased access to information that UAS can bring
to newsrooms across the country.

VIII. PRIVACY

         Maintaining an ethical balance between citizens' right to a private life and the right to
freedom of expression is an essential component of CNN's operating procedures and
commitment to responsible journalism. All UAS operations under the exemption will be
conducted in accordance with applicable federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy.

IX. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         The following summary is provided pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules in Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations:

         45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.113; 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c); 91.103;
         91.109(a); 91.119(b); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
         91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with using conventional fixed-wing aircraft or,
rotorcraft for aerial data collection in support of news gathering operations.

X. CONCLUSION

         CNN's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of the
Reform Act of 2012, including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and
populated areas, operation within VLOS and national security. The proposed operations in this
Petition for Exemption are similar to those in previously issued grants of exemptions, and they
would benefit the public as a whole by improving safety. In consideration of the foregoing, this
Petition for Exemption provides the FAA with all the necessary justification for issuance of a
Grant of Exemption allowing CNN to use small UAS for aerial data collection in support of its
newsgathering and reporting activities.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 11, 2015
Page 22

         We thank you for your prompt consideration of our requested exemptions. Should you
have any questions, or if you need additional information to support the requested exemptions,
please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned.

                                                               Very truly yours,

                                                               Lisa M. Ellman
                                                               Mark E. McKinnon
                                                               Matthew J. Clark
                                                               Counsel for Cable News Network, Inc.

Attachments

(The following attached items will be submitted under separate cover as they contain proprietary
   and commercial information exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act,
  5 U.S.C. § 522 et seq., and should be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)).

Attachments:

 CNN UAS Operations Manual

 3DR Solo Description and Operations Manual

 Drone Aviation Corporation Watt 200 ETAP Operating and Maintenance Manual

DC 51227068.1
