August 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12447
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0812

Mr. Donald K. Wirthlin
Cochise College
4190 West Highway 80
Douglas, AZ 85607

Dear Mr. Wirthlin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cochise College (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct training1 and
demonstrations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Prioria Maveric.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, Cochise College is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cochise College is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Prioria Mavcric
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
    COCHISE COLLEGE

         4190 West Highway 80 ·Douglas, AZ 85607-6190 · 520-364-7943 . www.cochise.edu

                                                                                                   Donald K Wirthlin
                                                                                               wirthlin@cochise.edu

March 26, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         RE: Exemption Request under Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform
                   Act of2012 and 14 C.P.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R Parts 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R.
                   61.113(a)&(b); 14 C.P.R. 61.133(a); 91.7(a)&(b); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b);
                   91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
                   91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 ("FAA Reform
Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Cochise Community College District, also knovm as "Cochise
College", requests exemptions from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and
discussed in Appendix A to allow Cochise College to conduct commercial operations with
Prioria's Maveric small Unmanned Aircraft System ("sUAS") (the "Maveric") to provide,
among other things, commercial operations of its Aircraft for training and demonstrations in
remote and rural areas of the United States, as further defined herein, by a Pilot in Command
holding, as minimum, a private pilot certificate.

Cochise College has an approved COA (2014-WSA-188-COA) for this sUAS.

Cochise College is a Public Entity of the State of Arizona and resides within Cochise County.
Cochise College has been in existence for 50 years and has had an Aviation Training Department
for 47 of those years. Cochise College has shared our runway (P03) and student training
operations with UAS operations for approximately 27 years to date. The U.S. Army's RQ-5
Hunter System has been tested and evaluated in the same environment with our student training
operations without incident or accident between manned and unmanned operations during these ~-~~
27 years. Operations with manned and unmanned systems is not new to our daily operations.
 Page 2 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 All participants know and understand the regulatory requirements and Safety requirement to
make these daily operations Safe. The community is committed to safety with each flight.

 Cochise College requires that each UAS student be a U.S. citizen, have in their possession a
valid Private Pilot certificate, be current in manned aircraft, have a third class medical prior to
the flight phase ofthe training program and be cleared through TSA.

Cochise College will put SOP's in place to instill safety protocols and controls to avoid and
prevent public hazards, as well as manned aircraft hazards/catastrophe. Cochise College will
utilize the UAS Risk Assessment Matrix prior to daily flight operations.

                                              Applicant Information:

The name of the applicant is:

Cochise College

The contact for this application is:

Cochise College
Address: 4190 West High Way 80,
Douglas, AZ 85607
Attn: Director of Aviation Programs
Belinda Burnett
Ph: (520) 417-4029
Fax: (520) 417-4090
Email: burnettb@cochise.edu

Primary POC and UAS instructor:

Cochise College
Address: 4190 West High Way 80,
Douglas, AZ 85607
Attn: Don Wirthlin
Certificate number, 2781713 ATP, CFII
Ph: (520) 417-4092
Fax: (520) 417-4090
Email: wirthlin@cochise.edu

Cochise College would welcome the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address
any issues or concerns related to this proposal that they believe may require modification.
Page 3 of 20
March 26, 2015

                             Exemptions Requested

Cochise College does not believe that it needs an exemption from 14 C .F.R. §§
because the Maveric's flight manual, airworthiness exemption, maintenance records, and
registration certificate will be maintained near the pilot's in commands (PIC) control station
(Aircrew Flight Stations). Should the FAA determine that an exemption is required, Cochise
College respectfully requests one on the basis that similar exemptions have been granted on

nwnerous occasions. See Exemptions 8607, 8737, 9299, 9565, 9665, 9789, 9797 10167, 10602,

10700, and 32827.

Cochise College requests exemptions from the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. Part 21;           (Aircraft certification requirements)
14 C.P.R. 45.23(b);          ("N" nwnbers and markings)

14 C.F.R . 61.113(a) & (b);  (Private pilots operating for hire)

14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);         (Commercial pilots as related to above)
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) & (b);     (Civil aircraft airworthiness)
14 C.F .R. 91.9(b)           (Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements)
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);         (Dual controls for instruction)
14 C.P.R. 91.119;14;         (Safe altitudes over obstacles)
14 C.F.R. 91.121;            (Altimeter Setting)
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);         (Fuel minimwn)
14 C.P.R. 91.203(a) & (b);   (Maintenance inspections)
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);         (Maintenance related)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(l);      (Maintenance related)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);      (Airworthy certificates)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a);         (Maintenance record keeping)
 Page 4 of20
 March 26, 2015

            The Extent of relief Cochise CoUege seeks and the Reason they Seeks Such
                                                         Relief:

 Prioria Robotics ("Maveric")

  The battery-powered Maveric weighs 2.6 pounds, has a wingspan of 39.2 inches, and a length of
 29.7 inches, and has a flight time of 40-75 minutes depending on operating conditions, can
 operate in temperatures ranging from -22°F to 122°F. It employs a self-stabilizing aircraft
 configuration with stability augmentation avionics that provides ease-of-control and steady video
 imagery. Its high-performance design leverages advanced composite materials, innovative
electronics, and cutting-edge sensor technology to increase mission capabilities and make
 Maveric a reliable and accurate solution to meet a variety of industry needs. The Maveric has
operated in the United States under two Certificate of Waiver or Authorizations ("COAs").

 Certificate Waiver or Authorization 2014-WSA-1 88-COA, issued to Cochise College, Certificate of

 Waiver or Authorization 2011-ESA-26, issued to the Department ofEnergy Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and
 Certificate ofWaiver or Authorization 2012-WSA-53, issued to Oregon State University.

Additionally, the Maveric has received operating approvals in Canada and Australia, and has
been operated by the U.S. Army. Operations under the exemption will be conducted under the
limitations and conditions set forth in Appendix B and as may be modified by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

The Maveric is capable of transmitting live airborne video images and location information to a
Ground Control Station ("GCS"). The Maveric's minimum cruising speed and maximum speed
are 18 Knots and 55 Knots, respectiYely. Normal cruise speed is 26 knots. The Maveric is hand-
launched.

The Maveric can operate safely in the National Airspace System ("NAS"), without posing a
threat to national security, by operating in accordance with the requirements discussed herein.

The Prioria Maveric's capabilities, along with Cochise College's long experience to date, make it
ideally suited to conduct commercial operations such as Training Pilots to operate UAS in the
NAS, agriculture, aerial surveying, and patrolling in remote areas (i.e. non-congested or sparsely
populated areas, private or controlled-access property) under Class G airspace and within Visual
Line of Sight ("VLOS"). Use of the Maveric reduces the need to operate manned aircraft,
decreasing the risk to the pilot, crew, and those on the ground, as the Maveric is carried to the
site and not flown there with a load of flammable fuel.

As a result of the Maveric's size, weight, maximum speed, operational capability, and safety
record; the distance at which it will operate from populated areas; and its operation using visual
observers to provide de-confliction from other air traffic. The Maveric does not create a hazard
to users ofthe NAS or the public. Neither does it pose a threat to national security. Therefore, we
request the FAA grant Cochise College the requested exemptions. Alternatively, ifthe FAA
finds that modification of Cochise Community College's application is required for safe
operation ofthe Maveric in the NAS, Cochise College requests that the FAA delineate the
 Page 5 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 required modifications and either process Cochise Community College' s application as if the
 modifications were already made or allow Cochise College to amend its application to
 incorporate the FAA's fmdings.

                                          Airworthiness of the sUAS

 The Maveric has been shown to be airworthy and compliant through a history of granted flight
 operations in the United States, Canada, and Australia and successful flights in all three
 countries. The U.S. Military has accepted the Maveric for use as well and has flown it since 2011
 in places like Afghanistan. Globally, the Maveric has amassed over 4,000 flight hours. For
additional safety, the Maveric is equipped with automated features that ensure safe takeoff,
flight, and landing in many conditions, further details of which are provided in Appendix C.
In support of this application, Cochise College will submit, under separate cover and with a
request for confidentiality, the Maveric Operator's Manual ("Operator's Manual") ifrequested.

                                             Operating Conditions

Cochise College requests an exemption subject to the conditions listed in Appendix B, which are
substantially similar to the operating conditions required for the FAA's previous grants of
exemptions under Section 333.

In accordance with the conditions approved in previous exemption grants, Cochise College is
requesting authority to operate the Maveric within visual line of sight and below 400 feet AGL
except as provided by FAA Air Traffic Control via COA. Given that the training sites are flat,
Cochise College will use the elevation of the highest predominant terrain within 1 mile of the
launch point and within the visual line of sight as a ground reference point to establish the 400
feet ceiling. In other words, Cochise College will not operate the Maveric any higher than 400
feet above the highest point within 1 mile from the launch point, and will only do so provided the
UAS is within the line of sight. These operating conditions, along with those listed in Appendix
B, would provide an equivalent level of safety for the reasons described below.

The Maveric is visible up to 2,000 meters (1 .24 miles) in a clear sky, making the selection of the
predominant terrain within 1 mile ofthe launch point as a ground reference a logical and easily
manageable reference.

         Reasons Why Cochise College's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety
  Or How the Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

Cochise College's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons
stated permitting Cochise College to log more flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with
communication with the FAA, will allow Cochise College to contribute to the innovation and
implementation ofnew and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols for students that can
be embraced by the FAA and NTSB for development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition,
Cochise College, submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography for student training:
 Page 6 of 20
 March 26, 2015

      · VAS weighs less than 2.6 pounds complete with a small ultra-light weight high quality
           camera;

      · Operate the VAS below 400 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set by the
          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012);

      · Cochise College's VAS only operate for 30-45 minutes per flight;
      · Students/Flight Instructor land the UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum

          level of battery power;

          The aircraft is piloted by VAS ground control station or through remote control and only
          operates by visual line of sight;

      · The aircraft and ground control station has GPS, utilizing a flight safety feature whereby
          it Returns Home and then automatically lands if communication with the GCS or remote
          pilot control is lost;

     · Cochise College actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to
          constantly update and enhance safety protocols;

     · Cochise College only operates in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled,
          are away from power lines, elevated lights, and actively populated areas; Students
          conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries
          primary importance;

     · Cochise College always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
          procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

     · Cochise College will also train Visual Observers (VO's) as crew members to enhance
          safety.

     · Cochise College will conduct "Crew Briefings" prior to each training period.

Cochise College's safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing rules.
It is important to note that airplanes and helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and
photography for community awareness and pilot training. While the safety record ofsuch aircraft
is remarkably astounding, it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra-light weight VAS.

First, the potential loss of life is diminished because VAS's carry no people on board and
Certified Flight Instructors/students only operates the VAS in specific areas away from mass
populations.

Second, there is no fuel on board a VAS and thus the potential for fue or explosions is greatly
diminished.

Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability ofthe VAS allow Certified Flight
Instructors/students to remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.

Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images, the
VAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused on instead of flying the UAS and use
post editing software for pan and zoom functions.
 Page 7 of20
 March 26, 2015

Accordingly, the UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency and will
 continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

       In summary, Cochise College seeks an exemption from the following Regulations:

 14 C.P.R. 21, subpartH; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.P.R.§ 91.7 (a);
 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.P.R.§ 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. §
91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.P.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14
C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to
commercially operate Cochise College's small lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in Pilot
training, community awareness, agriculture operations and demonstrations. Currently, Pilot
training, area awareness and aerial videography/photography relies primarily on the use of larger
aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting Cochise
College's request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety. The
Maveric aircraft does not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more
maneuverable than conventional aircraft. Further, Cochise College will operate at lower altitudes
and in class G airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established air fields.
Cochise College, has been informally analyzing flight information and will compile safety
protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for Flight Training usage that
exceeds currently accepted means and methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information
shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying
vvith the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012. There are no personnel on board the
Cochise College's UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is
significantly diminished. Cochise College's operation of the UAS, weighing less than 2.6
pounds and traveling at lower speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of
safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly Cochise College, respectfully request
that the FAA grant this exemption request and is willing to cooperate in sharing information to
benefit the FAA, safety ofmanned aircraft, and the general public at large.

Director of Aviation Programs
Cochise Community College
4190 West Highway 80
Douglas, AZ 85607
Page 8 of 20
March 26, 2015

                APPENDIX A

   EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Cochise College requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the Maveric sUAS:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

Part 21 , Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by§ 91.203(a)(l). Given the size and
weight of the aircraft, the operating conditions, design safety features, and the proposed
conditions and limitations, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness process
under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 . Section 333 and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft
from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration ofthe size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the sUAS
involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. The
Maveric weighs 2.6 pounds fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot, passenger or flammable fuel.
The Maveric operates exclusively within a controlled area pre-disclosed and in compliance with
conditions set forth herein. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be
tightly controlled and monitored by the PIC and observer(s), pursuant to the conditions set forth
in Appendix B, the Operator's Manual, and local public safety requirements. The FAA will have
advance notice of all operations through the filing of NOTAMs. The lack of flammable fuel and
the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all establish the equivalent
level of safety. The sUAS provides at least an equivalent level of safety to that of such operations
being conducted with conventional aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would
be carrying passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of the Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. These UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin,
cockpit or on board pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch
lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller than minimal
lettering requirement. Cochise College will mark its UASs in the largest possible lettering by
placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" and theN number on its fuselage as required by 14
C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting as a spotter with the UAV v.ill see the
 Page 9 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions
 Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

 Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.

Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the Maveric is remotely
controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. The area of operation is controlled
and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the
Operator's Manual. In conjunction with the required training ofthe PIC and observers, the level
ofsafety provided by the requirements included in the Operator's Manual exceeds that provided
by a single individual holding a commercial pilot certificate operating a conventional aircraft.

Cochise College, can operate at an equivalent level of safety as required by current Regulations,
because the UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, a licensed private pilot will
ensure regulations and piloting skills are maintained. The risks to the operation of the UAS is far
less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, Thus,
allowing Cochise College to operate the UAS and meet or exceed current safety levels in relation
to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

U C.lf.:R. § 6l.l33 ComnH!l'c.ial pilot· tu·ivih.lges ~md llmitafion~.

(n) .PriPilegt!S-
(1) Geuerill. A p~r:::;on \\ho holds a ~omrnercial t>ihi. ..xri.ificat~ 111rry <iri. a'S pilot in command of
an aircr3fc-
(i) Car1·yi.1g p.m:ous Oi property for compensation or hire, pruvici~d the per~on is qualified in
accorda.ace v.:ith this p.art and with the applicabL~ parts ofthi'i chapi.er ".hat appiy to the operation;

and

(ii) For con:pcnsation or hire, proYid.!d the p.:rson is 4ualiiie<.i in acrordanct-with this pari. anJ
with the applic~bk parts of this ch.~tptt!!: that apply t0 th·~ ope··:::..tioil.

Cochise College, can operate at an equivalent level of safety as required by current Regulations,
because the UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, a licensed private pilot will
ensure regulations and piloting skills are maintained. The risks to the operation of the UAS is far
less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, Thus,
allowing Cochise College to operate the UAS and meet or exceed current safety levels in relation
to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

Section 91.7(a) prohibits an individual from operating a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
condition. No FAA standard exists for determining an aircraft's airworthiness when an
 Page 10 of20
 March 26, 2015

 airworthiness certificate is not issued. As the FAA has done \\i.th previous exemption grants,
 airworthiness will be ensured and an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by compliance
 with the operating documents prior to every flight.

 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard r equirements

 Section 91.9 (b) (2) requires, No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircra:ft-
 (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by§ 21.5 ofthis chapter,
 unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcra:ft Flight Manual,
 approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

 As there are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size ofthe UAS's, this Regulation is
 inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining all safety/flight
 manuals delineating areas ofwhere safety can be defined at the Pilot control station. The FAA
has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding
altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes electronic global positioning
systems with a barometric sensor.

l ·J C.li'.R . § 91..109 .F'li:Jh t ins truction; Simulated h~sh·ument flj;~JJt au d ,.,,~·taiu mght <!sf's.

s ~c)ion !) J. .1 r,9 Flight instruction; ~irhulat.;!ti instru.r.:lent flight J~lrl CC11ain flight tests.
( Oi.) "'"\: , pi.!rsnn may opera!\.! a civil ai:crafi: (exc.~pt a manned fr.;c i.>alloon) t!u:~t is bcir.g used for
-:light ins~rl!.::tiun unl~ss that aircraft has fully fun0tic·ning dual CO!l.trc ls. Hoh'ev~r. instrltment
flight iustrut;tion may be giv·m in an ~irplan() that i::: ...:'{uipped Vvith a singl~, ft:n.ctioning throw
ov~_:r cor:.~r-.:>1 wl:..d that ClJ:i.rtrols the dl!vator and ailerons, in pl3Ce of iix~d, ducl contt'ols,

when-- ·
(1) 'I hi! instructo: has J.etcrminwJ ·that th.: flight Carl b Cf:>nCUCkd safdy; and

(2) The person P1Wi!Julating the .-;ontr0ls has at least a j)ri·:atc pilot ccrtificat~ w ith apprup;:iatc
category :u~cJ d ass ratings.

Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the Maveric is remotely
controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. As there are no on board pilots or
passengers, and given the size ofthe UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, Section
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Because
some ofthe training and survey work must be accomplished at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL
and nonparticipating Cochise College employees/students will be working within 500 feet of the
sUAS, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because Cochise College's employees/students
are required to be part ofthe training program and because the Maveric, given its size, weight,
 Page 11 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 speed, and materials, does not pose a serious risk. Also, every flight will be conducted over land
 owned or controlled by Cochise College. Because Cochise College will notify its
 employees/students in adYance of Maveric operations, all effected individuals will be aware of
 the flights. Compared to operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than
 2.6 pounds and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be far less
 than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL.

 14 C.F.R. § 121: Altimeter Setting

 Section 121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference
to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but
instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption is required. An equivalent level ofsafety will be
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Operator's Manual, confirming the altitude ofthe
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point ofintended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The Mayeric batteries provide approximately 40·75 minutes of powered flight. Without an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, the Maveric's flights would be limited to approximately 10
minutes in length because the PIC would require the last 30 minutes to satisfy section 91.151(a).
Given the limitations on its proposed operations, a longer time frame for flight in VFR
conditions is reasonable.

Cochise College believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) provides an equivalent
level of safety and is consistent with prior exemptions. Operating the sUAS, without 30 minutes
of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.15l(a) was meant to prevent
given the size and speed at which the sUAS operates. In the unlikely event that the sUAS battery
runs low, it would simply follow the pre-programmed command to land at a designated location.
Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current
regulation.

Cochise College believes that an equivalent or enhanced level of safety can be achieved by
maintaining 10 minutes of reserve power which, allowing at least 30 minutes offlight time, if not
more, would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.

1-J C.l?.R. § 91.203 CjyiJ '\.]r,!raft: Cet·tiflc:ati ons required.
 Page 12 of 20

 March 26, 2015

 § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations. As
 there are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
 inapplicable. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required
 certifications, Exemptions, SOP's, and registrations by Cochise College at the Pilot control
 station.

 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a): Maintenance Inspections

 Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
 prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
 paragraph (c) ofthis section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 ofthis
 chapter." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43. Section
 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate.
 Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance
work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and
records of approval ofthe aircraft for return to service.

Pre-flight checks will be performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at predefined
intervals as part ofthe maintenance schedule.

The pre-flight checklist includes:
1. Visual inspection ofthe airframe;
2. Visual inspections ofpropeller;
3. Verify GPS acquisition;
4. Plan and upload mission;
5. Video and payload check;
6. Controls check;
7. Gyro/control surfaces check;
8. Throttle check;
9. Check Pitot tube readings;
10. Check sensors; and
11 . Verify fail safes are set correctly.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS will carry no external payload,
will operate only in restricted predetermined areas, and is not a complex mechanical device. In
addition, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight,
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed. Moreover,
the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft
in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety. The Operator's Manual will
have instructions to develop and document maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection
requirements. In the absence of Prioria requirements, and procedures to document and maintain
maintenance records for the sUAS Cochise \\ill develop standard practices and procedures.

The sUAS maintenance guidelines provide an equivalent level ofsafety to the maintenance
requirements in Part 91.
 Page 13 of20
 March 26, 2015

                                                   APPENDIXB

                         COCHISE COLLEGE OPERATING LIMITATIONS

 1) Operations authorized by the grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft: Prioria's
 Maveric, which weighs less than 5 kg.

 2) The sUAS shall not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 60 kts.

 3) The sUAS \\ill not be operated at an altitude more than 400 feet above the highest
predominant terrain except as may be provided by FAA Air Traffic Control ("ATC") via COA.
 The highest predominant terrain is the defmed as terrain within 1 mile ofthe launch point and
 within the visual line of sight ofthe PIC. All altitudes reported to ATC shall be in feet AGL.

 4) The sUAS must be operated within visual line of sight of the PIC at all times. This requires
the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as
specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

5) All operations must use aVO. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate Yerbally at all
times. The PIC must be designated before the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can
perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

6) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a conflict exists between the
conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
documents, the conditions and limitations in the exemption take precedence and must be
followed. Otherwise, Cochise College must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
documents. Cochise College may update or revise its operating documents. It is Cochise
College's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the
Administrator upon request. Cochise College must also present updated and revised documents if
it petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of exemption.

7) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the sUAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe
flight. The PIC shall not operate the aircraft ifthe inspection reveals a condition that affects the
safe operation of the sUAS until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the sUAS is
found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be
included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alternations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any sUAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation or
flight characteristics (e.g., replacement of a flight critical component) must undergo a functional
test flight in accordance with the Operator's Manual. The PIC who conducts the functional test
flight must make an entry in the aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures
for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry shall be included in the Operator's Manual.

9) The pre-flight inspection must account for all discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components,
items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.
 Page 14 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 10) Cochise College must follow Prioria's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
 replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

 11) Cochise College must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
 requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, alterations,
 and status ofreplacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft records,
 including total time in service, description ofwork accomplished, and the signature ofthe person
 authorized to return the sUAS to service.

 12) Each sUAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
 Bulletins.

 13) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class
 medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 C.F.R.
 § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

 14) Cochise College may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the sUAS in a manner
consistent with how the sUAS will be operated under this exemption, including eYasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and
structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent
with 14 C.P.R. § 61.51(b). The PIC must ensure that the VO is trained appropriately in order to
fulfill his or her duties. A record of training and qualification must be documented and made
available upon request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's
PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the terms of
this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training
sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential
for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with
appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with these operating conditions.

15) Operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All operations
must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions ("VMC"). Flights under special visual
flight rules ("SVFR") are not authorized.

16) The sUAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted
on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as
required by Cochise College's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must
be made available to the Administrator upon request.

17) The sUAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18) If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS must return to a pre-
determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with
the Operator' s Manual.

19) The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the Operator's Manual.
 Page 15 of 20
 March 26, 2015

 20) sUAS operations must be completed within flight time as prescribed by the manufactures
 operators manual.

 21) Cochise College must obtain an ATC-issued COA prior to conducting any operations under
 this exemption. This COA will also require the filing of the NOTAM not more than 72 hours in
 advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation, or if this exemption allows for a
 shorter notification.

 22) All aircraft operated in accordance with the requested exemption must be identified by serial
 number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
 markings in accordance with 14 C.P.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings shall be as large as
 practicable.

 23) The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the sUAS must comply with
 Federal Communication (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

24) The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
the Ground Control Station of the sUAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents shall
be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

25) The sUAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and
activities at all times.

26) The sUAS may not be operated from any moving device or vehicle.

27) The sUAS may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

28) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
vessels, vehicles, structures, and public access roads unless:

          a. The nonparticipating persons are authorized to access Cochise College, have received
         Cochise College's safety Briefing;

         b. For non-participants who do not qualify as Cochise College employees/students,
         barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect them from the sUAS and/or
         debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
         who are not Cochise College employee/students remain under such protection. If a
         situation arises where nonparticipating persons who are not Mine Parties leave such
         protection and are ·within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations must cease immediately;
         or

         c. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller
         of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a
         safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
         does not present an undue hazard.

29) Operations nearer than 500 feet to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons as
defined in the operating documents are permitted if those operations do not present an undue
hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a) as determined by the PIC.
Page 16 of 20
March 26, 2015

30) All operations must be conducted over private or controlled-access property.

31) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be reported to the FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
www.ntsb.gov.
Page 17 of20
March 26, 2015

                APPENDIXC

SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION

sUAS Operating Overview: The Maveric is a fixed-wing aircraft constructed ofa rugged
carbon fiber composite with bendable wings that requires no assembly. It has fully autonomous
operation for takeoff, navigation, and landing.
Page 18 of 20

March 26, 2015

------ - . . - - - - -......-----------~~--~· -          --- --------:·!
                      Pammeter

____ _ - -·r--· ·---·- -
Wingspan                           ,_... , Cha:acwri.:.ttc
                                                                 '""
                                   29.5 in

Length                             26.5 in

Weight, with EO side-look payload  2.6lbs

Wireless Range                     5-15 km LOS

Cruise Speed (Best Endurance)      26 kts (30 mph)

Dash Speed                         55 kts (63 mph)

Stall Speed                        18 kts (21 mph)

Max wind                           20 kts sustained, 30 kts gusting

Precipitation                      Light rain (0.1 inches per hour)

Flight Duration                    45 - 70 minutes

Tum Rate                           360 degrees in 12 seconds

Climb Rate                         500 ftlmin@ 2,000 AMSL

Launch                             Hand launch, tube launch optional

Landing                            Deep-stall, skid, net optional

Flight Control                     Autonomous or manual

Exterior Lighting                  Visible and IR Strobe Lights

Command and Control Frequency      350 MHz, 900 MHz

Video Bands                        1.7 GHz, 2.4 GHz

The sUAS can be operated in fully autonomous flight modes. Creating pre-planned flight paths
to fly in autonomous mode is as simple as clicking on the map to create a pre-planned flight path.
Pre-mission waypoints, landing zone points, and flight area dimensions can all be entered during
preflight, ensuring the sUAS operates only within specified parameters.

The Maveric includes many advanced safety features that makes it the safest choice for areas like
Cochise College's. Built-in intelligent fault handling allows the sUAS to detect a system fault
while in the air, and to automatically respond with a set command (one such option being to fly
back to a pre-selected rally point and land). Faults that can be detected include: loss of
communication, loss of GPS, and low battery levels. In addition, the operator can create no fly
zones, and the system will visually and audibly warn the operator if the planned flight path
would enter the no fly zone.
 Page 19 of20
 March 26, 2015

 Operator's Manual- The Maveric Operator's Manual will be provided under separate cover
 with a request for confidential treatment.

 Power - The Maveric and its ground control station are both powered by a Lithium polymer
 rechargeable battery pack. A new battery has a fully charged voltage of approximately 12.4V. A
"full-pack" has a capacity of4 Amp-hours. An additional "half-pack" can be installed for
 extended operation. A new "half-pack" has a fully charged voltage of 12.4V and a capacity of
2 Amp-hours. The Maveric's battery charge is displayed in real-time on the ground control
terminal, ensuring maximum flight duration and safety.

Takeoff and Landing style/type - The Maveric is hand launched and can be tube launched with
additional equipment. The Maveric lands by returning to a pre-determined rally point and
beginning a spiral descent. Once it reaches a pre-selected altitude, it heads toward the landing
waypoint, descending until it lands and skids to a stop.

Navigation System- Specific maps can be downloaded to the display screen (such as air
sectional and geographic maps) which are overlaid with GPS positional data. Waypoints can be
created before and during flight operation creating specific locations and sequences for the
aircraft.

Defmed "Keep Out" Areas - The navigation software allows for preplanning Keep Out Areas
that allow the operator to designate airspace he or she does not want the Maveric to enter. If
defined flight paths pass through an area designated as keep-out, the individual waypoints and
waypoint connection segments turn red as a warning. Additionally, if a mission is uploaded and
intersects with a keep out area, a warning is presented to the user. Also, if an aircraft in flight is
navigated into a designated keep out area, an audible warning is sounded.

Maintenance - The Maveric sUAS needs very little maintenance, and operators may perform
most required maintenance in the field with the field repair kit.

Command and Control Systems - The sUAS Ground Control Station (GCS) allows the
operator simultaneous control over aircraft and payloads. The display screen provides all
essential flight data to the operator. Telemetry data is transmitted to the command station at least
once per second.

         Displayed on GCS:
         · Current position
         · Registered home position
         · Any autopilot flight plans
         · Registered emergency landing zone
         · Aircraft attitude
         · Altitude
         · Airspeed
         · Groundspeed
         · Compass reading/heading
         · Estimated wind heading
Page 20 of 20
March 26, 2015

          · Communication strength
          · Range from home
          · Bearing from home
          · Duration ofcurrent mission
          · Rate of climb
          · Mode ofthe aircraft
          · Battery level

Emergency Procedures and System Failures

Loss ofLink - The sUAS does not need constant signal from the GCS to continue flying.
Communications outages are detected by the system and are reported to the PIC. During the
communication outage, the sUAS continues on its pre-determined flight path until a failsafe is
triggered. Once a failsafe is triggered, the sUAS will perform in accordance with the failsafe
conditions uploaded before launch. This is accomplished without input from the operator.

Security

The system and communication links may be encrypted.
