June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11833
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1121

Mr. James D. Blondheim
Coleman Engineering Company
635 Circle Drive
Iron Mountain, MI 49801

Dear Mr. Blondheim:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Coleman Engineering Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, videography, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                                2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Coleman Engineering Company is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Coleman Engineering Company is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                   April 13, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Petition of Coleman Engineering Company for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Dear Madam/Sir,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
("Reform Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Coleman Engineering hereby applies for an
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations identified below, to allow
commercial operations of small unmanned aerial vehicles.

This exemption is made based on information outlined in this petition, as well as the
accompanying DJI Phantom 2 Operators Manual (Appendix B) and the Coleman Engineering
Operational Limitations (Appendix C). The DJI Phantom 2 UAS was selected because it has a
proven capability for controlled flight as well as a gyro stabilized flight mode, GPS aided
navigation, a compass, blinking LED's on the bottom, a failsafe mode for returning home, and
prop guards. These devices are offered for general sale around the world and have often been
used as Model Aircraft in the USA.

The Requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using the DJI Phantom 2 for
mapping and surveying applications. These operations will be subject to strict operating
requirements defined in the user manual and conditions defined by the Safety Code of the
Academy of Model Aeronautics (see Annex B), in order to ensure at least an equivalent level
of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts.

Specifically, the UAS is:

  A lightweight (< 7.0 lb gross weight with all on-board equipment), battery operated 4-
  motor rotorcraft in the form of a quadcopter that takes off and lands vertically,
  manufactured by DJI, Model Phantom 2 , with the following equipment:

     An on-board flight computer with GPS navigation and location ability that
         receives signals for flight controls from a ground-based transmitter/controller;

     An on-board camera capable of capturing imagery in the form of full color, high
         definition still photos and video;

     An on-board telemetry system that delivers flight data from the on-board flight
         computer to the on-board radio transmitter including altitude AGL, horizontal
         and vertical speed, compass direction of flight and direction back to its launch site;
     A 600mW, 5.8GHz on-board radio transmitter that transmits live video from the on-
         board camera plus all the flight data from the telemetry system described above;

   The Ground Station Includes:

     A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from
        beginning to end and who controls the UAS while in the air;

     A 100mW, 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control
        the UAS while in flight;

     A radio receiver receiving live video and flight data from the on-board
        camera and computer projects it all together onto a screen for the PIC to
        view during flight;

     A Visual Observer (VO) is a person who provides a second pair of eyes to
        visually track the UAS while in flight.

Proposed Operations

     Coleman Engineering intends to use UAS in two general areas. First, Coleman Engineering
     seeks an exemption to perform video filming and photographing by air for public and private
     use. The purpose of this photography will be to aid in topographic mapping of ground based
     features on the earth. Second, it will employ UAS's to inspect land, residential, commercial,
     industrial structures and property.

     Specifically, Coleman Engineering will use UAS's that are equipped with cameras and
     sensors in order to engage in the following commercial activities:

            (a) Taking photographs to support professional operations in engineering, land
            surveying, architecture, real estate and other related professional activities.

            (b) Inspections by air of agricultural areas.

            (c) Inspections by air of infrastructure such as bridges, highways, electrical installations,
            dams, aqueducts, photovoltaic power stations, wind farms and pipes. These inspections
            will only be done under contract with the owners or with any local government authority.

            (d) Inspections by air of land and residential, commercial and industrial structures,
            only under contract with the owners or with any local government authority.

            (e) Inspections by air to detect sources of pollution and gas emissions, under contract
            with the owners in the area or with any local government authority.

            (f) Support provided to search and rescue operations and reconnaissance in cases of need,
            emergency or natural disasters and only when government authorities have requested it by
            contract or donation.
 Relevant Statutory Authority

     This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the FAA
     Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA "to safely
     accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system."
     Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit unmanned aircraft
     systems to operate in the National Air Space ("NAS") where it is safe to do so based on the
     following considerations:

                   · The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

                   · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

                   · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

     Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the agency's
     safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
     exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
     Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from§§ 44701(a), (b) and§§
     44702-44716,et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption:
     (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety
     (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. §
     11.81 (petitions for exemption).

Coleman Engineering's Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of the
Reform Act

     Coleman Engineering's proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited
     approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria and
     relevant factors are satisfied.

Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational Capability

   Coleman Engineering will employ the DJI Phantom 2 quadcopters for the operations specified in
   this Petition for exemption. The Phantom 2 UASs have a maximum take-off weight of less than 7
   pounds, the flight speed will not exceed 35 miles per hour, and it will not be flown in controlled
   airspace or at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL. All flights will be flown in such a way that they
   can be safely terminated with a reserve battery power of 25% of the battery's maximum charge. The
   DJI Phantom 2 UAS do not carry any flammable propellant or fuel. The Phantom 2 UAS also has
   an integrated GPS system that calculates the UAS's position and height and relays that information
   via a secure connection to the operator. Additionally, the Phantom 2 UAS contain a failsafe mode if
   its connection to the remote control is lost, and this system permits the UAS to return to a
   predetermined location and land without injury or damage.

Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in the Operations
Manual.

   Colman Engineering's Operations Limitations and the DJI's operators manual contain all of the
   procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the operations specified in this Petition
   for Exemption. (Appendices B & C).
 Public Interest

     The public interest will be served by granting Coleman Engineering's Petition for Exemption.
     Congress has established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS's into the NAS in
     controlled, safe working environments such as those proposed in this Petition. In addition, the
     public also has an interest in reducing the hazards associated with alternate methods of conducting
     similar operations. Currently operations are conducted using teams that physically climb onto
     structures using ladders, using low flying helicopters or aircraft, or simply not available by
     traditional means. By using UAS, exposure to physical hazards will be reduced of conducting the
     operation while remaining safely on the ground.

     Additionally, Coleman Engineering's intended uses for the UAS's have identifiable safety benefits
     that include reducing the danger and emissions associated with full size helicopters. UAS have no
     fuel to ignite or explode, no crew, adds a greater degree of flexibility which supplements the current
     capabilities offered by manned aircraft, and public interest for a ground impact of a small lightweight
     UAS is further minimized from an ecological and safety standpoint.

 Federal Register Summary

     Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
     Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

     Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from the following rules:

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b)

     The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
     owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work with
     conventional aircraft, rotorcraft, or other methods.

 Conclusion

     Coleman Engineering's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section
     333 of the Reform Act of 2012 including weight speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports
     and populated areas, operation within visual line of sight and national security. Additionally, the
     Petition provides more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions to permit
     Coleman Engineering to operate the selected UAS for the operations specified herein.

     Granting the exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in several ways, including (1)
     significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human exposure to danger, and (2)
     improving the quality of services and decreasing operating costs compared with conventional flight
     operations.

     With the advent and availability of this technology surveying and mapping functions are changing
     from a traditional ground based operations to the aerial platform. Coleman Engineering will have the
     ability to collect a tremendous amount of data in a small fraction of the time that would be needed
     for ground based efforts. As project sizes increase, the savings to both Coleman Engineering and our
     Clients will increase greatly. The cost of purchasing our DJI Phantom 2 is next to nothing in
     comparison to that of a traditional manned aircraft. A major advantage of the low operational
     expenses is that Coleman Engineering can provide these aerial acquisition services at a much lower
     cost to the consumer while remaining competitive and profitable. This will in turn lead to economic
     growth and stability at a local, state and federal lever.

     Coleman realizes that other survey and engineering firms have already been granted an exemption to
     use there UAS for commercial purposes, as shown in FAA exemption No. 11266, Docket No. FAA-
     2014-0733 & FAA exemption No. 11285, Docket No. FAA-2014-1015 & FAA exemption No.
     11299, Docket No. FAA-2014-1008 & FAA exemption No. 11302, Docket No. FAA-2014-1032.

     With the DJI Phantom 2's small and lightweight design it can be assembled and deployed in a
     manner of only a few minutes once the survey crews arrive on site. It will perform its mission
     effectively and efficiently and land directly at our feet. The data we collect will be able to be
     processed immediately. All of these factors prove to be a huge benefit to the consumer, and help
     advance the land surveying profession to a whole new level.

Very Respectfully,
James D. Blondheim
635 Circle Drive
Iron Mountain, MI 49801
jblondheim@coleman-engineering.com
(906) 774-3440
                                                Appendix A

   The regulations from which the exemption is requested are listed below. Beside each
   regulation number is the page of the attached Appendix A upon which each may be found
   together with our proposed equivalent level of safety for each regulation:

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b)

 Exemptions Requested

   The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
   statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under§
   40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards when the
   Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.

   Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 27,
   45, 61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using a UAS. Listed below are the
   specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought:

 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H - Airworthiness Certificates

   The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made under
   the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when compared to
   aircraft normally used for the same application. (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-
   2014-0352). These criteria are met, and therefore no exemption is needed.

        Equivalent Level of Safety

       The UAS selected by Coleman Engineering is safe when taking into account their size, weight,
       speed, and operational capability. The UAS weighs less than 7 pounds and will be flown at less
       than 35 miles per hour and completely outside controlled airspace. Additionally, the UAS carry
       neither pilots nor passengers, carry no explosive materials and or flammable liquid fuels, and
       operate exclusively within the parameters stated in the Operator's Manual and Operations
       Limitations.

       Operations under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by the operator and will be
       conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of
       operation. Coleman Engineering will also, if necessary, provide the FAA with advance notice of all
       operations via NOTAMS and in coordination with the local FSDO. In all cases, the UAS operated
       under the proposed conditions will be at least as safe as, or safer than, conventional rotorcraft operating
       with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS
       operations.

   14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft

       14 C.P.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of normal
       category rotorcraft. To the extent that Coleman Engineering UAS would otherwise require
       certification under Part 27, we seek an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards for the same
       reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
   14 C.F.R. §§45.23(b), Display of marks; general

      These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number
      in letters at least 2 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
      "EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or
      pilot station. The UAS does not have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be
      placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA.

      Coleman Engineering proposes to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word
      "EXPERIMENTAL" as large as practicable on the top of the aircraft, where the PIC, VO and
      others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the
      designation. Finally, the ground station will display a high contrast flag or banner that contains the
      words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the aircraft
      will operate within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone that
      observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

      In a previous Grant of Exemption, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined
      that exemption from these requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have
      identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R part 45, Subpart C if the
      markings are as large as practicable."

14 CFR § 61.113 (a) and (b); 61.3 (c,2-v): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations, Medical
Certificate

      In addition, Coleman Engineering seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R § 61.113, which restricts private
      pilot certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and which would also require
      a second class medical certificate. The purpose of this section is to ensure the skill and competency
      of any PIC where the aircraft is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the UAS
      will be operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo. In the
      Grant of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined that the unique
      characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the additional cost
      and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC to have a commercial pilot certificate and class II
      medical certificate. Additionally, instead of having a second or third class medical, we suggest that
      the PIC exercise the privileges similar to that of a sport pilot, requiring only a valid US driver's
      license.

      Safety Mitigation

      Coleman Engineering seeks to ensure safe operation by ensuring that any PIC is thoroughly
      versed in airspace and communication issues pertaining to all aircraft operators but also in the
      unique aspects of UAS flight.

      We believe the combination of aeronautical knowledge, UAS airmanship skills, and verification
      through remaining current is a sufficient method to evaluate a pilot's qualifications, given that
      operations will be conducted within the limitations outlined in this petition. Like with any required
      skill, the more flight time the PIC gains, the more proficient the PIC becomes.
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

 Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft
 be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-
 0352) that no exemption is required to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found
 inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

 Given its size, configuration, and load capacity, the Phantom 2 has no ability to carry such a manual
 on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is simply no room or
 capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

 Safety Mitigation

 The safety related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by maintaining the
 Phantom 2 Manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the Phantom 2 will have
 immediate access to it. Accordingly, we request an exemption from § 91.9(b) (2)'s flight manual
 requirements, on the condition that the Phantom 2 flight manual be available at the point of control
 during each operation.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

   Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.103, which requires a PIC to
   become familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in
   the FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
   information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
   FAA-approved Flight manual is required.

   Safety Mitigation

   An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations Manual and
   flight manual provided by the manufacturer. The PIC will take all required preflight actions,
   including performing all required checklists and reviewing weather, flight requirements, battery
   charge, landing and takeoff distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing areas
   before initiation of flight. The Operators Manual and Operational Limitations will be kept at
   the ground station with the operator at all times.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

   Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that
   "no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for
   flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UAS and remotely
   piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control
   is accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via radio
   communications.
   Safety Mitigation

   Given the size and speed of the UAS employed by Coleman Engineering, an equivalent level of safe
   training can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the
   UAS, and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS encounters any
   difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, we will conduct flight training at our Research and
   Development test sites, which are located on our own property. These training flights will be
   conducted in a sterile area and will otherwise comply with the provisions in the Operator's Manual
   for flights at the R&D facility. The FAA has stated (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352) that no
   exemption is required.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

   Coleman Engineering requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
   C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft
   may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel,
   vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d)
   allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated
   "without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the
   helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopter by the
   FAA."

   Safety Mitigation

   Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum weights
   proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
   operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
   level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the
   location where it is operated. In order to avoid any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be
   restricted to 400' AGL or below.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

   This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating an
   aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the
   elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required to the extent
   that the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.

   Safety Mitigation

   The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved if the UAS will be operated at
   400' AGL or below and within visual line-of-sight in addition to GPS based altitude information
   relayed in real time to the operator. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-
   2014-0352. As the attached Operations Manual indicates, the chosen UAS meets these requirements,
   and a zero altitude initiation point will be obtained prior to flight
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

   Coleman Engineering requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.15l(a)'s fuel requirements
   for flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

     (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
              wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
              intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

   Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful flight
   operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30 minute reserve. Coleman
   Engineering proposes that all flights comply with this requirement by mandating that the
   aircraft be safely landed with no less than 25% of battery life remaining.

   Safety Mitigation

   The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided if the UAS flight is
   terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption to
   Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. PAA-2014-0352. The Operations Manual conforms to this limit,
   providing an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

 The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
 the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
 (b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
 that it is legible to passengers or crew."

 At a maximum gross weight of less than 7 pounds, the UAS is too small to carry documentation, does
 not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level
 of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft
 by the FAA will be co-located with the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection
 upon request. The FAA has stated (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352) that no exemption is
 required.
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance
Required

 Coleman Engineering seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
 14 C.P.R.§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
 maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.P.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.P.R. §
 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "shall have the aircraft inspected as
 prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies
 repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from these regulations is needed
 because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
 the UAS's will not have.

 Safety Mitigation

 An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be
 performed in accordance with the Operators Manual. As provided in the Operators Manual,
 flights will not be conducted unless a flight operations checklist is performed that includes all of
 the aircraft's components.
