April 9, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11310
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0608

Mr. Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
Counsel for Colin Hinkle
1131 Carol Lane
Glencoe, Il 60022

Dear Mr. Perritt:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated September 8, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Colin Hinkle (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on October 20, 2014,
(79 FR 58852). Seven comments were received. Five commenters, including Modovolate
Aviation, supported the petition. The Air Line Pilots Association, International (ALPA) and
the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) opposed it.
                                                                                                                 2

In support of the petition, individuals cited the petitioner's experience as a professional pilot.
Modovolate Aviation stated that the terms of the petitioner's request would assure safe
operation and minimize hazards to manned aircraft to persons and property on the ground.
Modovolate Aviation also stated that the petitioner's small UAS operation will provide the
rest of the sUAS community with a concrete exemption of how it can fly its sUAS safely for
recreational and commercial purposes.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA stated that the
anticipated operation is expected to occur below 400 ft. above ground level (AGL) above the
surface in Class G airspace. There must be means both to ensure that the sUAS remained
within the defined airspace and to ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on the
operation is mitigated.

The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will operate (i.e., visual line of
sight (VLOS) and at or below 400 feet AGL) are sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the
operations will not adversely affect safety.

ALPA noted that the petition does not state how the pilot and the observer will be able to
communicate with each other. ALPA also noted that text messaging could have an unknown
latency extending to several minutes. NAAA stated UAS observers must be present and able
to communicate with the operator from the most minimal distance possible. The FAA has
inserted a condition regarding PIC and visual observer communications.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to determine
how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given the size of
the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the use of a
lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent fly-
aways or other scenarios. The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this exemption
to mitigate the risk associated with such failures.

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with
an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA also
commented on pilot qualification, stating--
                                                                                                                 3

        Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous training curriculum
        and show that they are fit to operate a commercial aircraft, so too must UAS operators.
        Holding a commercial certificate holds UAS operators to similar high standards as
        commercial aircraft operators and ensures they are aware of their responsibilities as
        commercial operators within the NAS. Medical requirements ensure they have the
        necessary visual and mental acuity to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a
        sustained period of time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a sport pilot
certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in the
NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground.

Although the petitioner did not request an exemption from  91.113, ALPA noted the
petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in  91.113 given the
absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be operated within VLOS of
the pilot in command (PIC) and visual observer (VO).

ALPA also expressed concern that the petition makes no reference to compliance with, or a
request for waiver from, 14 CFR 61.195, Flight instructor limitations and qualifications,
which defines the requirements for flight instructors. A certificated flight instructor is
authorized to provide the instruction required for the certificates or ratings or currency listed
in 14 CFR  61.193. A person instructing on how to operate the UAS under the petitioner's
training program would not need to be a certificated flight instructor because the instruction is
not being provided for a certificate or rating listed in  61.193. We note that none of the UAS
operations proposed by the petitioner require such flight instruction because  61.31(l) allows
for operation of the UAS by an airman who is current per 14 CFR  61.56 without a category
and class rating. Instruction provided toward obtaining the pilot certificate required by this
exemption would need to be provided by a certificated flight instructor.

ALPA commented that while the petitioner's aircraft has a barometric sensor, the platform
does not have a barometric altimeter as required by 14 CFR  91.121. ALPA stated that
processes or mitigations must be in place to ensure the UA can accurately maintain altitude
including engineering processes, software development and control, electronic hardware
development and control, configuration management, and design assurance to ensure the
aircraft and its control system(s) operate to the same level of safety as other aircraft operated
commercially in the National Airspace System (NAS).

ALPA expressed concern on whether the petitioner's UAS can comply with the aircraft light
requirements for night operations in  91.209, given its limited electric power. This
exemption limits operations to daytime only.

ALPA opposed the petitioner's request for an exemption from the aircraft maintenance and
record keeping requirements. ALPA asserted that the petitioner's small UAS "should comply
                                                                                                                 4

to the same level of safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS." The FAA
finds that adherence to the petitioner's operating documents, as required by the conditions and
limitations below, is sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPA's
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each
operator secure a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) which covers specific details
of the petitioner's operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new
NAS access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low-level airspace, and therefore clear low-level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see-and-avoid functions
to prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the
potential for collision with agricultural aircraft.

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: (a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations; (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the PIC and the VO; and (c) the UAS
PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS-B or
similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, high-visibility markings and
registration numbers. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-
sight of the ground controller, with the assistance of a VO and clear of any low-flying manned
aircraft.

As discussed below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of factors laid
out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain operations. The
Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft operated by the
petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
                                                                                                                 5

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Colin Hinkle is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b)to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Colin Hinkle is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            6

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
    described in the operating documents which is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision weighing less
    than 55 pounds, including any payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
    require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
                                                                                                            7

    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
                                                                                                            8

    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
                                                                                                               9

       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons' and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
                                                                                                               10

         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
                Henry H. Perritt, Jr.

                  Attorney at Law

                         1131 Carol Lane
                        Glencoe, IL 60022
                      hperritt@gmail.com

                          (312) 504-5001

12 August 2014

Hon. Michael Huerta
Administrator
Federal Aviation Administration
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from certain parts of the FARs.

Dear Administrator Huerta:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Colin Hinkle, a professional photographer, hereby applies
for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow him to
operate a small Unmanned Aircraft System ("sUAS") under the conditions and
limitations set forth in this Petition.

The requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and
relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited,
(2) predetermined, and (3) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe news
gathering operations presently using manned helicopters and airplanes in Chicagoland.
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the FAA
Administrator's responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:

                                                                                                                              1
         Colin Hinkle
         Attn: Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
         Telephone: (312) 504-5001
         Email: hperritt@gmail.com
         Address: 1131 Carol Lane, Glencoe, IL 60022
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
         14 CFR Part 21
         14 C.F.R.  45.23(b)
         14 CFR  61.3
         14 C.F.R.  91.7 (a)
         14 CFR  91.9 (b) (2)
         14 C.F.R.  91.103
         14 C.F.R.  91.109
         14 C.F. R.  91.119
         14 C.F.R.  91.121
         14 CFR  91.151 (a)
         14 CFR  91.203 (a) & (b)
         14 CFR  91.205(b)
         14 CFR  91.215
         14 CFR  91.405 (a)
         14 CFR  407 (a) (1)
         14 CFR  409 (a) (2)
         14 CFR  417 (a) & (b)

                                                      2
The Appendix describes the FARs from which an exemption is requested and
summarizes the justification for each requested exemption.

The Petition is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal under Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS)
before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In
making this determination, the Administrator must determine which types of UASs do
not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security
in light of the following:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

          Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act  333 (a).

If the Adminstrator determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id.  333(c) (emphasis added).

The Secretary has delegated his aviation authority to the Administrator of the FAA.

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to grant exemptions
from its regulatory requirements for civil aircraft, a term defined under 40101 of the
Act, which includes sUASs. The Administrator may grant an exemption from a
requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any
sections 44702-44716 of the Federal Aviation Act if Administrator finds the exemption
in the public interest. 49 U.S.C.  44701(f) See also 49 USC  44711(a); 49 USC  44704; 14
CFR 91.203 (a) (1).

The petitioner is a professional photojournalist, who earns his living as a contract
photographer for several Chicago television stations. His regular assignments involve
his going out with electronic news gathering ("ENG") vans to cover breaking news as
assigned by the TV station newsdesk. He also works as a relief photojournalist for the
helicopter contractor that serves Chicago TV stations. He has thus become familiar with
both ground-based and aerial news photography over the course of several years.

                                                                                                                              3
The wide availability of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems, also known as
"microdrones," capable of carrying high-quality video cameras and priced at affordable
levels intrigued the petitioner. His entire professional career has involved exploring
new technologies and adapting them to capture good imagery to inform the public. In
July 2014, he bought a DJI Phantom 2 Vision, installed a three axis gimbal and a GoPro
camera and has flown it for total of 30 hours over remote areas of the Chicago
metropolitan area, over remote locations in downstate Illinois, and in the Ozark
Mountains in Missouri for recreational purposes, exploring the potential and the
limitations of its video subsystem.

He is pleased with the quality of the imagery captured and has edited it into a number
of photographic vignettes that meet his high standards for technical quality and artistic
merit.

Now, a number of people, some professional colleagues and some strangers, have heard
about Petitioner's activities and have seen the results and are pressing Petitioner to
undertake additional microdrone photography for compensation.

He has been advised by counsel that this is not now permissible unless he obtains
special permission from the FAA. Many competitors of Petitioner are actively flying
sUAS to conduct aerial photography for commercial purposes, notwithstanding the
FAA's stated prohibition. He also notes and has read the congressional mandate in
sections 332 and 333 of the FAA Revitalization and Reform Act of 2012 that the FAA
move quickly to accommodate the economic and societal benefits that can result from
widespread deployment of sUAS technology. Accordingly, Petitioner applies for
authorization under the Federal Aviation Act, and the FARs rules to undertake the
following activities for commercial purposes. Unless the Petition is granted, Petitioner
will be at a significant competitive advantage if he, as he prefers, complies with FAA
policy.

Vehicle
The Petitioner will fly a DJI Phantom 2 Vision equipped with a three-axis gimbal and
GoPro camera.

This vehicle has built in capability to limit the height it flies above the ground, to limit
the radius of the distance it flies from the operator, and to exclude it from class B, C,

                                                                                                                              4
and D airspace. The vehicle also has the built-in capability to return to the launching
point if the wireless control link is interrupted or if the operator attempts to exceed any
of the height, radius, or airspace limitations programmed into it.

The vehicle weighs about five pounds empty and has a maximum gross weight of
approximately twenty pounds. It has a top speed of about 30 knots. It has four fixed-
pitch rotors, thrust from which is varied by changing RPM. It is powered by a lithium
polymer battery.

Flight profiles

The petitioner will program the Phantom so that it will not fly above 400 feet above
ground level, or more than 1500 feet away from him. He will carefully preflight the
vehicle before each mission to assure that its compass and GPS system are properly
calibrated and that the return-to-home feature, altitude, and radius limitations work.

He will operate it on aerial photography missions only in the early morning hours and
other times when few people are out and about. He will operate it only over largely
unpopulated areas where the potential of uncontrolled descent to cause injury or
damage is low

He will not operate it in controlled airspace. In the unlikely event that a manned aircraft
flies below 400 feet AGL where the petitioners operating his Phantom, he will keep both
the vehicle and manned aircraft in sight and avoid the manned aircraft.

More particularly, the Petitioner will fly the Phantom only over the following types of
areas in Metropolitan Chicago:

     Over Lake Michigan, outward of the shoreline
     Over open water in marinas, anchorages, and rivers appurtenant to Lake

         Michigan
     Over lines of railroad and rail classification yards
     Over expressways
     Over nonresidential and noncommercial large-scale industrial areas
     Over private property when he has been commissioned by the person in legal

         possession of the property to do so

                                                                                                                              5
     Over breaking news events subject to the following special limitations:
    He will retain a professional news helicopter pilot as a special consultant and
    undertake a period of ground training with that special consultant to understand the
    rules of thumb that ENG helicopter pilots follow to coexist safely with, and to
    provide occasional help to, law-enforcement and other public safety agencies.
    He will undertake a period of at least six hours flight training with the ENG pilot-
    consultant to ensure that the Petitioner is proficient in anticipating and responding
    to situations over breaking news events that might interfere with the safe flight of
    police and other public safety helicopters, with ground operations, or with manned
    aircraft.
The Petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the criteria provided in Section 333 of the
Reform Act relating to size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports
and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security. The
Petition justifies grant of the requested exemptions allow the Petitioner to obtain aerial
photography with his microdrone.
Respectfully submitted,

Henry H. Perritt, Jr.
Counsel for Petitioner

                                                                                                                              6
                           Appendix

FAR section                Subject                 Justification
14 CFR  45.23(b)          Requirement to display  Insufficient space on
14 CFR Part 21             registration number on  vehicle
14 CFR  61.3              vehicle
                           Aircraft certification  Designed for manned
14 CFR  91.7 (a)          requirements and        aircraft; not suitable for
14 CFR  91.9 (b) (2)      procedures              off-the-shelf sUAS
14 CFR  91.103(b)         Requirement for pilot   Part 61 requirements
14 CFR  91.109            certificate             designed for manned
14 CFR  91.119                                    aircraft, not sUAS;
14 CFR  91.121            Airworthiness           petition describes
14 CFR  91.151(a)         requirement             training for sUAS
14 CFR  91.203 (a) & (b)                          operator
                           Requirement for manual  Designed for manned
14 CFR  91.205(b)         to be available in the  aircraft; not suitable for
                           cockpit                 off-the-shelf sUAS
                           Requirement for crew    No one aboard to read
                           members to be onboard   manual
                           Requirement for dual
                           controls during flight  Unmanned vehicle
                           instruction
                           Minimum altitudes for   No one aboard to
                           safe flight             operate controls

                           Altimeter settings      Safety requires
                                                   operation below these
                           Fuel requirements       altitudes
                                                   No one aboard to read
                           Requirement for         altimeter
                           registration and        Vehicle does not use
                           airworthiness           fuel
                           certificates to be      No one aboard to read
                           onboard                 certificates
                           Cockpit instruments
                                                   No one aboard to read

                                                                               7
14 CFR  91.215            requirement              instruments
                           Transponder              Vehicle has insufficient
14 CFR  91.405 (a)        requirement              useful load; will be
14 CFR  91.407(a) (1)                              operated below ATC
14 CFR  91.409 (a) (2)    Inspection requirements  radar coverage
14 CFR  91.417 (a) & (b)                           Designed for manned
                           Inspection approval      aircraft; not suitable for
                           requirements             off-the-shelf sUAS
                                                    Designed for manned
                           Airworthiness            aircraft; not suitable for
                           inspection               off-the-shelf sUAS
                                                    Designed for manned
                           Maintenance records      aircraft; not suitable for
                           requirements             off-the-shelf sUAS
                                                    Designed for manned
                                                    aircraft; not suitable for
                                                    off-the-shelf sUAS

                                                                                8
