April 20, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11397
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0144

Mr. Christopher G. Rice
President and Founder
Colorado Cartographics, LLC
9685 West 36th Avenue
Wheat Ridge, CO 80033

Dear Mr. Rice:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Colorado Cartographics, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct geospatial, surveying, and geosciences services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI F550 Flamewheel and a Tarot T810.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Colorado Cartographics, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Colorado Cartographics, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI F550
         Flamewheel and a Tarot T810 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                               7

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
       notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
       must include at least the following:
          a. Dates and times for all flights;
          b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
             under this grant of exemption;
          c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
             the UAS;
          d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
          e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
          f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
             and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
             who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
          g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
          h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
             town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
             essential to accomplish the operation.

   31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
       consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
       exemption holder's MPTOM.
                                                                                                                 8
Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
20 January 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590
Re: Exemption Request

Re: Petition for Exemption (14 CFR §11.81) by the Federal Aviation Administration
("FAA") for the usage of Small, Unmanned Aerial Systems ("sUAS") for scientific
research, air quality monitoring, and geospatial applications.

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Christopher Rice, President and Founder of Colorado Cartographics, LLC ("CCL"), a
consulting firm located in Wheat Ridge, Colorado, am petitioning to be granted exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR") listed in Section II of this document. It is my
intention to be compliant with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law
112-95, Sections 331-334 ("The Act"), and operate sUAS solely for the purposes defined in
Section III of this document.

CCL is a consulting firm that provides geospatial, surveying, and geosciences services to a wide
range of industries in the United States. The company leverages the capacities of mapping
software, GPS systems, and surveying equipment to provide these services to industries that rely
on them for regulatory compliance, public safety, and asset management. Being positioned in
this highly competitive industry requires a significant investment in the aforementioned software
and hardware products, but to also be aware of forthcoming technological developments. The
sUAS is among a group of several technological developments that CCL considers to be a tool
that will have a positive impact on the way we perform data collection, photogrammetry, air
quality monitoring, and visual documentation methodologies, all of which are services we
provide for our customers.

Section I. Petitioner Contact Information

   Christopher G. Rice
   Colorado Cartographics LLC
   9685 W. 36th Avenue
   Wheat Ridge, Colorado 80033
   Business: (303) 990-7900
   Email: chris.rice@colocarto.com
   Company Website: http://www.colocarto.com
   FEIN: 27-3129257

                                                        Page 1 of 15
Section II. The specific Sections of Title 14 CFR that CCL wishes to seek exemption:

    1. Chapter 1, Subchapter C, Part 21, Subpart H
    2. Chapter 1, Subchapter C, Part 45, §45.23 (a)
    3. Chapter 1, Subchapter D, Part 61, §61.113(a)
    4. Chapter 1, Subchapter D, Part 91, §91.7(a)
    5. Chapter 1, Subchapter D, Part 91, §91.111(a)
    6. Chapter 1, Subchapter D, Part 91, §91.119(d)
    7. Chapter 1, Subchapter D, Part 91, §91.121

Section III. Extent of relief and reasons CCL is requesting relief from existing regulations.

CCL is requesting relief from the aforementioned Title 14 CFR regulations so it may engage in
sUAS operations for the advancement of applied technologies that will benefit both the
company, customers, and the scientific and geospatial community. The extent by which CCL
seeks relief is exclusive for the applications listed below:

     Photogrammetry Applications: By using fixed, downward-facing cameras,
         photogrammetry enables creation of overlapped aerial images for use in geospatial
         software (GIS), ground-truthing, and visual documentation. CCL is presently able to
         process aerial imagery, and strives to provide rapid delivery of high-resolution ortho-
         rectified images for clients requesting these products. The advantages of using sUAS
         versus manned aircraft are: significant cost reduction, safety considerations, and imaging
         from lower altitudes below current regulations (Appendix A, Figure 1).

     Light Detection and Ranging ("LiDAR"): This technology is used for generating high-
         resolution surface models of land topography, civic features, and building interiors.
         Commonly, LiDAR systems are attached to a manned helicopter or a fixed-wing aircraft,
         however, some manufacturers are rapidly developing lightweight units designed for
         sUAS. Deploying sUAS with LiDAR capability reduces costs greatly, benefiting all
         stakeholders. CCL is planning to use LiDAR systems onboard sUAS to generate
         topographical surfaces of mining sites, reclamation areas, and land development
         locations. LiDAR also aids in calculating volumetric analysis for waste pile removal,
         Earth-moving cost evaluation, and slope severity studies (Appendix A, Figure 2.).

     Infrared ("IR") and Thermal Imaging: Both technologies detect surface features at
         frequencies beyond the visual spectrum, enabling advanced data visualization for a wide
         range of industries. Examples of IR imaging include: vegetative analysis and chemical
         spill identification. Thermal imaging examples include: surface heat signature, heat loss,
         pipeline conditional assessments, and efficiency studies of building structures and
         residences. IR and thermal imaging sensors fitted to sUAS benefit from low flight costs,
         flight precision, and rapid data acquisition. CCL has yet to acquire an IR/thermal imaging
         apparatus, but we are planning to prototype thermal imaging for our energy customers
         who have expressed an interest in checking midstream pipelines for potential leaks and/or

                                                        Page 2 of 15
         valve gasket failures. The costs associated with thermal and IR sensing equipment are
         prohibitive, yet funding by potential investors or corporate research grants would assist in
         fulfilling these valuable research methods for our sUAS fleet.

     Air Quality Monitoring: In an effort to assist energy companies with environmental
         compliance, it is our intention to utilize the sUAS for fixed-interval methane monitoring
         at fixed altitudes ranging from 25' - 200' Above Ground Level ("AGL") near natural gas
         separation, flaring, and compressor sites. Using sophisticated monitoring equipment
         designed for sUAS payloads, coupled with onboard telemetry, we will be able to gather
         this data while the sUAS is airborne. Together with onboard GPS, the monitoring system
         logs positions of air quality samples, providing a geospatial component for map creation,
         and interpretation. CCL is currently collaborating with a natural gas company,
         researching and designing a mobile monitoring system for sUAS that is portable,
         lightweight, and communicates with onboard telemetry systems for real-time data
         acquisition.

Section IV. How CCL's Exemption Request will benefit the Public as a whole.

The sUAS platform provides a significant benefit to industries that create advantages for
deployment of technologies listed in Section III, and the consequent benefits to the Public are
listed below:

     A direct result of a sUAS's ability to provide a much more affordable alternative to
         manned vehicle operations is ultimately a lower cost to end consumers, especially if the
         organization cannot absorb such costs. The economic benefits of operating sUAS versus
         the combined costs of operating a helicopter or fixed-wing aircraft are significant for
         these reasons:

             1. Aircraft/pilot/air traffic control costs can be prohibitively expensive, and the FAR
                  altitude restrictions (14 CFR §91.119) may affect value of resulting product,

             2. Fuel surcharge fluctuations passed on to organizations hiring aircraft services,
             3. Fossil fuel emissions as a result of operating manned aircraft versus electric-

                  powered sUAS,
             4. Decreased noise pollution,
             5. Fewer or nonexistent innate dangers due to catastrophic manned aircraft failures

                  resulting in death, damage to property, and potential legal disputes,
             6. Job creation.

     A sUAS's ability to operate in conditions and airspace where manned aircraft are limited
         or forbidden provides growth in areas where human interests and public health concerns
         exist. One such example of this application is the natural gas industry, which CCL
         currently provides many services for. As exploration and production operations encroach
         on human population areas, issues concerning air quality arise. The implementation of
         sUAS fitted with air quality monitoring sensors (or ground sensing equipment) enables
         accurate samples to further the mitigation process. The low costs resulting from sUAS

                                                        Page 3 of 15
         operation greatly increase the interval time between flights, resulting in higher
         aggregation of relevant study data over time periods where short times between
         acquisition is fundamental.

     A secondary goal of CCL's exemption is to develop awareness of sUAS capabilities for
         the geospatial industry, but also for local communities in Colorado. The issues
         surrounding sUAS usage range from privacy and civil rights, to illegal usage in National
         Parks. In an effort to communicate awareness of the importance of sUAS introduction
         into our communities, CCL is working alongside community leaders and public
         institutions (local libraries, schools, and community centers) to educate the public, assist
         with clarifying sUAS guidelines and restrictions, and communicate potential future
         applications. Lastly, CCL is an advocate for campaigns such as "Know Before You Fly",
         to spread the message about sUAS restrictions and safety. Our number one goal is to
         foster a sense of safety but also provide an open dialogue regarding this rapidly
         developing technology.

Section V. Reasons why CCL's exemption will not adversely affect safety, or how the
exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rule.

It is CCL's intention to add sUAS capabilities to its portfolio of products and services for its
existing and future customers. The four applications outlined in Section III are tailored for
industries where risk of human intervention and damage to property are low to nonexistent. In
our current areas of interest, we are fortunate to have low population densities, and a trace
amount of civil infrastructure and public and private services (i.e. hospitals, hotels, residential
subdivisions). Our flight areas encompass an area no larger than ½ of a square mile maximum,
limiting any chances of posing additional risks other than ones beyond our control.

CCL has aggregated approximately 100 hours building, testing, and familiarizing ourselves with
the flight characteristics of our prototype sUAS fleet, and we fully understand and recognize
their capabilities and deficiencies. Furthermore, we have evaluated each units' flight envelope
limits, mimicked mid-flight failures, and are in the process of testing parachute deployment to
safely return a failed sUAS to the ground in the event of a system failure.

CCL's sUAS Fleet Specifications

CCL's fleet of two (2) prototype sUAS consist of the following characteristics that illustrate their
minimal impact to human beings, manned aircraft, and infrastructure:

    1. DJI F550 Flamewheel Multi-rotor (6-propeller hexagonal frame, plastic/metals):

     Total weight with maximum allowable payload: 6.5lbs,
     Dimensions: Greatest width: 550mm (21.65in), Height (with landing gear): 10.5"
     Maximum speed: 30kts
     Battery system (4-cell, 14.8 volt, 4000maH lithium-polymer) provides eight (8) to twelve

         (12) minutes of flight time, and one (1) minute of reserve for RTH function if necessary,

                                                        Page 4 of 15
     NAZA-M V2 Flight Controller (with GPS and compass) is installed on this sUAS, and is
         the most advanced system currently available, with latest firmware release,

     Use of First-Person View ("FPV") for advanced flight safety; provides real-time video-
         downlink from sUAS to video monitor on transmitter.

    2. Tarot T810 Foldable Multi-rotor (6-propeller hexagonal frame, carbon fiber):

     Total weight with maximum allowable payload: 9.3lbs,
     Dimensions: Greatest width: 810mm (31.9in), Height (with landing gear): 14.25"
     Maximum speed: 30kts
     Battery system (2x 6-cell, 22.2 volt, 5000maH lithium-polymer) provides fifteen (15)

         minutes of flight time, and two (2) minutes of reserve flight time,
     NAZA-M V2 Flight Controller is also installed on this unit,
     Use of First-Person View ("FPV") for advanced flight safety; provides real-time video-

         downlink from sUAS to video monitor on transmitter.

Flight Controller and Fail-Safe systems

The existing flight control technology that CCL utilizes is the DJI NAZA-M V2 Flight
Controller, which provides these safety features:

     GPS Attitude Control: Prior to flight operation, the GPS records latitude and longitude,
         and that position becomes the origin of flight. Once airborne, the GPS holds the sUAS in
         this position, and does not deviate from it, unless the mode is changed by the operator.
         This level of safety safeguards the sUAS, preventing it from drifting away, and posing a
         potential risk of injury or damage to property.

     Attitude Control: The flight controller disables the GPS, and allows operator to control
         the sUAS in a manner consistent with manual flight. The onboard stability systems keep
         sUAS horizontally stabilized, to prevent erratic flight performance.

     Return-to-Home ("RTH"): If the operator, under any circumstances, deems the
         operation of the sUAS to become a risk to persons, property, or the sUAS itself, the RTH
         command may be invoked, safely returning the sUAS to the origin of flight, subsequently
         landing and powering down autonomously. This feature is a design protocol that allows
         the operator to dismiss operation in the event of his or her inability to control the sUAS,
         as in with an emergency situation.

Inherent risks of operating a sUAS

CCL assumes there is risk involved with operating a sUAS. As with any aircraft, manned, or
unmanned, unforeseen circumstances beyond the pilot's control do exist. However, proper safety
protocols, regularly-scheduled maintenance, and continuous pilot training are essential to
minimize these risks. Below are three identified risks that exist that apply to all multi-rotor
sUASs, and may lead to failures beyond the Flight Controller's ability to assist in safe recovery
and landing:

                                                        Page 5 of 15
     Physical Failures. In the event of a physical failure, an example being a failed propeller
         or breach of the sUAS frame's capacity to support normal flight, the NAZA-M V2 flight
         controller may have limited ability to stabilize the sUAS, resulting in ground impact. This
         unfortunate occurrence is an innate risk, and must be addressed for safety considerations.

     Electrical Faults. This type of failure poses a risk to normal sUAS flight, and may result
         in sUAS instability and potential ground impacts. Electrical faults may originate in the
         battery system, receiver, flight controller, flight motors, GPS, or the speed controller
         units.

     Wildlife. In the unlikely event of wildlife strikes, or aggressive wildlife encounters, the
         sUAS flight characteristics may be severely compromised, resulting in ground impact,
         property damage, or injury to persons. The aforementioned sUAS parachute system is a
         fail-safe method for safely returning a sUAS to the ground, and is highly recommended
         to ensure safe recovery of sUAS and promotes safe operation.

Radio Control and Telemetry Equipment used on CCL sUAS Fleet

CCL's fleet of sUAS multi-rotors are controlled remotely by a Spektrum Dx8, an 8-channel,
2.4GHz transmitter. The FPV systems employ the BosCam 5.8GHz transmitter/receiver
combination and a 7" TFT display monitor with a sun hood affixed to the Spektrum transmitter.
The usage of a GoPro Hero 4+ enthusiast video camera will be used on the Tarot T810 for
higher-resolution FPV video feed.

CCL's Commitment to Safety and Regulatory Compliance

It is CCL's intention to be in full compliance with the statutes set forth by The Act, if an
exemption is granted. When the additional Certificate of Authorization ("COA") process is
completed thereafter, CCL will be able to operate sUAS in a commercial manner. After all
licensing is complete, CCL will enforce a strict set of procedures that will:

     Ensure that each pre-flight checklist is completed before flight operations begin,

     Equip sUAS with flightworthy components and ensure all required spare parts are
         immediately available, along with proper tools, batteries, chargers, and associated
         equipment is always on site at each flight location,

     Ensure sUAS manufacturer notifications regarding operational safety and any additional
         known issues that may affect flight performance are resolved prior to any flight
         operation, otherwise sUAS will remain grounded,

     Confirm communication between the sUAS and the Flight Transmitter / FPV system is
         fully functional before any flight operation begins,

                                                        Page 6 of 15
 Ensure GPS systems are in full working order and an acceptable level of GPS satellite
    acquisition is achieved before any flight operation begins,

 If applicable, confirm DJI PC Ground Station flight routine is loaded, and test flights
    record successful launch, route, and completion,

 Calibrate altimeters using DJI PC Ground Station to the study site's maximum altitude,
    and limit sUAS altitude to 300' AGL to avoid flight outside of this envelope.

 Ensure a minimum of five (5) miles from any airport exists from closest edge of flight
    plan area. (Figure 3, Appendix A), and maintain a distance of 500' minimum from
    people, vehicles, and property.

 If utilizing the PC Ground Station Waypoint Manager, enable the No Waypoint Zones
    map, which disables positioning of waypoints within five (5) miles of a major airports
    (Figure 4, Appendix A)

 Never exceed visual line-of-sight distance (VLOS) during flight operations, and set a
    timer for five (5) minutes at beginning of flight operation, to remind pilot about
    remaining battery life, and always have a trained spotter not operating the sUAS
    accompany the pilot,

 Display (if necessary) signage/warning beacons/traffic cones if sUAS usage in close
    proximity to public right-of-way,

 Be aware of air traffic conditions in the immediate area, by observing existing aircraft
    flight patterns, changes in wind direction and intensity, and consultation of consumer-
    grade aviation tracking applications (e.g. FlightRadar24), if necessary,

 Be aware of changing weather conditions that may affect overall flight performance and
    line-of-sight visibility of sUAS, and always err on the side of caution by grounding sUAS
    if conditions are likely to worsen,

 Properly adhere to post-flight guidelines, which include: disconnection of circuitry that
    could result in user injury, storage of all components in proper containers, checking area
    for any components left behind, and securing any gates at exit from private property,

 Communicate completion of flight operations to constituents, stakeholders, or customers.

 Have in our possession all documentation pertaining to the FAR Exemption, including
    licenses, medical cards, if applicable.

 Comply with any additional and future regulations enforced by the FAA FAR.

                                                   Page 7 of 15
Section VI. Federal Register Rulemaking, CCL reasoning for Exemption.

    1. Title 14, CFR 21: Certification Procedures for Products and Parts Subpart H,
         Airworthiness Certificates (§21.171 - §21.199).

         Section 333 of The Act states:

         (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
         speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
         within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
         or the public or pose a threat to national security; and,

         (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
         certification under section 44704 of Title 49, United States Code, is required for the
         operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

Reason for Exemption: The operational characteristics of CCL's sUAS fleet, which consist of
small size and weight, low speed, a limited geographical extent, together with CCL's compliance
with airport and populated area proximity rules, meet the level of safety compliance proposed by
Section 333. Paragraph (2) states that if sUAS meet this requirement, exemption from 14 CFR
21, Subpart H may be granted.

    2. Title 14, CFR §45.23(a),(b): Display of Marks, General

         (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
         Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the
         registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must
         also be a Roman capital letter.

         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.

Reason for Exemption: (a): CCL's sUAS surface areas prevent attachment of a distinguishable
registration number greater than 2" in height (applicable only to §45.23b) from a distance equal
or greater than 40 feet, unless the usage of optical magnification is employed. The addition of a
flag or equivalent surface by which registration number must be visible may inhibit usage of
sUAS due to the additional payload weight and potential surface area, which may result in flight
instability and/or failure. (b): The classification of sUAS under the current regulatory restriction
period is unclear, therefore, this exemption shall remain active.

                                                        Page 8 of 15
    3. Title 14 CFR §61.113(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds
         a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
         passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation
         or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

Reason for Exemption: Due to the nature of sUAS being unmanned, it is not possible to carry
passengers. However, property assets for the purposes of scientific research and photogrammetry
will consist of the sUAS payload, and the company's pilot in command (sUAS operator) will be
compensated for expertise, services, and deliverables as a result of operating the sUAS.

    4. Title 14 CFR §91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

Reason for Exemption: The aforementioned 14 CFR 21 Subpart H exemption from requiring
airworthiness certificates for sUAS is the reason for this exemption.

    5. Title 14 CFR §91.111 (a): Operation near other aircraft

         (a) No person may operate an aircraft so close to another aircraft as to create a collision
         hazard.

Reason for Exemption: Occasionally, sUAS engage in simultaneous flight routines that employ
more than one (1) sUAS in a tightly controlled, patterned flight plan based on onboard GPS
positioning navigation systems. This method of data collection employs interferometric capture
sequences, requiring more than one measurement sensor during the flight routine.

    6. Title 14 CFR §91.119(d): Minimum Safe Altitudes

         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft: If the operation is
         conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface, a helicopter may be
         operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b ­ 1000') or (c ­ 500') of
         this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or
         altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

Reason for Exemption: Given that sUAS operators must obey a maximum of 300' AGL, and
below the 500' restriction for manned aircraft in non-congested areas, this exemption applies to
the routes and altitudes for helicopters specifically, as research areas and areas of interest (AOIs)
may exist within these corridors. Additional research on the location of these helicopter-specific
flight corridors will be conducted before any flight operations commence.

                                                        Page 9 of 15
    7. Title 14 CFR §91.121: Altimeter Settings

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating...
         [remainder of Regulation].

Reason for Exemption: sUAS altimeter settings are controlled by the onboard altimeter (GPS-
based), or supplemental barometric altimeter for use as a backup and/or altitude validation unit.
Additionally, "cruising altitude' does not apply to sUAS within CCL's operational capacities,
unless this term is used to describe the altitude by which the actions stated in Section III are
considered as such.

Section VII. Additional Information, Views, or Arguments.

Personal Statement

In conclusion, CLL agrees with the FAA's heightened awareness of the issues surrounding the
widespread usage of sUAS in the United States. It is an obvious problem with potentially serious
consequences if sUAS are operated irresponsibly. Our company is committed to not only fully
understanding and abiding by the laws surrounding the usage of sUAS, but to also be an
advocate for others to comply with the rules and regulations that exist for the safety of U.S.
citizens.

In the scientific and geospatial community, there are numerous applied technologies that
influence how research is conducted. These broad industries are consistently on the forefront of
the latest and greatest advancements, and in most cases, is the basis of their origin. Remove this
ability, and the result is a slowdown of economic growth, fundamental to sustainability. This is
the reason why we at CCL believe that the sUAS and its associated benefits are so relevant to the
advancement of human development, whether it is to assist farmers with increasing crop yields,
or mitigating health risks to thousands of people, its one small step in a long, legislative process
that will ultimately benefit us all.

CLL appreciates the opportunity to be able to petition for this exemption, and is fortunate to have
the right to do so. The other members of the sUAS community who are passionate about the
ability to operate sUAS in the National Airspace System are all advocates for safety and
responsibility. CCL is honored to be a part of such a group that sees the long-term benefits of
creating sUAS compliance and control, and we greatly appreciate the efforts of the FAA, its
Director, and Administrators.

Section VIII. Exemption Outside the United States.

CCL has no intention to operate a sUAS outside the United States.

                                                       Page 10 of 15
To the Director and Administration of the Federal Aviation Administration, I hereby submit this
Petition for Exemption, dated January 20, 2015.
Respectfully,
Christopher Rice, President
Colorado Cartographics LLC

                                                       Page 11 of 15
