August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12460
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1747

Mr. Mark F. Thimmig
Conservaco, LLC
Chairman, CEO
6278 North Federal Highway
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33308

Dear Thimmig:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Conservaco, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Conservaco, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Conservaco, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                      Conservaco, LLC

                                                              www.conservaco.com
                                                            6278 N Federal Hwy
                                                                    Suite 210

                                                     Fort lauderdale, Florida 33308

April27, 2015

Docket Management System
US Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

RE: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

To Whom It May Concern:

Pursuant to (5)333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
Conservaco, LLC, (Conservaco) operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems {sUASs) equipped to conduct
aerial photography for the media and advertising industries for pre-planned, controlled area, photographic and
surveying services, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations{FARs) to allow
commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the Federal Aviation Administration {FAA) as required by (S)333.
Conservaco's current operation of sUASs for commercial purposes has been halted to comply with recently
enacted federal aviation regulations pertaining to sUASs.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and
relatively inexpensive multirotor aircraft under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) contained, 2)
predetermined, 3) has on-site safety personnel controlling access, and 4) would provide increased safety and
enhancements to clients' business operations.

The name and address of the applicant is: Conservaco, LLC Attn: Mark Thimmig Ph: +1-{954) 594-2601 Email:
MThimmig@conservaco.com Address: 6278 N Federal Hwy Suite 210, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308.

Conservaco respectfully requests a grant of an exemption of the following sections of Title 14 of the Code
of Federal Regulations:

            · 14 CFR 21;

       · 14 CFR 91, et seq.;

       · 14 CFR 45.23 (b);
       · 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);

       · 14 CFR 407 (a) (1);

       · 14 CFR 409 (a) (2);
       · 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

                                                                             1
Conservaco also respectfully requests an Exemption from Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
of the Federal Aviation Regulations from:

       · 14 CFR 45.23 (b);
       · 14 CFR Part 21;
       · 14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b);
       · 91.7 (a);

      · 91.9 (b) (2);

       · 91.103 (b)
       · 91.109;
       · 91.119;
       · 91 .121;

       · 91.151 (a);

      · 91.203(a) & (b);

       · 91.405 (a);

       · 91.407 (a) (1);

       · 91.409 (a) (2);

       · 91.417 (a) & (b) .

1. The Extent of Relief MSAerial Seeks and the Reason. It Seeks. Such Relief:
Conservaco submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P. 95ss331-334, seeking relief from
any currently applicable federal aviation regulation s FARs pertaining to UASs (unmanned aircraft systems) and
operating to prevent Conservaco contemplated commercial photographic, mapping, and other flight
operations within the US. National airspace system,
The Reform Act in 5332 provides for such integration of civil UASs into our national airspace system as it is in
the public's interest to do so, Conservaco lightweight UASs meet the definition of small unmanned aircraft"
 asset set forth in §331 and combined with a sterling safety record in similar industries, Conservaco's light duty
 UASs are ideal recipients of exemption by the intent of the Reform Act.
 Considerations for relief include a combination of sUAS physical characteristics, safety features, and safe
 practices identified in 333;

 · sUAS weight,

 · sUAS overall size,
 · sUAS speed over ground,

 · sUAS flight zone characteristics,
 - Non-operation near airports (civilian or military),
 -Tightly controlled operation in populated areas,

 · Operation of the UAS by VLOVS.
  · Coordination by a minimum of 4 persons, three staff members of Conservaco and one safety official from
 the client,

                                                                         2
Specific consideration is outline below:

14C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Airworthiness Certificates

14 CFR 591.203 (a) {1) Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 591.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited
operating area associated sUASs, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and 5333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49. U.S.C. 544701
(f) and 5333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity
to airports and populated areas of the particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated by Conservaco is less than 11kg, with maximal payload consisting of remote sensing
instrumentation, carries neither no persons, carries no explosive or flammable materials including combustible
fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the pilot (PIC}, "spotter" role designated to act as
both the remote sensing controller and secondary monitor for safety issues, and a technician, which assists in
matters related to maintaining the sUAS and also monitors for safety concerns and liaisons to the onsite safety
officials.

These enhancements to current safety practices and regulations, which already apply to civil aircraft, provide
a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional aircraft operations conducted
with airworthiness certificates issued under-14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same
criteria demonstrates that there is no intrinsic credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its
size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of intrinsic explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels,
and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. S45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6inches high, the words limited" "restricted," "light-sport"
"experimental" or "provisional" as applicable,---

Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the sUASs will
have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word Experimental" can be placed. Given
the size of the sUAS, two inch lettering will be impossible. The word Experimental will be placed on the frame
 in compliance with 45.29 at a size suitable for the available space.

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUA$ marked on its fuselage as required by 45 .29
 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as
 "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700,
 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

 Further markings include the use of flashing green LED illumination on the underside of the sUAS frame which
 stands at contrast against a blue or white sky.

                                                                      3
14 C.F.R. 561.113 {a) {b): Private Pilot Privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command.
561.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or
passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by
requiring a ground crew member to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to
operate this sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the stasis remotely
controlled with no persons on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished
from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 64 when drafted, that
allowing operations as requested with a private pilot in the ground crew exceeds the present level of safety
achieved by 14 CFR .113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. 591.7 {a); Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As there
will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory
standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained
in the Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, a subset of which are provided
in enclosed Supplemental material, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14C.F.R. 591.9 (b) (2). Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
591.9 (b) {2) provides: No person may operate a US registered civil aircraft... {2) For which an Airplane or
Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by 521.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft current
approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
combination thereof.
The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability to carry a physical flight manual on the aircraft. The
equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control point where
the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
10700.

14C.F.R. 591.103: Preflight Action
This regulation requires each PIC to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA
approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. The PIC
will take all actions including reviewing weather flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and
aircraft performance data before initiation of flight. Further, we have proprietary manuals created with the
help of sUAS experts, the manufacturer, the regional sUAS vendor and policy holding insurer and continue to
work with these organizations to ensure best safe practices are adhered to.

14 CFR. 591.109: Flight Instruction
591.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls, sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft,
by their design do not have fully functional dual controls, Flight control is accomplished through the use of a

                                                                          4
control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions
for flight training without fully fu nctional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact
th at neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.
Enhancing this safety is the technology inherent in the remote controls utilizing digital communications which
is paired to the sUAS making it nearly impossible to unintentionally or intentionally have t he control
communications interrupted.

14C.F.R. S91.1.19; Minimum Safe Altitudes

591.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. 591.119 {d) allows helicopters to be operated
at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route
or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

As this exemption is for a sUAS that closely mimics the behavior of a helicopter, and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an exemption maybe needed to allow such operations. As set
forth herein, the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL or beyond unaided visual line of sight,
whichever is closer, it will however be operated in a restricted area with security officials tasked with ensuring
public safety, and where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained
consent and training.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the location
where it is operated. No flight operation will be taken without the permission of the property owner in the
case of private property or local officials in the case of public property or private property with public interests.

Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the remote sensing activity, all
affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft
or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 11kg of Conservaco's sUASs proposed herein and the lack
of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the low altitude operations of the sUAS will
ensure separation between these smaii-UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must
comply with 591.119.

14C.F.R. 591.121 Altimeter Settings
591 .121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter
that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an
exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The PIC and Technician will also
ensure effective pairing with multiple GPS sources to guarantee accurate detection of height.

14 C.F.R. 591.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

591.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
(2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 15

                                                                    5
minutes of powered flight in hover mode without payload. Conservaco's sUAS will not be able to meet the 30
minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR S91.151.

Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or official
representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve power, does not
engender the type of risks that Section 91.151a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small
UAS. Conservaco believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 10 minutes or
25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the
sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been
granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 C.F.R. 591.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in S91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current air worthiness certificate.

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
section or a special flight authorization issued under S91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than llkg and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is
no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the
pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The
FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos. 9565,9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14C.F.R. 591.405 (a); 407 (a) (1): 409 (a) (2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in
subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter..." and others shall inspect or
maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft
with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant, Maintenance will be
accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
areas for limited periods of time.

If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet
AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

An exemption granted to Conservaco would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned, remotely
controlled, sUASs in a tightly controlled environment with limited airspace, Conservaco utilizes local business
safety officers in specifically determined areas (designed flight zone) to mitigate injury and property damage
while fulfilling clients' goals, Technical enhancements to current safety controls will allow Conservaco to

                                                                     6
operate exceeding current safety specifications, and stay-ahead of, or meet, new ones being implemented by
the FAA and Department of Transportation. Further, Conservaco conducts its operations in compliance with
protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

11. Commercial and Public Benefits

We at Conservaco believe that granting this exemption request furthers the public interest by providing safe
(by way of an unmanned system} and efficient means to meet technical problems solvable by elevated data
collection instruments, Conservaco's client base are typically small to medium sized business looking to
increase their awareness of structures or landscape on their respective properties through data collection by
photographic, video graphic or lidar based surveying. By moving these functions onto sUAS based aircraft, the
potential for loss of life or property is diminished due to the greater control in a smaller and safer aircraft that
holds no persons. Second, there are no reactive or combustible materials on board the sUAS and thus the
potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of
Conservaco's UASs allow the PIC to avoid hazards. Lastly, due to the nature of the remote sensing
instrumentation onboard, the sUAS can maintain quite a safe distance between the aircraft and the objects}
undergoing scrutiny. Accordingly, Conservaco's UASs have operated and will continue to operate at and above
current safety levels.

A. The costs and benefits of your proposed action to society in general and specific groups within society

 As described above, Conservaco's past customers have been small to medium business seeking a remote
sensing solution to specific issues before a larger effort on their part would come underway. Examples include
construction efforts that sought elevated photographic imagery of specific landforms to minimize cost of
efforts to develop, a regional park service that wanted to quantify the changing lifecycle of its flora by way of
measuring leaf health through gradual chlorophyll depletion, and a local cities Dept. of Public Works that

sought to collect images and 3D structural data byway of Lidar sensing en masse of its bridges to serve as a

supplement to its routine repair and planning documentation.

 The impact to society, financial and otherwise, would be extremely minimal. Indeed, it's been demonstrated
that sUASs have the ability to drastically increase the information available to policymakers at a fraction of the
 cost of measuring this data by terrestrial means. One such impact would be inconvenience to directly proximal
 and non-essential personnel that would be displaced from public or business owned property if it is deemed
 to be unsafe, in this case we relay our needs for a flight zone with the requirement that it be safe from casual
 intrusions and allow the business time to shift operations in order to minimize potential safety issues. This is
 best performed with the aid of safety personnel that actively steer non-essential persons around the flight

 zone.

 1. The effect of an exemption for Conservaco on the quality of the natural and social environments

 Utilizing sUASs minimizes the requirement for conventional aircraft. This eliminates the need for an onboard
 pilot, time consuming adherence to regulations surrounding bookkeeping and submission of flight paths to
 local civilian or military airports, and detrimental effects to the environment caused by operating a combustible
 fuel based, large scale aircraft, with restrictions on the proximity to the target for remote sensing.

 Ill. Flight capabilities and characteristics of Conservaco's UASs

 Pursuant to 112 P.L. 95 5333 (a}, concerns for public safety are mitigated by the overall capabilities and
 characteristics of the sUAS.

                                                                        7
Conservaco UASs utilizes eight (4) counter rotating propellers paired oppositely to each other for balance,
control and stability. The total span of the sUASs - 1.2m allowing for stable flight or landing even with the
sudden onset of detrimental environmental conditions. The sUASs have a maximal unit: payload mass of llkg,
including cinematic photographic or other surveying equipment. Conservaco's sUAS is designed to primarily
hover in place to capture photographic data and then operate at less than a 3Sknot maximum speed to the
next point of interest.

They are capable of vertical and horizontal operations but, in practice, is operated only within unaided VLOS
of the PIC. In addition to the PIC, Conservaco employs a spotter (VOS role) and a technician (secondary VOS
and onsite personnel liaison) which are within unaided verbal communication range. These personnel are
supplemented by safety officials provided by the client who are instructed to cordon off and otherwise
minimize pedestrian access in the flight zone of the client's grounds.

In the event of loss of visual of the UAS, the PIC can change flight controls from cartesian (X,Y,Z) based controls
to radial based controls which allows the PIC to utilize one controller axis to recall the UAS to the PICs position
without concern to the current heading of the sUAS, in the event of loss of sight of the sUAS into an area
containing hazards or possible hazards, the spotter has a heads-up-display containing alive video feed which
can be used to locate the UAS while it maintains its position in hover mode. The sUAS has demonstrated its
ability to maintain its position by GPS coordinates in hover mode in 2Skph wind gusts at 25 feet representing
an extreme environmental condition beyond the range of conditions within the scope for sUAS operation.

All of Conservaco's sUASs utilize LiPo (lithium polymer) battery based power sources, decreasing safety risks
from more easily combustible, fuel based, power sources. Flight times generally last between eight (8) to ten
(10) minutes allowing the staff to work with small flight areas per phase. The maximum flight time without
payload is 18 minutes, however practical safe operation limits this to 10 to give ample time to control the sUAS
to a safe landing zone. Conservaco further restricts flight time by not operating its sUASs with less than twenty
five percent battery capacity.

 Further safety management systems in place include a GPS mode that allows Conservaco sUASs to hover in
place if communication with the PIC is lost and optionally follow a set of waypoints at a set speed and height
to a home base predesignated safe landing zone, In the event of unforeseen motors) failure, the system will
enter into a controlled descent while allowing full use of all UAS flight controls by the PIC. All commands sent
via remote controller received during a controlled descent are translated to an as meant paradigm meaning
the flight control package will use its real-time 3 dimensional position and compensate rotors control the sUAS
regardless of spin velocity. Landing gear is also programmed to deploy based on sensing of range to ground
from non-GPS based sources. This assures that if one system is compensated a safe and successful landing can
still occur.

IV, Reasons Why an Exemption to Conservaco Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Standards

Conservaco contends that operation of its sUASs will not create a hazard to users of the national airspace
system or the public as stated in 112PL.b}. Given the diminutive size and weight of Conservaco's sUASs,
combined with their operation in cordoned off and well-controlled areas, Consservaco's sUASs falls within
Congress contemplated safety zone. Conservaco sUASs have an established safety record bolstered by multi-
point preflight checklist, awareness of their surroundings and intimate knowledge of the behavior of the sUAS
 platform in many weather conditions. This safety record and implemented operational practices demonstrate
an awareness of public safety.

                                                                      8
Conservaco operations routinely provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in nearly every
instance, exceeds existing rules. Conservaco has worked very closely with the regional vendors and support for
this unit to create a tightly integrated and highly fault tolerant platform that has been tested thoroughly by a
vendor with a proven record for safety and solid designs.
Though it does not mitigate safety it is of note that as of Nov 2014 there are few companies that will insure
sUA$ operations and sUAS based companies. The sUAS of use at Conservaco is one of two models (by current
awareness) that qualify for protection against damages or injury. Conservaco attained a significant level of
insurance to rectify accidental damage or injury. Conservaco also continues to work closely with this
organization to identify and mitigate sUA$ platform risk due to their expertise in several industries closely
related to the aviation and transportation.
Conservaco does not operate its UASs on or near airports and generally has only operated its fleet on private
grounds with cordoned off areas or areas under the control of the property owner client with assistance by
safety officials employed by the business. Conservaco determines the areas needed to fulfill the clients' goals
and only operates its UASs in these flight zones and only in compliance with well-regarded safety protocols set
forth initially by the RCUAS trade and hobby groups and recently codified by relevant FARs.
Conservaco standardized on the following practices to ensure safe operation of its UASs.

· Work with onsite personnel to plan the slight goals,
· Work with onsite personnel to restrict access to non-essential persons,

 · Operation by unaided VLOS operation only,

 · Operation in phases 10 minutes in length,

 · Operation to minimal 25% battery power,
 · Operation of device to GPS aided readout to 300ft at maximum,
 · Numerous preprogrammed fail-safes that ensure specific behavior per issue,

 · Three main roles supplemented by on-site safety personnel,
 · Employ controlled lifecycle management of components to guard against multiple failures,
 · Preform a site check days) before flight to identify potential issues,

 · Subscribe to relevant local weather and safety alerts,
 · Expertly choose data collection instruments and accessories to minimize flight requirements or expertise,
 Conservaco has experience in similar fields and has adapted this experience in its use of UASs to increase safety.
 In combination to the ever expanding knowledge repositories from hobbyists and experts alike, Conservaco is
 constantly evolving its practices when there is a clear benefit to operations or increased safety element.

 A. Summary
  Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register, should
 it be determined that publication is needed:
 Conservaco (applicant) seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. 521, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23
 (b); 14 CFR 561.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a), 91.9 (b) (2), 91.103b); 91.109, 91.1.19, 91,121; 91.151 (a); 91.203 (a) &
 (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small
  unmanned vehicle (11 kg or less) in elevated photographic and remote sensing operations.

                                                                       9
Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the media industry will enhance safety by
reducing risk associated with conventional aircraft operations and other means of elevated remote sensing
involving persons. The public benefit served by approval of this petition is increased awareness of
characteristics of difficult imaging targets.
A sUAS weighing fewer than 11kg and powered by sealed batteries eliminates virtually all associated risk
inherent in operating conventional aircraft in close proximity to buildings or persons or otherwise elevating
persons to a position they would be able to collect needed data.
The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will
provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein, including
exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations.
As identified and described herein, Mark F. Thimmig, and his company Conservaco, LLC, is an experienced,
recognized media services professional. Mr. Thimmig and his companies have been producing and
delivering advertising, media and technical solutions for the ma rketing industry for several years with a
impeccable safety record.
Th e FAA has been given the authority to issue the exemption to Conservaco, LLC pursuant to the Federal
Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), and as such, we humbly seek your consideration and approval of this
 petition.

 Chairman, CEO
 encl: Supplement A: Physical characteristics of UAS
 encl: Supplement B: Flight Operation and Procedures Manual (FOPM) related to operation
  More characteristics have been outlined in the enclosed supplemental materials.

                                                                10
Supplement 8: Summary Selections of the Flight Operations and Procedural Manual (FOPM)

· All regular and irregular operations are noted with timestamps, relevant UAS metrics and corrective
action procedures (CAP) that are performed.

                 Note: All irregular behavior have root cause analysis performed before UAS operation is
                 re sumed.

 VI. Emergency Procedures

 · Loss of Remote Signal
           The flight package features an optional enhanced fail-safe which returns the UAS to the home
           base waypoint via the same path taken to point of lost signal.
           The UAS will then preform a hover over this waypoint and then a controlled landing.

 · Loss of GPS signal
           The system will operate in GPS assisted mode with three {3) satellites.
           At loss of three (3) GPS satellites, manual mode can be activated or the flight package can be
            programmed to perform a controlled landing to the home base waypoint.
            Ground based height ranging is performed by a separate system and so loss of GPS will not impact
            controlled landing in a safe manner.

 · Loss of Engine Power - In the event of one {1) (or to two oppositely positioned) rotor or motor failure
 the system will enter into controlled spin where all controls are translated based on current orientation
 and will behave as normal operation to the PIC to ensure a safe landing,

            -In the event of multiple rotor or motor failures the flight package can be configured to perform
            a safe landing or attempt operation to home base waypoint.
            - Note: Behavior of the landing location is highly dependent on the position and number of
            rotors/motors that are affected.

  · Loss of Ground Control Software Best,
            -This will not affect operation of the flight. The unit will be piloted to a safe landing area and then
            landed so that examination of the link can be made.

    SEE ATTACHED

      CALIFORNIA
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

                  11
                             CALIFORNIA All-PURPOSE

                         CERTIFICATE OF ACKNOWLEDGMENT

                                             {CALIFORNIA CIVIl CODE§ 1189)

A notary pub lic or other officer completing this certificate verifies only the identity of the
individual who signed the document to which this certificate is attached, and not the
truthfulness, accuracy, or validity of that document.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA                Jw~~ A. (',\o.( IC- · tJotwt.J Pcl\?l10

COUNTY OF Q(Q(!@C:,                       ( ere Insert Name and Title of the Officer)

On :/jQv'1\ ?:1. 10\S" before me,

               (Date}

personally appeared }J\C\(t f · \\'l l rY\rYll CJ                                      ,

who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the per son(¢ whose name(,gi i s/a~
subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that@/~/tJo!ey executed the same
in @ljfo:/t:l;(eir authorized capacity(t¢), and that by@/~r/t#eir signature{:S). on the instrument

the persor$), or the entity upon behalf of which the person~) acted, executed the instrument.

I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing
paragraph is true and correct.

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ADDITIONAl OPTIONAl INFORMATION_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __
  Description of Attached Document

 Title or Type of Document: 'rAPr ()l-e~@lM Aw\1C{,{;t\Oh Document Date: 4 {'21 t\s-

  Number of Pages:---:....:.\\__ Signer(s) Other Than Named Above: -~=----N-~--------

 Additional information: -----------------------------------

                                                                                                                                                                   revision date 01/ 0l/201 5
                     Conservaco, LLC

                                                        www.conservaco.com
                                                       6278 N Federal Hwy
                                                               Suite 210

                                                 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308

April 27, 2015

Docket Management System
US Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

RE: Supplement A: Physical Characteristics of Conservaco's UAS

To Whom It May Concern:

Please find in this document specifications related to the UAS subject to consideration for Exemption . All
specifications have been provided by the manufacturer. It is of note that these specifications in some
instances constitute the maximum values discovered by the manufacturer and averaged over several
test units. Conservaco utilizes these metrics when forming safe and sustainable flight operations and in
no way do the specification extremes contained herein constitute normal Conservaco flight parameters.

  Model
  T600
  Weight (Battery Included)
  2935 g
  Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)
  Vertical: 0.5 m
  Horizontal: 2.5 m
  Max Angular Velocity
  Pitch: 300°/S
  Yaw: 150°/S
  Max Tilt Angle
  35°
  Max Ascent Speed
  5 m/s
   Max Descent Speed
  4 m/s
   Max Speed
  22 m/s (ATil mode, no wind)
   Max Flight Altitude

  4500 m

   Max Wind Speed Resistance
   10 m/s
Max Flight Time              Model
Approximately 18 minutes     ZENMUSE X3
Moto1· Model                 Output Powe1· (With Camera)
DJI 3510                     Static: 9 W
Propeller Model              In Motion: 11 W
DJI 1345
Indoor Hovering              Operating Current
Enabled by default           Station: 750 mA
Operating Temperature Range  Motion: 900 mA
-10° to 40° C                Angular Vibration Range
Diagonal Distance            ±0.03°
559 to 581 mm
Dimensions                   Mounting
438x451x301 mm               Detachable

Gimbal                       Controllable Range
                             Pitch: -90° to +30°
 Camera                      Pan: ±320°

                             Mechanical Range
                             Pitch: -125° to +45°
                             Pan:±330°
                             Max Controllable Speed
                             Pitch: 120°/S
                             Pan: 180°/S

                              Name
                             X3

                              Model
                              FC350

                              Total Pixels
                              12.76M

                              Effective Pixels
                              12.4M

                              Image Mn Size
                              4000x3000

                              ISO Range
                              100-3200 (video)
                              100-1600 (photo)
                              Electronic Shutte1· Speed
                   8s- 1/8000s

                   FOV (Field Of View)
                   94°

                   CMOS
                   Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                   Lens
                   20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at oa
                   9 Elements in 9 groups
                   Anti-distortion

                   Still Photography Modes

                   Single shoot

                   Burst shooting:  3/5n frames        3/5  bracketed  frames  at  0. 7EV  Bias
                   Auto Exposure    Bracketing (AEB):

                   Time-lapse

                   Video Recording Modes
                   UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                   FHD: 1920x1 080p24/25/30/48/50/60
                   HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

                   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage
                   60 Mbps

                   Supported File Formats

                   FAT32/exFAT
                   Photo: JPEG, DNG
                   Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                   Supported SD Card Types
                   Micro SD
                   Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.

                   Operating Temperature Range

                   oo to 40° C

Remote Controller  Name
                   C1

                   Operating Frequency
                   922.7-927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                   5.725-5.825 GHz
                   2.400-2.483 GHz
                   Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
                   2 km

                   EIRP
                   10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G

                   Video Output Port
                   USB, mini-HDMI

                   Power Supply
                   Built-in battery

                   Charging
                   DJI charger

                    Dual User Capability
                   Host-and-Slave connection

                   Mobile Device Holder
                   Tablet or Phone

                    Max Mobile Device Width
Charger              170mm
Battery (Standard)
                     Output Power
 Battery (Optional)  9W
                     Operating Temperature Range
                     -10° to 40° C
                     Storage Temperature Range
                     Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                     More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
                     Charging Temperature Range

                     0-40° c

                     Battery
                     6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                     Model
                     A14-100P1A

                     Voltage

                     26.3 v

                     Rated Power
                     100W

                     Name
                     Intelligent Flight Battery

                      Model
                     TB47
                     Capacity
                      4500 mAh

                      Voltage
                      22.2V

                      Battery Type
                      LiPo 6S High voltage battery

                      Energy
                      99.9 Wh
                      Net Weight
                      570 g
                      Operating Temperature Range
                      - 10° to 40° C
                      Storage Tempet·ature Range
                      Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                      More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
                      Charging Temperature Range

                      oo to 40° C

                      Max Charging Power
                      180W

                      Name
                       Intelligent Flight Battery

                       Model
                      TB48
                       Capacity
                       5700 mAh
Vi sion Positioning  Voltage
DJI Pilot App
                     22.8 v

                     Battery Type
                     LiPo 6S

                     Energy
                     129.96 Wh
                     Net Weight
                     670 g
                     Operating Temperature Range
                     -10° to 40° C
                     Storage Temperature Range
                     Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
                     More than 3 months: 22o to 28° C
                     Charging Temperature Range

                     oo to 40° C

                     Max Charging Power
                     180W

                     Velocity Range
                     Below 8 m/s (2m above ground)
                     Altitude Range
                     5-500 em
                     Operating Environment
                     Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
                     Operating Range
                     0-250 em

                     Mobile Device System Requirements
                     iOS 8.0 or later
                     Android 4.1 .2 or later
                     Supported :\-tobile Devices
                     * Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus , iPad Air, iPad Air Wi-Fi +
                     Cellular. iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is optimized for i
                     * Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi
                      *Support for additional Android devices available as testing and development co
                     Conservaco, LLC

                                                           www.conservaco.com
                                                          6278 N Federal Hwy
                                                                  Suite 210

                                                   Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308

April 27, 2015

Docket Management System
US Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

RE: Supplement B: Summary Sections of Flight Operations and Procedure Manual (FOPM)

To Whom It May Concern:

     I. Introduction

     This manual describes the notable roles, tasks, and operations performed by Conservaco. The aim is
      to document everything that is needed to be done during a mission, so it can act as a reference
      point for team members.

      II. Roles and Responsibilities

      As much as is possible, Conservaco staff attempt to have redundancy in expertise and skillsets
      related to operations of the UAS. Pilot in Command (PIC)

      · Piloting the UA V. This will include:
            -Takeoff,
            - Normal Flight,
            - Flight during emergency procedures,
            -Landing,

      · Assembling the UAV
      · Performs pre-flight checks ofthe firmware,
       · Performs pre-flight checks of the hardware,
       · Preforms pre-flight checks of the software.

       Spotter

      · Relays notable flight parameters such as flight times, battery strength, and metrics from the UAS.

       · Primary communication link between pilot and on-site safety personnel,
       · Will hold physical documents related to current flight,
       · Preforms pre-flight checks of the data collection equipment,
· Monitors ground and greater above-ground environment for safety concerns

Technician

· Assembling the UAV,
· Preforms pre-flight checks of the hardware,
· Performs pre-flight checks of the software,
· Secondary communication link between pilot and on-site safety personnel,
· Relays to the Spotter and records notable flight parameters metrics from the UAS,
· Monitors ground and greater above-ground environment for safety concerns

Ill. Pre-Flight Checklist
A. Before Power Applied

· Check for physical damage and any missing hardware,
· Check all electronics present and connected/ check cord connections are tight.

·  Confirm all batteries charged,                                         proper operation.           when
·  Check all rotors and moving parts for debris that would prevent        raised above the ground
·  Check weather patterns the night beforehand. Drone should be

testing landing gear or recalibrating servo travel.

·  Check  data  collection  equipment  for  proper operation.             safe  operation  of flight  package.
·  Check  data  collection  equipment  for  issues that would impact

B. After Power Source Applied

· Confirm proper power reading of battery,

· Run hardware based systems check,

· Run software based systems check,

· Check flight LED array,

· Confirm proper radio link to flight controller,
· Confirm proper radio link to data collection device controller,
· Confirm secondary controller connection to UAS on board flight controller,
· Confirm waypoints and geofences are accurate to current flight,

·     Confirm desired behavior of emergency if failsafe's,  in  goals  I  flightpath.
·     Check with on-site safety personnel for any changes

IV. Flight-time Checklist

   · Check with on-site safety personnel for a safe flight area for first flight,

   · Record relevant metrics in flight log,

   · Check for ground hazards at home-base and rectify,

   · Confirm > 8 satellite GPS lock,

   · Confirm initial state of controllers,

   · Initialize rotors and check for proper operation,
   · Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately Sm above ground,

   ·  Check landing gear  flight mode (up) operation,                     orchestrated rotor operation,
   ·  Perform controlled                                                  f data collection package,
   ·  Perform controlled  multi-axis roll procedure to check for proper
                          multi-axis (if applicable) control procedure o
· Switch controller mode to radial based, check proper operation to maximum Sm distance to PIC

and return to initial position,

· Return UAS to normal orientation,
· Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately lm above ground,
Check landing gear landing mode (down) operation,
· Land the UAS and check for proper de-initialization of rotors,
· Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately Sm above ground,
· Check landing gear flight mode (up) operation,
· Operate UAS to each waypoint I position until maximum flight time is achieved,

· Return UAS to normal orientation,
· Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately 1m above ground,
· Check landing gear landing mode (down) operation,
· Land the UAS and check for proper de-initialization of rotors,

· Remove power to the flight package,
· Remove power to the data collection package,

· Remove power to controllers,

· Complete flight log.

V. Standing Procedures

· The Pilot, Spotter, and Technician will be the only Conservaco staff members in the forward flight
area. On-site personnel will be within verbal range and behind Conservaco staff.
· The maximum power used to control the device is soft limited to 75% in order to           maintain    power

in reserve for unforeseen conditions,
· Flight time is limited to 15 minutes and goals will be planned in phases to be accomplished during

this time.

·  Flight time is limited to reserving 25% battery power,     of sight  (VLOS),  and  hard  limited to  300ft,
·  Flight height is soft limited to visible and unaided line

whichever is less.
· Flight time is limited to operation in safe environmental conditions,
· Flight staff will maintain proximity so as to be in clear and unaided verbal range,
                                                            and on-site staff    so that  non-PIC   staff
· The PIC   will  announce all movements to Conservaco      operation of the     UAS to   the next  waypoint    or
members     can   identify possible safety concerns before

position.

Regards,

Mark F. Thimmig
Chairman, CEO
Conservaco, LLC

   Operations Area (VFR Chart with Coordinates)
       · Florida: Greater South Florida

          0 N 25 26.46 I w80 29.28

      · California: Greater LA I Orange County Area
            0 N 33 41.59 I w 117 49.49
                Conservaco, LLC

                OJI Inspire 1 Purchase Receipt 4-24-2015

amazon                                   0 cer CoT'irrr 3::. en
             "

-!"~:-· y:. ... ·:,.. s(":::o .. ; ·,·,.:..... ... s \'k ;~-: ~ :-:.""·~: :.- :.~"": '/:,...' :: -u ..~J~ st- Cp;?-~ ~: .... .z-=E-· =~~: .s ~,...;
- ::~n-~ ~·.:-'fr lfy: ... il:.: ,-=- ~~ <~~~:r-es:J.l .. s:r-~yc..:..r't"'j.~ro""'\2·! ~'" '/:r :: .. ;c:.~':'' ~-e-asc-U"·S1 Y~-·
:r:~ti :'"' "· ~~o- :.--:-r:1

. ~ ....--,

, 011r estwnateo de· -ery date JS        tour orcer ,,JI be sent tl"
Tuesday, Apnt 28. 2015-
Thursday. April 30, 2015                 The Eureka BurldJng I Care of Mark

A stgnarure ts reQUrred at delivery      Thimmtg
                                         1621 ALTON PKWY
  cut sh'PIJlllg speP.:d                 SECOND FlOOR- SUITE 220
Expedited                                IRVINE. CAUFORNJA 9260&-4801

                                         Unfted States

· ··.i.rl--.,   )Jj 1rspr-: · ,...;....: '::...:::.:::,.·:·vl't .!, '-"':~: :.atr.:r.a      S3.879.00
          i! ·  ,·, · -::-..··;- ~' ~ .. ,. j.., :J.J::- : " :' t.i:· .:.~..lr.~.:~ V4'1--
>-~. " ') . -
                £ ~Cl"":)'L:::

                s~ >:r; ·-A=: ·-

                ~~orl t-..e.,

                                                 It~..., S..ni:Jts                          ~.!nLXI

                                         s~~··;~ & ~s~j "'-'                                  xs~

                                               -~t;, S?f~·.e -_a(                           SH!~S:-:i

                                                E::: ~T·s:~j -a<.                                SJ :J!j

                                                     Or~r Total:                            $,3 , 97 8. 0 0

   1;r guarantee~;! "'"~ -E'I'J date is    our C>lden~ be sent to
Monday, April 27, 2015
                                         The Eureka Building I Care of Mai'X
Your sh.Pptnl.:! speeo.
r. ~ Two-Day Sh1pping                    Thimmig
                                         1621 ALTON PKWY
                                         SECOND FlOOR - SUITE 220
                                         IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92606-4801
                                         United States
                           TRANSPORT RIS

                            T RANSPORT RI SK M ANAGEMENT Inc

                                       P.O. Box.899, Pine, CO 80470
                                   Ph. 720.208.0844 Fax. 720.208.0845

           CERTIFICATE OF                                                    STATE
              INSURANCE
                                                                             IONAL

                                                                             PAN I E S

THIS IS TO CERTIFY TO:
To Whom It May Concern

THAT THE FOLLOWING POLICY/IES OF INSURANCE HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO:

Conservaco, LLC
6278 N. Federal Hwy #210
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33308

POLICY NUMBER: BINDER04292015                                                          Limits of Liability
POLICY PERIOD: From 04/29/2015 to 04/29/2016
                                                                             $1,000,000 Each Occurrence
     Coverage only applies as indicated by a specific limit and deductible.  $ ** Each Passenger
     A. Aircraft Liability Single Limit for Bodily Injury and                $ 5,000 Each Person

           Property Damage ~eluding Passengers Liability                                                Deductibles
           with Passenger liability Limited to
     B. Medical Expense ~eluding Crew
     C. Physical Damage to Your Aircraft

                                                                             Physical       Total Loss

ID Number  Year            Make and Model  Agreed Value                      Damage    $5%  $15%
 TRM1563   2015            DJI Inspire 1   *·**                              $2 ,900

The Aviation Managers     have made provision to give the certificate holder prompt  notice of cancellation of any   policy
above. But, the Aviation  Managers assume no responsibility for failure to provide   such notice. This certificate   does

not change in any way the actual coverages provided by the policy specified above.

Certificate No. TRM001                     ~~BY __~~----(-A-u~-th~-o~ri-~ze-~d-'~R--e-pr-e-se-n-ta-t-iv-e)---
Date of Issue: 04/30/2015

5105 Al1010                                                                                 Page 1 of 1
