August 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12464
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1992

Mr. Edward Cooley
Cooley Drone Services
18921 Chaville Road
Lutz, FL 33558

Dear Mr. Cooley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cooley Drone Services (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom Vision 2 Plus and the DJI
Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cooley Drone Services is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cooley Drone Services is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
    Vision 2 Plus and the DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
             Cooley Drone Services

                         Small Unmanned AerialSystems

                       Aerial Photography and Videography

May 15,2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Petition of Edward Cooley, dba Cooley Drone Services, for Exemption to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom It May Concern:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R.
Part 11, Edward Cooley, dba Cooley Drone Services, ("Petitioner''), the operator of a small business to
provide commercial aerial photography and videography, hereby applies for an exemption from Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial operation of small unmanned aerial
systems ("sUAS").

The exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption, the sUAS
manufacturer's operations and/or instructions manual ("User's Manual" & "Training Guide"),
Petitioner's Operations and Training Manual, and any other requirements established by the FAA
pursuant to Section 333 ofthe Reform Act.

 For your convenience, the petition is organized as follows:

1. Petitioner's description
2. Relevant statutory authority
3. Qualifications for approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act
4. Description of proposed operations
5. Regulations from which exemption is requested
6. Public interest

7. Privacy
8. Federal Register summary

9. Conclusion

Petitioner's Description
Petitioner is the retired Vice President of Operations for Tampa International Airport and an instrument-
rated private pilot with over 3,000 hours of flight time. Petitioner has been an aircraft owner for over
thirty years and a pilot operating in the National Airspace System for over forty-four years. Petitioner is
starting up a new aviation business offering aerial photography and videography with the use of sUAS.
Specifically, Petitioner wishes to provide aerial photography for building inspections, real estate sales
services, commercial photography and videography services, and sUAS flight demonstration
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                 Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                               Aerial Photography and Videography

services. Consistent with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 11.81{a), Petitioner provides the following
information in support for exemption:

The name and address of the Petitioner is:

Edward Cooley
18921 Chaville Rd.
Lutz, FL 33558
813 948-7001 (Home)
813 389-7647 (Cell)
email:

Relevant Statutory Authority
This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333 (a) through (c) of
 the Reform Act. In the Reform Act, Congress directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of
 civil unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system" and, under Section 333 of that law,
 directed the Secretary of Transportation ("FAA Administrator") to consider whether certain unmanned
 aircraft systems may operate in the National Airspace System ("NAS") before completion of the
 rulemaking required under Section 333 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary
 is required to determine which types of sUAS's do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public
 or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:
 The sUAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability; operation of the sUAS in close proximity to
 airports and populated areas; and, operation of the sUAS's within visual line of sight of the operator.
 If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate in the National Airspace System, the
 Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the National Airspace
  System". In addition, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety
  regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the
  public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), (authorizing the grant of exemptions from the requirement of
  regulations prescribed pursuant to Section 44701 (a) or (b) and Section 44702-44716. A party
  requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a
  whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal
  to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. §11.81 FAA, Petition for Exemptions.

  Qualification for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
  The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under Section 333
  of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other potentially relevant factors are satisfied.
  The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively inexpensive sUAS under
  controlled conditions in airspace that is, (1) limited; {2) predetermined; {3) controlled as to access, and

  2I a
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                 Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                               Aerial Photography and Videography

{4} would provide an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotary wing aircraft are
used to accomplish the same purpose.

Petitioner's sUAS are rotorcraft weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. They operate, under
normal conditions, at a speed of no more than 87 knots and have the capability to hover, and move in
the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously.

Petitioner's sUAS's will operate in line-of-sight and will operate only within a sterile area described in
the enclosed Operations and Training Manual. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will"not create
a hazard to users of the National Airspace System or the public."

Given the small size of the sUAS's involved and the restricted sterile environment within which they will
operate, this petition for exemption falls squarely within that zone of safety, i.e. an equivalent level of
safety, in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of
sUAS's to commence immediately. Also, due to the size ofthe sUAS's and the restricted areas in which
the sUAS's will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
 Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the
 significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including
 reduced emissions associated with allowing sUAS's for the proposed operations, the grant of the
 requested exemptions is also in the public interest. Accordingly, Petitioner respectfully requests that
 the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

 Description of Proposed Operations

 The attached Operations and Training Manual describes, in detail, the procedures for Petitioner's
 proposed sUAS operations. To assist the FAA in the safety assessment of Petitioner's proposed sUAS
 operations, below is a summary of operational lim itations and conditions which will insure an equivalent
 or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines.

 The sUAS aircraft that are proposed to be utilized under this grant of exemption are the OJI Phantom
 Vision 2 Plus and the DJI Phantom 3. Detailed information on these aircraft is included in the
  attachments of this petition.

       1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 pounds with payload.
       2. The sUAS will not operate at a speed greater than 87 knots {100 mph).
       3. Flights will operate within line-of-sight of the pilot and visual observer.
       4. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. Flights will be

             terminated at 25% battery power reserve, should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit.
        5. Flight will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level ("AGL" ).
        6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of a Pilot and a Visual Observer ("VO").

  3I a e
                                               Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                 Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                               Aerial Photography and Videography

The sUAS pilot will be the Pilot in Command ("PIC"). If a pilot certificate holder other than the sUAS Pilot
is present and posses the necessary PIC qualifications, that person can be designated as PIC.

A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each day's activities. It
will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety
perimeter be present for this briefing.

PIC and VO will have been trained in the operation of sUAS generally and will have received up-to-date
information on the particular sUAS to be operated, as required in the Operations and Training Manual.

PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate by voice. Written permission from the relevant
property holders will be obtained.

All required permissions and permits will be obtained from federal, state and local jurisdictions,
including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies.

 If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS is equipped with advanced safety
features that will allow the sUAS to automatically return to a pre-determined location.

 The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

 Regulation From Which Exemption is Requested

 The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. By its terms, this
 statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under§ 40101 of the Act,
 including sUAS's, from the safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a
 requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of
 exemptions from a requirement of regulations prescribed pursuant to Section 44701(a) or (b) and
 Sections 44702-44716).

 Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61 and 91
 for purposes of conducting aerial photography and videography using sUAS. Listed below are (1) the
 specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought; and (2) the operating procedures and
 safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of safety equal to or better than the
  rules from which exemption is sought.

  A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1).

             This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, which establishes the
             procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C.F.R. §
             91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the sUAS's to be utilized
             by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21, Subpart H, meets the requirements of an
             equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act.

 4 I a p.
                                             Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                              Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                            Aerial Photography and Videography

        The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize
         the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
         consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability and proximity to airports and
         populated areas of the particular sUAS.

         In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an
         airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under conditions proposed, will be
         at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness
         certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed sUAS operations.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The sUAS to be operated hereunder weighs less than 55 pounds fully loaded, carries neither a
          pilot nor passengers, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels and operate
          exclusively within a secure defined area. Unlike other civil aircraft, the proposed operations in
          this petition for exemption will be controlled and monitored by the Operator, pursuant to the
          Operations and Training Manual's requirements.

          These saf ety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with
          existing inspection operations, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
          owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14
          C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application ofthese same criteria demonstrates that there is
          no credible threat to national security posed by the sUAS, due to its size, speed of operation,
          location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels and inability to carry
          a substantial external load.

B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft
           14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certif ication of normal
           category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's sUAS would otherwise require certification
           under Part 27, as a rotorcraft, Pet itioner's argument for exemption from these airworthiness
           standards for the same reasons identified in the exemption request from 14 C.F.R. Part 21
           Subpart H would apply.

C. Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements: 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

           This petition seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements of 14
           C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

           14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil aircraft flight manual, marking and placard requirements, provides that:

           No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
           accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

Sl 'a!Z.
                                             Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                              Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                            Aerial Photography and Videography

         14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Marking of the Aircraft, states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed
         on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
         aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit,
         or pilot station, in letters not less than two inches, nor more than six inches high, the words
         "Experimental", "Restricted", "Light-sport", "Limited", or "Provisional", as applicable.

         14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

         Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on the rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the
         cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail, the marks required by §45.23.

         Exemption from § 45.23(b) is warranted because the sUAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit,
         or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" et al can be placed. Moreover, given the size
         of the sUAS, two-inch letters would be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on
         the fuselage in compliance with § 45.29(f).

          Given the nature of the specific relief sought by this exemption request, Petitioner requires
          relief from the associated marking and identification requirements of§ 45.27(a) and § 91.9(c),
          which would require compliance with§ 45.23(b).

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety for exemptions to the aircraft marking and identification
          requirements of§§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a), will be provided by having the sUAS marked
          on the fuselage as required by§ 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the
          sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS as "Experimental" . Additionally, Petitioner will
          ensure compliance with any requests of sUAS marking by the FAA.

          As examples, the FAA has issued the following exemptions to the aircraft marking requirements
          of§ 45.23{b): Exemption Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

D. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

           This petition seeks exemption from the private pilot privileges and limitations of§ 61.113 (a)
           and (b), which states:

           Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

           (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who hold s a
                 private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers
                 or property for compensation or hire, nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
                 pilot in command of an aircraft.
                                             Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                              Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                            Aerial Photography and Videography

        (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
              connection with any business or employment if:

        {1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment, and
         {2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         Section 61.113(a) limits private pilots to being in command of non-commercial flights. Section
         61.113(b)(1) provides an exception that allows a private pilot to command an aircraft without
         passengers or property, in connection with business or employment if "the f light is only
         incidental to that business or employment." This exception likely does not apply to the
         proposed operations under this petition for exemption, as the flights are not incidental to the
         proposed aerial photography and video but rather essential to it. Accordingly, this petition
         seeks an exemption to§ 61.113(a) commercial limitation and/or§ 61.113(b)(1) requirement
         that the flight be incidental to the business to benefit from the exception.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the
         equivalent level of safety to§ 61.113(a) and (b), by requiring the PIC operating the sUAS to have
          the training on operation of the sUAS as defined in the Operations and Training Manual for the
          sUAS.

          Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely
          controlled with no living thing on board. Moreover, the area of operation is controlled and
          restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance.

          The risks associated with the operation of small, lightweight sUAS are diminished from the level
          of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that
          allowing the proposed operations in this petition for exemption by requiring the PIC operating
          the sUASto have training on operation of the sUAS as defined in the Operations and Training
          Manual for the sUAS, and that the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on board,
          exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 61.113 (a) and (b).

E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. This petition seeks an
           exemption from the flight manual requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2), which states: No
           person may operate a U.S. -registered civil aircraft-

           (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this chapter,
           un less there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
           approved manual materials, markings, and placards or any combination thereof.

           Given the size, configuration, and load capacity the sUAS has no ability to carry such a manual
           on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is simply no room
           or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.
                            Cooley Drone Services

                                         Small Unmanned Aerial Systems

                                       Aerial Photography and Videography

Equivalent Level of Safety

The safety-related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by maintain ing
the sUAS flight manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have
immediate access to it. Accordingly, Petitioner requests an exemption from the§ 91.9(b)(2)
flight manual requirements, on the condition that the sUAS flight manual be available at the

control point during each operation.

As examples, the FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
8607,8737,8738,9299,9299A,9565,9565B,10167, 10167A, 10602,32827,and10700.

F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

           This Petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be
           in an airworthy condition to be operated. Since there will be no airworthiness certificate issued
           for the sUAS, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for
           determining airworthiness.

Equivalent Level of Safety

Given the size ofthe sUAS and the requirements contained in the sUAS Operations and Training
Manual for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to each f light, an equivalent level of
safety will be provided.

As examples, the FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
8607,8737,8738,9299,9299A,9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,32827, and10700.

G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103 Preflight Action

           This petition seeks an exemption from § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become familiar with
           specific information before flight, including information contained in the FAA approved Flight
           Manual on board the aircraft. Inasmuch as the FAA approved Flight Manual will not be provided
           for the sUAS, an exemption will be needed.

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the sUAS comprehensive preflight
          checklist. The PIC will take all actions, including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements,
           landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data, before initiating the flight.

H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.105 Flight Crewmembers at Stations.

           This Petition seeks an exemption from§ 91.105, which requires f light crewmembers to be at
           their stations during takeoffs and landings and while enroute with their seatbelts and/or
           shoulder harness fastened unless the absence is necessary to perform duties in co nnection with
           the operation of the aircraft, or in connection with physiological needs. Inasmuch as sUAS are

sI dg
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                  Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                               Aerial Photography and Videography

          remotely piloted aircraft by their design, they do not have flight crewmembers on board, but
          instead flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with
          the sUAS via radio communications, and exemption will be needed.

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          Given the size and operational characteristics of the sUAS and the fact that no flight
          crewmembers are aboard the aircraft an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having
          the sUAS operated by the PIC from the control station on the ground in VLOS and under
          complete operational control at all times in a contained and predetermined area of operations.

I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

           This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that a person may
           operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction
           unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. sUAS's and remotely piloted aircraft, by
           their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is accomplished
           through the use of a control box that communicates with the sUAS via radio communications.

           Equivalent Level of Safety

           Given the size and speed of the sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be performed
           without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are on board the sUAS, and all persons will
           be a safe distance away should the sUAS experience any difficulties during flight instruction.

           The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functioning dual controls for a
           number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K

           and 9862A.

J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

           This petition seeks an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
           91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may not
            operate. Section 91.119(c) states that, over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet
            above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
            aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
            Section 91.119(d)(1) provides: A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums
            prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter
            complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

            The sUAS is prohibited from operating at an altitude above 400 feet AGL. In order to carry out
            its mission of commercial photography and videography, the sUAS must operate in safe
            proximity to participating persons and property, and will operate in an approved,
            predetermined, sterile area away from all non-participating persons and property all in
            accordance with the Operations and Training Manual.
                             Cooley Drone Services

                                          Small Unmanned Aerial Systems

                                        Aerial Photography and Videography

Equivalent Level of Service

Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum of 55
pounds proposed herein, and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS as well as the location
where it will be operated. The sUAS will be operated in a restricted area, where buildings and
people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. No flight will be
taken without the permission ofthe property owner and/or local officials. Because of the
advance notice to the property owner and participants, all affected individuals will be aware of
the planned flight operations. Furthermore, by operating at such low altitudes, the sUAS will
not interfere with other aircraft that are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations.

K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

           This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating an
           aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the
           elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required because
           the sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude readout.

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth in the
          Operations and Tra ining Manual. As prescribed in the Manual, the operator will confirm the
          altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. Moreover, the PIC
          will use the GPS altitude indicator to constantly monitor the sUAS elevation, thus insuring
          operation at safe altitudes.

L. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions.

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a), fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions.

Section 91.151 states:

(a) No person may begin a flight in the airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind
     and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
     landing and, assuming normal cruising speed,

(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
(2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The battery powering the sUAS provides less than 30 minutes of powered flight, and the sUAS
will not be flown at night. An exemption from the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. §
91.151 is therefore required.

10 I a
                            Cooley Drone Services

                                         Small Unmanned Aerial Systems

                                       Aerial Photography and Videography

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to rated flight time or 25% of
remaining battery power, whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhe re within its limited
operating area. Operation of the sUAS with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not
engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate, given the size and
speed of the small sUAS. Moreover, operation will be limited to controlled areas where only
people and property owners, or official representatives who have signed waivers and

permissions will be allowed.

This request for exemption falls within the scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673
(allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without compliance with§ 91.151(a)). Other

examples of exemptions include Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673 and 10808.

M. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b) Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This petition seeks an exemption from civil aircraft certification and registration requirements of
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b). The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
     the following:

(1} An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
     paragraph (a) ofthis section or a special flight authorization issued under§ 91.715 is
     displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

In addition to the fact that Petitioner is seeking an exemption from the airworthiness certificate
display, load capacity and size does not allow it to carry certification and registration
documents; (2} the sUAS does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance at which the documents
could be displayed; and (3} there are no passengers or crew for whom the certificates need to
be displayed.

Equivalent Level of Safety

To the extent these regulations are applicable to the proposed sUAS operations, an equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where
the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them.

As examples, the FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative
sample of other exemptions include, Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A,
9816A and 10700.

111 'a "'
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                  Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                                Aerial Photography and Videography

N. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b); Maintenance Inspections

           This petition seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
           91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify maintenance
           and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. 43.

           14 CFR 91.405 (a) - Maintenance Required

           This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
           sections will not apply.

           In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation for maintenance required,
           Petitioner has included maintenance and inspection procedures in its Operations and Training
           Manual which is attached to this Petition . These procedures are consistent with the
           manufacturer's recommendation and best practices regarding sUAS maintenance, inspection
           and recordkeeping .

            Recommendations for maintenance required :

            1. Maintenance will be accomplished by Petitioner pursuant to the
                manufacturer'recommendations and Petitioner's Operations and Training Manual.

            2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be successfully
                accomplished by trained personnel only.

            3. The Petitioner' s sUAS Operations and Training Manual includes the Inspection Program which
                details how to enter worked preformed in the maintenance log for scheduled, unscheduled
                maintenance or functional test flights that are performed .

            4. Petitioner shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufacture' s
                specification in a discrepancy free condition .

            5. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the aircraft
                 or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

            Petitioner and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best
            suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. This maintenance process allows for an
             equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of operations.

             14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)- Operation after Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding or
             Alteration

             This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
             sections will not apply.

 12 I a g""
                                             Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                              Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                            Aerial Photography and Videography

         In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation after maintenance,
        preventive maintenance, rebuilding, alteration or functional test flights, Petitioner has
        developed requirements to address these topics, which are contained in Petitioner's sUAS
        Operations and Training Manual, Inspection Program and Manufacturer's User Guides.

         1. Maintenance will be accomplished by Petitioner pursuant to the manufacturer's
             recommendations and Petitioner's sUAS Operations and Training Manual and Inspection
             Program.

         2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding and alteration will be successfully
             accomplished by trained personnel only.

         3. Functional test flights will be performed by the PIC when required, the sUAS shall only be
             returned to service when this functional test flight is successfully completed. If a mechanical
             issue arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered within the Operations Area.

         4. The Petitioner's sUAS Operations and Training Manual details how to enter in the
             maintenance log scheduled and unscheduled maintenance or functional test flights that are
             performed.

         5. Petitioner shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufacturer's
             specification in a discrepancy free condition .

         6. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the aircraft
              or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

          Petitioner and the Aircraft Manufacturer (OJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best
          suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition. These maintenance procedures allow
          for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the limited size, scope and area of
          operations.

          14 CFR 91.409 (a) (1) and (2) -Inspections

          This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
          sections will not apply.

          In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS operation and Inspections, Petitioner
          has developed requirements to address these topics, which are contained in Petitioner's sUAS
          Operations and Training Manual, Inspection Program and Manufacturer's User Guides.

          1. Maintenance will be accomplished by Petitioner pursuant to the manufacturer's
               recommendations and Petitioner's sUAS Operations and Training Manual and Inspection
               Program.

13 I a e
                                             Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                              Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                            Aerial Photography and Videography

        2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding and alteration will be successfully
            accomplished by trained personnel only.

        3. The Petitioner sUAS Operations and Training Manual details how to enter into the
             maintenance log all inspections that are performed .

        4. Functional test flight will be performed by the PIC when required after inspections, the sUAS
             shall be returned to service when the flight is successfully completed. If a mechanical issue
             arises the sUAS can land safely or be recovered within the Operations Area.

         5. Petitioner shall only operate its sUAS with all systems functioning per manufacturer's
              specification in a discrepancy free condition.

         6. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the
              aircraft or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

         Petitioner and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best
         suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition.

         These maintenance inspections allow for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the
         limited size, scope and area of operations.

         14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)- Maintenance Records

         This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; therefore these
         sections will not apply.

          In the absence of regulatory provisions dealing with sUAS maintenance records, Petitioner has
         developed requirements to address this topic, which are contained in Petitioner' s sUAS
          Operations and Training Manual, Inspection Program and Manufacturer's User Guides.

          1. Maintenance will be accomplished by Petitioner pursuant to the manufacturer's
              recommendations and Petitioner' s sUAS Operations and Training Manual.

          2. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding and alteration maintenance recordkeeping
              will be performed by trained personnel and entered in the respective aircraft maintenance
              log at completion of each event. The Petitioner's sUAS Operations and Training Manual
              details how entries are to be made in the aircraft maintenance log for scheduled and
              unscheduled maintenance or functional test flights that are performed .

          3. These records will be maintained at the principle base for operation for the life of the aircraft
          or as required by Federal Aviation Regulations.

          Petitioner and the Aircraft Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and best
          suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition.

141 g
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                              Aerial Photography and Videography

          These maintenance records allow for an equivalent level of safety to be achieved due to the
          limited size, scope and area of operations.

          Equivalent level of Safety

          In summary regarding the exemptions requested under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a}, 91.407(a)(l},
          91.409(a}(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), an equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
          maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with Petitioner's Operations and
          Training Manual and Inspection Program section. As provided in the Manual, the operator will
          insure that the sUAS is in proper working order prior to initiating a flight, perform required
          maintenance and keep a log on any maintenance performed. The Operator and the Aircraft
          Manufacturer (DJI) are the most familiar with the aircraft and are best suited to maintain the
          aircraft in an airworthy condition. If mechanical issues arise, the sUA$ can land immediately and
          will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. Moreover, the sUAS's small size, carrying
          capacity, and the fact that flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for periods of
          time not to exceed 25 minutes or until 25% battery power remains, create less risk than the
          same factors associated with conventional fixed -wing and rotorcraft performing the same

           operation.

Public Interest

Consistent with the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 11.81(d}, Petitioner offers the following reasons why
granting this petition is in the public interest, i.e., how granting it would benefit the public as a whole.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight sUAS in the
photography and videography industries benefits the public as a whole in the following ways:

      (1) It helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333 (a} through (c) of the Reform Act, namely,
           the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain sUAS may operate safely in the National
           Airspace System before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 ofthe Reform

           Act.
      (2) The operation significantly improves safety and reduces risk by alleviating human exposure to

           danger associated with current aerial survey and inspection, namely, full-sized helicopters.
            Manned helicopters performing photography or videography have experienced an increasingly
            high number of accidents and fatalities. Helicopter crashes have taken more lives on film sets
            than any other type of accident in modern times. Since 1980, 33 film and TV workers have been
            killed in helicopter accidents around the world, 14 in the U.S. and 15 more for American
            companies shooting abroad, according to a "Deadline Hollywood" article. The public's interest is
            furthered by reducing human exposure to death or serious injury associated with manned
            aircraft performing these services.
      (3} Petitioner's uUAS's are battery powered and create no emissions. If Petitioner's sUAS crashes,
            there is no fuel to ignite or explode. Any impact of Petitioner's lightweight sUAS is, obviously,
            far less than a full-sized helicopter. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological

 1s I g-
                                              Cooley Drone Services

                                                                                                                Small Unmanned Aerial Systems
                                                                                                              Aerial Photography and Videography

          impact of an accident and by reducing human exposure to potentially harmful emissions
          associated with manned aircraft.
     (4) Aerial photography and videography are valuable tools for urban projects, real estate and
          artistic production. The use of sUAS addresses safety problems and is a powerful tool for
           performing a wide-range of photography and videography that is either inaccessible by
           traditional aircraft or provides a significant safety benefit. The public as a whole will benefit
           from the safer and more cost-effective photography and videography services that sUAS
           operations provide.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's or controlling
authority's prior consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being
filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place.

Federal Register Summary

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register
should it be determined that publication is needed:

Petitioner seeks exemption from the following rules:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. Part 27; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R.
91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R. 91.103; 14 C.F.R. 91.105; 14 C.F.R. 91 .109(a); 14 C.F.R. 91.119;14
C.F.R. 91.121; 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and {b);14 C.F.R. 91.405{a); 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2); and 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b) .

 Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight unmanned aircraft
 ("sUA$") in the photography and videography industry will enhance safety by reducing risk.
 Conventional operations in this industry using rotorcraft or fixed-wing aircraft present the risks
 associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of several thousand pounds and carry large
 amounts of fuel. Such aircraft must fly to and from the survey or inspection location and operate at low
 altitudes. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 pounds and powered by batteries eliminates
 virtually all ofthat risk, given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried onboard. The sUAS
 is transported, not flown, to the designated imaging area and set up. The sUAS carries no passengers or
 crew and, therefore, does not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

 The operation of small sUAS's, weighing less than 55 pounds, provides an equivalent level of safety and
 thus supports the grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the Petitioner from
 the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight sUAS's operate at
  low speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment. As a result, they are far safer than
 conventional aerial photography or videography operations conducted with fixed-wing aircraft or
  helicopters.

 16 I ') · g e
                   Cooley Drone Services

                               Small Unmanned Aerial Systems

                             Aerial Photography and Videography

Conclusion

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act:

The size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
within visual line-of-sight provides equivanent levels of safety as required in Part 333. In addition,
providing the requested exemptions is in the public interest and creates no threat to national security.
Therefore, the Petitioner respectfully requests that the requested exemptions be granted allowing the
Petitioner the opportunity to operate sUAS's in the National Airspace System for commercial operations
in a safe and professional way.

If any additional information is required, or if you have any questions regarding this petition, please
contact the undersigned Petitioner.

Sincerely,  / /')

;/.:7/c;~:; 4:5-

Attachments (All Subject to Non-Disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et.
Seq.):

Attachments:

     (1) DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus User's Manual
     (2) DJI Phantom 3 User's Manual
     (3) DJI Phantom Pilot's Training Guide
     (4) DJI Phantom 3 Safety Guide
      (5) Cooley Drone Services Operations and Training Manual

17 I Page
