July 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12103
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0956

Mr. Chad Copeland
CopelandRED LLC
1808 40th Avenue East
Seattle, WA 98112

Dear Mr. Copeland:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of CopelandRED LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography for the use in public periodicals, motion picture and television industry for
controlled and closed set filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are a FreeFly Systems Alta, Cinestar: Octocopter,
Hexacopter, and Quadcopter; and CopelandRED LLC Delta Wing Aircraft.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, CopelandRED LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, CopelandRED LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the FreeFly Systems
         Alta, Cinestar: Octocopter, Hexacopter, and Quadcopter; and CopelandRED LLC
         Delta Wing Aircraft when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
         are permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Chad  Copeland                     
CopelandRED  LLC  
Cell:  +1.425.301.2110  
chad.copeland@me.com  
  
March  26,  2015  

Shell  Docket  FAA-2007-0001  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation,  Docket  Operations  
West  Building  Ground  Floor,  Room  w12-140  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
To  Whom  It  May  Concern:  
  

         Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  and  
14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  CopelandRED  LLC,  research  and  developer  and  operator  of  Small  
Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  equipped  to  conduct  aerial  photography  for  the  use  in  
public  periodicals  (ie:  National  Geographic,  Outside  Magazine),  motion  picture  and  
television  industry  for  controlled  and  closed  set  filming,  hereby  applies  for  an  exemption  
for  the  listed  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  to  allow  commercial  operation  of  its  UAS's,  so  
long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  within  and  under  the  conditions  outlined  herein  
or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.  
  

         As  described  more  fully  below,  the  requested  exemption  would  permit  the  
operation  of  small  UAS  under  controlled  conditions  in  airspace  that  is  1)  limited  2)  
predetermined  3)  controlled  as  to  access  and  4)  would  provide  safety  enhancements  to  
the  already  safe  operations  in  the  film  and  television  industry  presently  using  
conventional  aircraft.  Approval  of  this  exemption  would  thereby  enhance  safety  and  
fulfill  the  FAA  Administrator's  responsibilities  to  "establish  requirements  for  the  safe  
operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  the  NAS."  Section  333(c)  of  the  Reform  Act.  
  
The  name  and  address  of  the  applicant  is:  
  

         CopelandRED  LLC  
         Attn:  Chad  CopelandRED    
         Ph:  425.301.2110  
         Email:  chad.copeland@me.com  
         Address:  1808  40th  Ave  E,  Seattle,  WA  98112  
           
           
           

   1  
Regulations  from  which  the  exemption  is  requested:    
14  CFR  Part  21,  14  C.F.R.  45.23(b),  14  CFR  61.113  (a)  &  (b),  14  C.F.R.  91.7  (a),  14  CFR  91.9  
(b)  (2),  14  C.F.R.  91.103,  14  C.F.R.  91.109,  14  C.F.  R.  91.119,  14  C.F.R.  91.121,  14  CFR  
91.151  (a),  14  CFR  91.203  (a)  &  (b),  14  CFR  91.405  (a),  14  CFR  407  (a)  (1),  14  CFR  409  (a)  
(2),  14  CFR  417  (a)  &  (b)    
This  exemption  application  is  expressly  submitted  to  fulfill  Congress'  goal  in  passing  
Section  333(a)  through  (c)  of  the  Reform  Act.  This  law  directs  the  Secretary  of  
Transportation  to  consider  whether  certain  unmanned  aircraft  systems  may  operate  
safely  in  the  national  airspace  system  (NAS)  before  completion  of  the  rulemaking  
required  under  Section  332  of  the  Reform  Act.  In  making  this  determination,  the  
Secretary  is  required  to  determine  which  types  of  UASs  do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  
of  the  NAS  or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  security  in  light  of  the  following:    
· The  UAS's  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operational  capability;      

· Operation  of  the  UAS  in  close  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas;  and      

· Operation  of  the  UAS  within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator.      

   Reform  Act  §  333  (a).  Lastly,  if  the  Secretary  determines  that  such  vehicles  "may  
operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace  system,  the  Secretary  shall  establish  
requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  in  the  national  airspace  system."  Id.  
§  333(c)  (emphasis  added).      

   The  Federal  Aviation  Act  expressly  grants  the  FAA  the  authority  to  issue  
exemptions.  This  statutory  authority  by  its  terms  includes  exempting  civil  aircraft,  as  the  
term  is  defined  under  §40101  of  the  Act  that  includes  UASs,  from  the  requirement  that  
all  civil  aircraft  must  have  a  current  airworthiness  certificate.      

         CopelandRED  LLC's  UASs  are  rotorcraft,  weighting  55  or  fewer  lbs.  including  
payload.  They  operate,  under  normal  conditions  at  a  speed  of  no  more  than  87  knots  
and  have  the  capability  to  hover,  and  move  in  the  vertical  and  horizontal  plane  
suismeruslt  oafn  tehoeu  nslayt.i  oSuncahl  a  oirpsepraacteio  snyss  wteimll  i  nosru  trhee  t  phuabtl  tich.e"   U    AS  will  "not  create  a  hazard  to  

  

       

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

             2  
  
           
         Given  the  small  size  of  the  UASs  involved  and  the  restricted  sterile  environment  
within  which  they  will  operate,  the  applicant  falls  squarely  within  that  zone  of  safety  (an  
equivalent  level  of  safety)  in  which  Congress  envisioned  that  the  FAA  must,  by  
exemption,  allow  commercial  operations  of  UASs  to  commence  immediately.  Also  due  
to  the  size  of  the  UASs  and  the  restricted  areas  in  which  the  relevant  UASs  will  operate,  
approval  of  the  application  presents  no  national  security  issue.  Given  the  clear  direction  
in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  the  authority  contained  in  the  Federal  Aviation  Act,  as  
amended;  the  strong  equivalent  level  of  safety  surrounding  the  proposed  operations,  
and  the  significant  public  benefit,  including  enhanced  safety,  reduction  in  environmental  
impacts,  including  reduced  emissions  associated  with  allowing  UASs  for  movie  and  
television  operations,  the  grant  of  the  requested  exemptions  is  in  the  public  interest.  
Accordingly,  the  applicant  respectfully  requests  that  the  FAA  grant  the  requested  
exemption  without  delay.    
AIRCRAFT  AND  EQUIVALENT  LEVEL  OF  SAFETY    
The  applicant  proposes  that  the  exemption  requested  herein  apply  to  civil  aircraft  that  
have  the  characteristics  and  that  operate  with  the  limitations  listed  herein.  These  
limitations  provide  for  at  least  an  equivalent  or  even  higher  level  of  safety  to  operations  
under  the  current  regulatory  structure  because  the  proposed  operations  represent  a  
safety  enhancement  to  the  already  safe  movie  and  television  filming  operations  
conducted  with  conventional  aircraft.    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   3  
  
These  limitations  and  conditions  to  which  CopelandRED  LLC  agrees  to  be  bound  when  
conducting  commercial  operations  under  an  FAA  issued  exemption  include:    

    1. The  UAS  will  weigh  less  than  55  lbs  and  not  exceed  a  GS  above  87  knots.  
    2. Flights  shall  be  operated  within  VLOS  of  pilot  and  VO.  
    3. FPV  shall  only  be  used  through  a  monitor.  The  use  of  FPV  goggles  is  not  

         authorized.  
    4. The  PIC  shall  perform  a  preflight  inspection  of  the  UAS  and  ground  station  prior  

         to  each  flight  as  outlined  in  the  POH.    
    5. Any  maintenance  conducted  on  a  production  UAS  that  includes  the  avionics,  

         power  distribution,  motors  or  a  change  of  radio  control  hardware  shall  perform  a  
         Functional  Check  Flight  (FCF)  prior  to  a  production-flying  mission  as  outlined  in  
         the  UAS  maintenance  manual.  The  certified  maintenance  technician  shall  make  
         an  entry  in  the  maintenance  log  that  an  FCF  was  completed  and  the  UAS  is  Full  
         Mission  Capable  (FMC)  as  outlined  in  the  maintenance  manual.  
    6. Maximum  total  flight  time  for  each  operational  flight  will  be  30  minutes.  Flights  
         will  be  terminated  at  25%  battery  power  reserve  should  that  occur  prior  to  the  
         30  minute  limit.  
    7. CopelandRED  LLC  has  established  an  approved  aircraft  manual  (POH)  that  
         addresses  the  aircraft  and  component  overhaul,  replacement  and  inspection  of  
         parts.  A  manufacturers  aircraft  manual  does  not  exist  for  the  Cinestar  aircraft.    
    8. Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  AGL.  
    9. Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of  the  UAS  Pilot/Camera  Operator  
         and  VO.  
    10. UAS  pilot  will  be  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  at  least  a  private  pilot  certificate  
         and  a  third  class  medical  and  a  current  BFR  as  outlined  in  the  SOP's.  VO  shall  
         third  class  medical  and  have  passed  the  VO  certification  course  established  by  
         CopelandRED  LLC.  
    11. Airman  flying  UAS  for  commercial  purposes  must  have  logged  a  minimum  of  50  
         take-off  and  landings,  25  hours  PIC  in  UAS  type  aircraft.  The  PIC  shall,  within  the  
         preceding  90  days,  performed  a  minimum  of  three  take-offs  and  landings,  and  
         flown  the  same  make  and  model  for  a  minimum  of  5  hours  prior  to  a  production  
         flight.  The  POH  covers  three  models.  Cinestar:  Octocopter,  Hexacopter  and  
         Quadcopter.  
    12. UAS  pilot  will  be  the  PIC  and  shall  use  the  radio-based  telemetry  at  the  ground  
         station  to  read  aircraft  systems  status.  (Speed,  Altitude  AGL,  GPS  position,  
         Heading  and  distance  from  home.)  
    13. The  UAS  will  only  operate  within  a  controlled  area  as  defined  in  the  Manual.    
    14. A  "Flight  Profile  Briefing"  will  be  conducted  prior  to  each  flight.  All  production  
         personnel  performing  duties  within  the  boundaries  of  the  safety  perimeter  shall  
         be  a  part  of  the  briefing.  Communication  devices  such  as  hand  held  radios;  cell  
         phones  and  visual  depictions  are  acceptable  means  for  conducting  the  briefing  
         as  athletes  and  crew  may  be  on  a  route.    
    15. The  operator  shall  file  an  FAA  Form  7711-1,  or  its  equivalent,  as  modified  in  light  
         of  the  requested  exemption,  with  the  appropriate  FSDO.  

   4  
    16. The  operator  will  obtain  consent  of  all  persons  involved  in  the  filming  and  ensure  
         that  only  consenting  persons  will  be  allowed  within  100  feet  of  the  flight  
         operation.  

    17. The  operator  will  submit  a  written  Plan  of  Activities  to  the  FSDO  three  days  prior  
         to  the  proposed  shoot.  

    18. Pilot  and  VO  will  maintain  currency  as  outlined  in  the  CopelandRED  LLC  SOP's.  
    19. PIC  and  VO  will  establish  and  maintain  verbal  communication  during  each  flying  

         mission.    
    20. CopelandRED  LLC  will  obtain  written  and/or  oral  permission  from  the  relevant  

         property  holders  prior  to  flight  operations.  
    21. All  required  permission  and  permits  shall  be  obtained  from  local,  territorial,  

         state,  county  or  city  jurisdictions,  including  local  law  enforcement,  fire,  or  other  
         appropriate  governmental  agencies.  
    22. If  the  UAS  loses  communications,  the  PIC  and  VO  will  walk  toward  the  aircraft  
         until  communications  can  be  established.  In  the  even  that  communications  can  
         not  be  established,  the  flight  control  has  been  programmed  to  "Return  to  Home"  
         position  and  land  within  2  minutes  or  a  battery  percentage  remaining  of  30%.  In  
         the  event  that  GPS  becomes  unavailable,  the  aircraft  will  be  landed  as  soon  as  
         practical  and  an  entry  in  the  maintenance  log  will  be  made.  (GPS  not  required  for  
         Mikorkopter  Avionics  to  maintain  safety  of  flight.)  
    23. If  an  unsafe  condition  persists,  all  UAS  operations  will  be  aborted  until  resolved.  
  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H:  Airworthiness  Certificates  14  C.F.R.  91.203  (a)  (1)  
As  per  CopelandRED  LLC  aircraft  POH  for  the  Cinestar  Aircraft,  we  meet  the  
requirements  of  the  exemption.  UAS  to  be  operated  shall  be  less  than  55  lbs,  
unmanned,  will  not  carry  explosive  or  flammable  items  and  operates  within  the  confines  
of  CopelandRED  LLC  SOP's  and  aircraft  POH.  
  
14  C.F.R.  45.23  (b):  Aircraft  Marking  
All  CopelandRED  LLC  aircraft,  for  the  use  of  production,  shall  be  marked  with  a  serial  
number  and  company  identification.  Labels  will  be  a  height  of  one  inch.  (ie:  RED003,  
CopealndRED  LLC,  425.301.2110)  
  
14  C.F.R.  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command  
CopelandRED  LLC  observes  previous  exemptions  to  a  commercial  pilot  certificate  and  
therefore  requests  the  same  exemption.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness  
CopelandRED  LLC  shall  only  fly  aircraft  signed  off  as  "Airworthy"  as  outlined  in  the  
company  SOP's  and  aircraft  POH.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.9  (b)  (2):  Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  in  the  Aircraft  
CopelandRED  LLC  shall  have,  at  the  ground  station,  a  digital  POH  for  the  aircraft  being  
flown.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.103:  Preflight  Action  
The  PIC  will  complete  a  preflight  inspection  prior  to  each  flight  as  outlined  in  the  POH.  
  

   5  
14  C.F.R.  91.109:  Flight  Instruction  
CopelandRED  LLC  shall,  in  accordance  with  the  company  Standard  Operating  Procedures  
(SOP's),  utilize  airman  that  meet  the  standards  of  this  exemption  and  company  training  
program.  We  observe  the  exemption  provided  and  granted  by  other  applicants.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.119:  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  
CopelandRED  LLC  will  comply  at  all  times  the  requirement  to  fly  below  400  feet  MSL.  We  
observe  the  exemption  provided  and  granted  by  other  applicants.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.121:  Altimeter  Setting  
Prior  to  motor  start,  the  PIC  shall  accomplish  a  Flight  Control/Navi/GPS  calibration  that  
sets  the  GPS  "Home"  location,  zero  altitude,  and  heading  as  outlined  in  the  POH.  As  
observed  in  previously  granted  exemptions,  this  complies.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.151  (a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions  
CopelandRED  LLC  will  limit  flights  to  30  minutes  or  25%  remaining  battery  power,  
whichever  happens  first  as  outlined  in  the  SOP's.  We  observe  the  exemption  provided  
and  granted  by  other  applicants.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.203  (a)  &  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration  
As  outlined  in  the  POS,  CopelandRED  LLC  will  maintain  a  digital  copy  of  all  pertinent  
documents  that  will  be  kept  at  the  base  station  during  operations.  We  observe  the  
exemption  provided  and  granted  by  other  applicants.  
  
14  C.F.R.  91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (2);  417  (a)  &  (b):  Maintenance  Inspections  
CopelandRED  LLC  has  developed  a  maintenance  program  for  company  UAS  type  aircraft.  
We  require  an  FAA  certified  A&P  mechanic  to  certify  the  UAS  for  flight.  All  maintenance  
actions  and  will  be  recorded  in  the  aircraft  maintenance  log.  All  maintenance  personnel  
shall  follow  UAS  guidance  IAW  REDUASMTX  (document).  We  observe  the  exemption  
provided  and  granted  by  other  applicants.  
  
CopelandRED  LLC  will  comply  with  all  current  and  future  directives  provided  by  the  
FAA  with  regard  to  UAS  operations.  
  

   6  
