June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11768
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0897

Mr. Eric Swisher
Owner
Copper City Aviation Services LLC
212 East Vista
Bisbee, AZ 85603

Dear Mr. Swisher:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Copper City Aviation Services LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct commercial aerial photography and videography of individual commercial, public,
and residential properties and structures.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom Vision 2 and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Copper City Aviation Services LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Copper City Aviation Services LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _______________

                                 PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                          COPPER CITY AVIATION SERVICES LLC.
                    SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
Subchapter C section 21 subpart H, Subchapter F parts 91.103, 91.105, 91.109,
   91.119, 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND
91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 2
           VISION AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS

                                PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
               THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                        (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                            Submitted on April 1, 2015
                                                            Eric Swisher
                                                            Chief Pilot
                                                            Copper City Aviation Services LLC
                                                            212 East Vista
                                                            Bisbee, Arizona 85603
                                                            Tel:(520)266-0515
                                                            Email: eric@coppercityaviation.com

                                                            1
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC           Above Ground Level
ATO           Area of Interest
AV            Air Traffic Control
CFR           Air Traffic Organization
COA           Aerial Vehicle
FAA           Code of Federal Regulations
FAR           Certificate of Authorization
GCS           Federal Aviation Administration
GPS           Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL           Ground Control Station
NAS           Global Positioning System
NOTAM         Loss of Link
PIC           National Airspace System
PO            Notice to Airman
Section 333   Pilot In Command
SOP           Payload Operator
UA            FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UAS           Standard Operating Procedures
VFR           Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS          Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC           Visual Flight Rules
VO            Visual Line of Site
VTOL          Visual Meteorological Conditions
              Visual Observer
              Vertical Takeoff and Landing

                                      2
Table of Contents
Summary ...........................................................................................................................................1
Description of Unmanned Aircraft ......................................................................................................5
Description of Ground Control Station................................................................................................7
Flight Crew qualifications and description...........................................................................................8
Unmanned Aircraft System operations and limitations .......................................................................9
Name and address of Petitioner .......................................................................................................10
List of regulations for consideration of exemption........................................................................................11
Summary for Federal Register..........................................................................................................................14
Conclusion...........................................................................................................................................................15

                                                               3
                                                   SUMMARY

Dear Sir or Madam:

   Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Copper City Aviation Services, LLC (Further known as CCAS)
seeks exemption from requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. § 43.11; 14 C.F.R. §
91.103; 14 C.F.R. § 91.105; 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14
C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) and (d); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. §
91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 417(a) and (b) to operate the Unmanned Aircraft Systems detailed
below in support of commercial aerial photography and videography of individual commercial,
public, and residential properties and structures with owners/operators permission and
appropriate authorization. CCAS currently performs flight training in manned aircraft for Sport,
Private, Instrument and Commercial ratings therefore CCAS would also request to use this
exemption to provide a venue and platform for type specific UAS flight instruction to new
commercial and public use UAS pilot/operator applicants. Our years of experience in training
pilots and flying complex UAS systems for the military will aid in development of ground and
flight training programs to enhance safety of new commercial UAS pilots seeking exemptions or
certification.

The request for this exemption is in the Public Interest as there are many consumer applications
for the services that can be provided by UAS that are currently conducted by manned aircraft.
Using a UAS for many of these applications creates an environmentally friendly, lower cost
solution to both the operator and consumer. These aircraft can be operated without risk of loss of
life or limb, and without significant financial impact to the operator or any person or property on
the ground in the event of the loss of an aircraft. Utilizing these UAS will create a safe and more
productive work environment, reduce environmental pollution and have a positive impact on the
local economy which is in the Public Interest. Finally the petitioner believes that granting this
exemption would help to further the success of UAS integration into the NAS by creating an
environment where prospective new UAS pilots could receive type specific training and
experience to be used as these systems become more widely utilized.

                                                               4
                                  THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT (UA)

         CCAS will be using 2 variants of DJI Innovations commercially available UAS systems,
the Phantom 2 Vision, and the DJI T600 Inspire 1. System specifications, flight and
maintenance manuals of each system can be found in the attached supporting documentation.

                  1. Phantom 2 Vision User manual version 1.8
                  2. Inspire 1 User manual version 1.0
                  3. Inspire 1 Maintenance manual version 1.0
                  4. Intelligent Flight Battery safety guidelines

 The Phantom 2 Vision manufactured by DJI Innovations, is a lightweight 4 electric
    motor/rotor, battery operated quadcopter with a 3.0lb gross weight that takes off and lands
    vertically. The Phantom 2 Vision has a length of 16 inches, width of 16 inches, height of 8
    inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots. Its avionics suite contains an on-
    board flight computer with GPS navigation and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) based
    attitude stability system. Also included is a barometric altimeter sensor and compass unit.
    An on-board processor receives signals for flight and payload control from a ground-based
    transmitter/controller/ground station device. An on-board telemetry system delivers flight
    data from the flight computer to the downlink radio transmitter to provide the Pilot in
    Command (PIC) with information such as altitude AGL, horizontal and vertical speed,
    compass direction of flight, bearing and distance to the controlling station, current waypoint,
    battery status, current flight mode, GPS health status, loss of link status, and GPS position.
    This data is displayed to the PIC via the Ground Control Station (GCS) application running
    on one or more computer devices such as a smart phone, tablet or PC.

 The DJI T600 Inspire One manufactured by DJI innovations, is lightweight 4 electric
    motor/rotor, battery operated quadcopter with a 6.5lb gross weight that takes off and lands
    vertically. The Inspire one has a length of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 11.8
    inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots. Its avionics suite contains an on-
    board flight computer with GPS navigation and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) based
    attitude stability system. Also included is a barometric altimeter sensor, compass unit
    ultrasonic altimeter and vision positioning camera. An on-board processor receives signals
    for flight and payload control from a ground-based transmitter/controller/ground station
    device. An on-board telemetry system delivers flight data from the flight computer to the
    downlink radio transmitter to provide the Pilot in Command (PIC) with information such as
    altitude AGL, horizontal and vertical speed, compass direction of flight, bearing and distance
    to the controlling station, current waypoint, battery status, current flight mode, GPS health
    status, datalink status, and GPS position. This data is displayed to the PIC via the Ground
    Control Station (GCS) application running on one or more computer devices such as a smart
    phone, tablet or PC.

                                                               5
 Both systems carry an on-board camera capable of capturing imagery in the form of full
    color, high definition still photos and real time video. The video stream and still pictures can
    be sent via the downlink transmitter to the Ground station for the PIC and optional Payload
    Operator (PO) to view, record, and stream.

 Both UA systems described above have a GPS aided "Return Home" function in the event of
    a loss of link condition or a low battery condition. The return home function can also be
    commanded by the PIC in the event of disorientation or loss of eye contact. Prior to any
    flight operation the PIC will set the desired "Home" location and altitude the UA will fly
    while returning to the home location. The UA's onboard autopilot system will maneuver the
    UA back to the home location and land automatically if it has been commanded or if a loss of
    link has occurred

 The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by CCAS will be registered
    in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47,
    Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and
    Registration Marking in a size as large as practical for the size of the UA.

 The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by CCAS will be maintained
    in accordance with the manufactures maintenance and user manuals. Repairs, inspections
    (except preflight), component changes, and software/firmware updates will be recorded in
    the UAs airframe maintenance logbook. Logbook entries will include date, airframe serial
    number, registration number, current airframe flight time, description of work performed,
    part number and serial number of components replaced if available, signature of person
    performing the work, certificate number and type of certificate held by person performing the
    work.

                                                               6
                     THE GROUND CONTROL STATION/CONTROLLER:

         The DJI UAS products CCAS intends to operate under this exemption use a series of
components to comprise the Ground Control Station (GCS). The first and primary components
of the ground segment is a handheld pilot controller and an optional handheld payload controller.
The pilot controller provides a user interface for flight attitude and altitude commands
augmented by the UA's onboard IMU and GPS aided stabilization system. The controller also
has options for manipulating the flight mode, payload gimbal, camera functions, and landing
gear if equipped. The Datalink segment is comprised of an uplink transmitter command/control
link using a frequency range of 2.4GHz to 2.48GHz frequency range with a power output of
approximately 125mW. The uplink sends flight and payload commands to the UA's autopilot
which then processes the commands along with sensor inputs to manipulate the motor speed
controllers and provide the desired response. The downlink transmitter on the UA operates on a
5.728GHz to 5.85GHz and an output power of approximately 25mW. The downlink transmitter
provides live video from the on-board camera plus all the UA flight data described above.
Downlink data and video is received by the pilot controller and optional payload controller
which is then displayed to the PIC and optional PO via an application on a handheld device such
as a smart phone, tablet or PC. The GCS application also provides a heads up display of
pertinent flight data and UA status reports along with a moving map display. Both the uplink and
downlink transmitters have been tested and comply with part 15 of the FCC rules for a class B
digital device.

 ADSB Receiver

         CCAS intends to also use an independent ADSB receiver and dedicated display as an
additional situational awareness tool for the PIC if the intended flight area is within an ADSB
coverage area. This device would not be used in lieu of the VO but only to enhance awareness
of participating traffic to the PIC. This device would not be considered a mandatory operational
requirement for the GCS to be flight worthy. In addition to participating traffic advisories this
system can be used to update preflight and inflight weather information.

                                                               7
                                 UAS FLIGHT AND SUPPORT CREW:

 The Pilot in Command (PIC) is the individual responsible for and in operational control of
    the flight operation from beginning to end. The PIC performs the preflight inspection of the
    UA, the preflight risk assessment, obtains all available information pertaining to the flight
    and briefs the other crewmembers. The PIC will not change once a flight has begun. During
    instructional flights the PIC will be the Instructor. The following minimum experience and
    currency requirements will be utilized.

         o A CCAS UAS PIC will hold a current commercial pilots certificate.
         o A CCAS UAS PIC will hold a current class II flight physical.
         o Prior to commercial operations the CCAS UAS PIC will have logged a minimum of

             25 hours as PIC of a UAS.
         o Prior to commercial operations the CCAS UAS PIC will have logged a minimum of 5

             hours of PIC time in the make and model UAS being used.
         o A CCAS UAS instructor pilot will hold a current flight instructor certificate
         o A CCAS UAS instructor will have logged a minimum of 200 hours of instruction in

             manned aircraft.
         o A CCAS UAS instructor will have logged a minimum of 50 hours as PIC of a UAS.
         o A CCAS UAS instructor will have logged a minimum of 5 hours of PIC time in the

             make and model of UAS being used.
         o A CCAS UAS PIC will maintain currency in manned aircraft as required by CFR 14

             subpart 61.56 and 61.57.
         o Within 90 days of a UAS commercial operations a CCAS UAS PIC will perform the

             following UAS currency events.
                   3 Takeoffs and Landings 1 of which will be performed in autopilot attitude
                      mode.
                   1 recovery from a simulated loss of link event.

         o Students receiving UAS training at CCAS will be verified as U.S. citizens or
             approved by the Transportation Security Administration TSA as required by the
             regulations of CFR 49 subpart 1552.

 The Visual Observer (VO) is the person or persons providing visually observation of the UA
    while in flight to alert the PIC of any risk factors inflight such as traffic, unauthorized
    personnel in the flight area, collision hazards to the UA, etc. The VO will maintain
    communication with the PIC at all times. Multiple VO's can be used for operation but not in
    a "daisy chain" arrangement, the UA will remain in visual range of both the PIC and VO(s)
    at all times. The VO does not require a specific pilot certification or medical but will receive
    the following training prior to conduction operations as a VO.

         o Overview of the UAS being used.
         o Limitations of the UAS, COA, and Exemption authorization.
         o Maintaining orientation of the UA inflight.

                                                               8
         o Proper communication to the PIC.
         o Traffic and obstacle scanning.
         o Conducting an IMSAFE assessment.

 The Payload Operator (PO) is an additional crewmember that can be used to perform the
    duties of operating the UA payload system while inflight. The PO will have an additional
    dedicated payload controller and display linked to the PIC flight controller. The PO
    controller will be a slave controller that can only manipulate the payload controls and not the
    flight control of the UA. During any portion of the flight if the PIC deems it necessary the
    PIC can regain payload control back to the master controller. The PO would not be
    considered a required crewmember for any flight operation. The PO would be considered a
    support personnel used to relieve workload on the PIC in certain operations such as areas of
    congested obstacles. An assigned PO will not perform the duties of a VO at any time during
    the flight operation.

                                             OPERATION OF THE UA

 The UAS's size, weight, limited range and payload capacity, along with restricted use within
    a COA area monitored by CCAS in no way presents a national security issue. The
    Exemptions requested by CCAS provide for the equivalent, if not a higher, level of safety
    than the current similar manned airborne photo/video systems due to the dangers associated
    with much larger, heavier, and faster conventional manned aircraft.

 Using this exemption to provide type specific UAS flight training will allow CCAS to share
    our knowledge of both manned and unmanned operations within the national airspace to
    enhance safety. Interested students will be provided an approved venue, platform and
    experienced instructor to develop the knowledge and skills required to safely operate UA's in
    the national airspace system.

 CCAS UAS operations will also comply with the following limitations:

(a) Operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft AGL or the maximum
    altitude specified in the COA limitations.

(b) Operations can be conducted within Class E and Class D airspace but only with an approved
    letter of agreement/authorization with the controlling agency/airfield manager and will not
    exceed 400 ft agl or the maximum altitude specified in the COA limitations.

(c) CCAS will not be operate a UA within 5 NM of an airport or heliport unless prior permission
    has been obtained from the controlling agency/airfield manager.

(d) CCAS will not operate the UA at an airspeed greater than 42 knots.
(e) CCAS will only operate the UA in the daytime under VFR conditions.
(f) CCAS will not operate the UA over any open-air assembly of people.
(g) CCAS will obtain the appropriate COA for the desired flight area as required and remain in

    compliance with the COA restrictions.
(h) CCAS will file the appropriate NOTAM for the desired flight area as required.

                                                               9
(i) CCAS will obtain permission from the property owner, authorized agent or controlling
    agency prior to operation at that location.

(j) CCAS will ensure the operational area is posted/access controlled and the operational area is
    clear of personnel not involved in the UAS flight operation.

(k) The CCAS PIC will complete the manufactures preflight checklist as well as the CCAS
    preflight risk assessment sheet.

(l) CCAS will maintain a copy of the current user/operations manual for the UAS with the
    ground control station during operation.

(m)CCAS will ensure the UA remains clear of and yield the right of way to all manned aircraft
    operations and activities at all times.

(n) The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving vehicle or device.
(o) Any incident, action, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of

    the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to the FAA's
    Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents will be reported to the National
    Transportation Safety Board ("NTSB"). Further flight operations will not be conducted until
    the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by the AFS-80 and authorization to
    resume is provided.

                                     Name and Address of the Petitioner:
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Copper City Aviation Services, LLC
Attn: Eric Swisher
Ph: 520-266-0515
Email: eric@coppercityaviation.com

                                                              10
      BASIS FOR PETITION AND LIST OF EXEMPTIONS FOR CONSIDERATION

Based on the facts and descriptions we have provided, we respectfully request that the FAA grant
CCAS the following requested exemptions:

14 C.F.R. § 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. § 43.11; 14 C.F.R. § 91.103;14 C.F.R. § 91.105;

14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a);

14 C.F.R. § 91.215; 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) and (d); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);

14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 417(a) and (b).

14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificate

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H. This Subpart establishes the
procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. CCAS requests an exemption from
Part 21, Subpart H because the Phantom 2 and Inspire 1 meets an equivalent level of safety
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act due to its small size, light weight, and restricted
operating environment.

14 C.F.R 43.11: Records for Inspections

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 43.11. This part provides that maintenance record
entries be maintained, that the inspector list discrepancies, and to affix placards to the aircraft.
Due to its small size the UAS proposed for use, does not have room for placards to be placed in
or on it and no inspections for UAS have been certified by FAA at the present time. However, as
a condition to the grant of the exemption, CCAS will perform the inspections and time
replaceable items recommended by the manufacturer and keep records and log books of all
maintenance and repairs.

14 C.F.R 91.103: Preflight Action

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.103. This regulation requires each PIC to take
certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved flight manuals will
not be provided for the UAS, an exemption is needed. The PIC will follow the manufactures
preflight inspection and complete the attached CCAS preflight risk assessment which includes
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff areas, loss of link plan, etc.
before flight.

14 C.F.R 91.105: Flight Crewmembers at Stations

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105. CCAS requests an exemption from 14
C.F.R. 91.105 since this part is not applicable due to the UAS carrying no flight crewmembers.
An equivalent level of safety will be maintained by ensuring the PIC does not change inflight. In
the case of an instructional flight the Instructor is the assigned PIC and with the aid of the
onboard stabilization system, handover of master controller and/or use of secondary controller
can remain in positive control of the UA flight at all times.

                                                              11
14 C.F.R 91.109: Flight Instruction; Simulated Instrument Flight and Certain Tests

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.109. Section 91.109 provides that no person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. UAS and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional
dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. The
equivalent level of safety can be maintained with the onboard stabilization system, automatic
takeoff and landing feature, and the automatic return home capability. In addition a second slave
controller or handover of the master controller can ensure the PIC/Instructor remains in positive
control of the UA. Also, increased safety is achieved because the UAS will not carry pilots or
passengers, and the flight area will be clear of all non-flight essential personnel prior to each
flight.

14 C.F.R 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119. Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes
for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(c) prevents flying an aircraft at an altitude of less
than 500 feet or operating an aircraft closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure. As this exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 feet, an
exemption is needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never operate at
higher than 400 feet above ground level. It will however be operated on/over private property
with the landowner's consent. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size,
weight, limited speed of the UAS as well as maintaining a location clear of non-essential
personnel where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the landowner,
authorized official, or controlling agency. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or
rotorcraft weighing far more than the proposed UA's weight and the lack of flammable fuel on
the UAS, any risk associated with the UAS operations is far less than similar operations with
conventional aircraft.

14 C.F.R 91.121: Altimeter Settings

CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121. This regulation requires each person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set ". . .to
the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure." Although the UA does have a barometric altimeter sensor, it is not adjustable and
relies instead on a GPS altitude and ultrasonic sensor for displaying AGL altitude to the PIC
therefore an exemption is requested. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before
flight as well as the operator receiving live feedback information about the UA, including the
height of the UA, its forward velocity, and compass heading. The operator will be able to
observe and limit the maximum height of the UA to 400' AGL or less. Additionally, the UAS
will be operated within the line of sight of the PIC and VO.

                                                              12
14 C.F.R 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") Conditions
CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a). Section 91.151(a) prohibits an
individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under visual flight rules conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed: During the day, to fly after that for at
least 30 minutes; or At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." The battery powering the
UAS provides approximately 25 minutes of powered flight making it impossible to meet the 30
minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. §91.151. CCAS believes that an equivalent level of
safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 25 minutes or 30 percent of remaining battery
power, whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the UA
to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited LOS operating area. In addition the UA
reports its current battery condition and alerts the PIC when battery level is near the desired
threshold (30%) for returning to the landing position from its current location.
14 C.F.R 91.405 (a) & (d); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
CCAS requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a) and (d); 407 (a)(1), 409(a)(2), and 417
(a) and (b). These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter . . .," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to CCAS. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the manufacturer's maintenance and user manuals for the proposed UAS. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UAS are very limited in size and
will carry a small camera and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet above ground level. The CCAS performing maintenance will hold at least a Light
Sport Repairman's certificate with a maintenance rating when performing required maintenance,
and keep a log of any maintenance performed.

                                                              13
                                    Summary for the Federal Register
The following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register in accord with 14
C.F.R. Part 11:

   Copper City Aviation Services LLC requests exemptions from the following regulations:14
C.F.R. § 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. § 43.11; 14 C.F.R. § 91.103;14 C.F.R. § 91.105;14 C.F.R. §
91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.215; 14
C.F.R. § 91.405(a) and (d); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R.
§417(a) and (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned aircraft (10 pounds or less) in
support of commercial aerial photography and videography of individual commercial, public,
and residential properties and structures with the owner's permission and appropriate
authorization. Copper City Aviation Services LLC currently performs flight training in manned
aircraft for Sport, Private, Instrument and Commercial ratings therefore CCAS would also
request to use this exemption to provide a venue and platform for type specific UAS flight
instruction to new commercial and public use UAS operator applicants. Our years of experience
in training pilots and flying complex UAS systems for the military will aid in development of
ground and flight training programs to enhance safety of new commercial UAS operators
seeking exemptions or certification.
.

                                                      Privacy
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the landowner's prior
consent and knowledge. Because overflight areas will be restricted there is little to no chance
that there will be people who have not consented to being in close proximity with the UAS
operation.

                                                              14
                                                   Conclusion
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports, operation within visual line of sight within a
COA restricted area, and no impact to national security ­ provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested Exemptions allowing Copper City Aviation Services
LLC to use the DJI Phantom 2 Vision and DJI T600 Inspire 1 for the proposed operations.
We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. Please contact us at any time if you require additional information or
clarification. We look forward to working with your office.
Sincerely,
Eric Swisher,
Owner, Copper City Aviation Services, LLC
Commercial Pilot, Flight Instructor, Light Sport Repairman
Certificate No. 3029938

                                                              15
