September 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12901
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2672

Mr. Dave Siegler
Vice President Technical Operations
Cox Media Group, LLC
6205 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, NE.
Atlanta, GA 30328

Dear Mr. Siegler:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Cox Media Group, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, and cinematography to support newsgathering.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 Advanced, DJI Phantom 3
Professional, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Cox Media Group, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Cox Media Group, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    Advanced, DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Inspire 1when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                       Before the
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

              Washington, DC 20591

In the Matter of            )
                            )
Cox Media Group             ) Docket No. __
WSB-TV, Channel 2, Atlanta  )
                            )

                COX MEDIA GROUP FOR WSB-TV, CHANNEL 2, ATLANTA
                                      PETITION FOR EXEMPTION

                                   SUMMARY GRANT REQUESTED

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Cox Media Group, LLC ("CMG") respectfully requests an exemption
from the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") Regulations listed in Section III1 to permit
commercial aerial photography, cinematography, videography, and other flight operations to
support newsgathering using unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS"). CMG is working closely with
the Georgia Tech Research Institute ("GTRI") on this matter.

         Under Section 333 of the FMRA and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the FAA may grant exemptions
to permit commercial UAS operations that will be conducted within the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. The FAA recently used
this authority to authorize sUAS for newsgathering, the same relief requested herein, pursuant to
summary grant procedures.2 CMG respectfully requests a similar summary grant for the reasons
set forth below.

         CMG seeks authority to use the DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced
DJI Phantom 2, or DJI Inspire 1, all of which have been previously approved by the FAA in past
grants of exemptions,3 for newsgathering and to limit operations to less than 60 miles per hour
and away from airports. This exemption petition is also accompanied by the CMG Operations
Manual and relevant User Guides that will depict all contingencies.

The contact information for the applicant is:
Dave Siegler
Vice President Technical Operations

1 See infra Section III.
2 See Exemption No. 11408, ArrowData, LLC, Docket No. FCC-2015-0131 (Apr. 22, 2015).
3 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11481 (granting an exemption for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI
Phantom 3 Advanced ); Exemption No. 11153, Burnz Eye View, Inc., Docket No. FAA-2014-05819
(granting a Section 333 exemption for the DJI Phantom 2); Exemption No. 11153A, Burnz Eye View,
Inc. (amending Exemption No. 11153 and granting a Section 333 exemption for the DJI Inspire).
Cox Media Group, LLC
6205 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, NE
Atlanta, GA 30328
Tel: 678-645-4255

I. CMG's Proposed Operations

         The enclosed Operations Manual describes the policies and procedures for CMG's
proposed operations with sUAS in detail. CMG seeks authority to utilize a small UAS ("sUAS")
previously authorized by the FAA, specifically the DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI Phantom 3
Advanced, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Inspire 1, within the confines of the "blanket" 200-foot
COA,4 previously granted conditions and limitations,5 and the following safety criteria:

             · Automatic termination of flight and immediate landing when the battery reaches a
                  predetermined low state;

             · Integrated global positioning system ("GPS");

             · Failsafe modes of operation for either loss of radio control or GPS signal;

             · A flight controller that will warn the pilot before reaching a low battery state;

             · Firmware that includes a no fly zone feature to prevent accidental operation of the
                  device in restricted airspace; and

             · A top speed of less than 60 MPH.

         All sUAS Pilots in Command ("PICs") acting as an employee or agent of CMG for its
sUAS operations will have at least a recreational or sport certificate from the FAA and a valid
driver's license (or appropriate medical certificate) with additional experience in unmanned
aircraft operations.6 The team composition will consist of a minimum of one pilot and one
Visual Observer ("VO") during all operations, giving redundancy to the human element as well.
Pilots will be well trained in areas of both normal and abnormal operations equipped with
checklists and operations and maintenance manuals to be able to contend with any scenario.

4 The blanket COA requires sUAS operations to be at or below 200 feet, utilize an UAS weigh less than
55 pounds, operate during daytime Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") conditions, operate within visual line of
sight ("VLOS") of the pilots, and stay certain distances away from airports or heliports. FAA, FAA
Streamlines UAS COAs for Section 333 (Mar. 24, 2015),
http://www.faa.gov/news/updates/?newsId=82245.
5 Specifically, CMG agrees to the conditions and limitations of Exemption No. 11213, Aeryon Labs, Inc.,
Docket No. FAA-2014-0642, to the extent the conditions and limitations are more permissive than the
blanket COA.
6 See "FAA Summary Grants Speed UAS Exemptions," avail. at:
https://www.faa.gov/news/updates/?newsId=82485.

                                                               2
II. An Exemption Will Advance the Public Interest

         A. Both CMG and GTRI Have Sufficient Experience to Conduct Safe sUAS
             Operations

         CMG proudly carries on the tradition of James M. Cox, who founded corporate parent,
Cox Enterprises, Inc. in 1898, with his purchase of the Dayton Evening News (now the Dayton
Daily News). As the owner of several dozen television and radio stations, CMG has successfully
and safely used helicopters to deliver breaking news and traffic reports to the public for many
years.

         CMG has closely followed the developments in UAS over the last several years and has
partnered with the GTRI to further research and development in this area, including developing
training and operation procedures specific to newsgathering. GTRI has conducted research with
UASs for over ten years and has received approximately 75 Certificates of Authorization
("COA") for a variety of aircraft types, including fixed-wing and rotary-wing vehicles, including
two of the UAS at issue here ­ the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1. Of the 75 COAs, more than
two dozen remain active. In addition, GTRI maintains a qualified UAS operations team that
includes four licensed and current pilots, three of whom are experienced radio control
pilots. Additional members of the flight team have completed ground school and passed the
written exam. All essential members of the GTRI flight team have class 2 medical certificates
and have been through crew resource management training.

         B. CMG's Proposed UAS Operations Are in the Public Interest and Would Not
             Adversely Affect Safety

         The public interest weighs heavily in favor of granting an exemption for aerial
photography and videography for newsgathering to CMG and GTRI. Recently, the FAA granted
a request for newsgathering via UAS.7

         CMG believes that, like in previous decisions, "the enhanced safety achieved using an
unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no
passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying
crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation
enabled by this exemption is in the public interest."8 Just as the FAA has "found that UAS
provide an additional tool for the filmmaking industry, adding a greater degree of flexibility,
which supplements the current capabilities offered by manned aircraft," the FAA should find that
further photography and videography operations provide a similarly safe, additional tool which is
in public interest.9 Similar to movies and videography, each news assignment may require a
completely different shot or view of a scene. With budgets for traditional helicopter use being
greatly reduced, the UAS is the perfect solution to allow for easy newsgathering for a fraction of

7 See Exemption No. 11408.
8 Exemption No. 11407 at 2 to UAV-IQ LLC (Apr. 22, 2015) (citing Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109,
11112, and 11213).
9 Id.

                                                               3
the cost. CMG intends to utilize the operations described in this petition to develop further safe
techniques for UAS photography and videography.

III.The Extent of Relief CMG Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief

    A. The FAA Possess the Statutory Authority to Grant This Exemption

         The FAA has general authority to grant exemptions from FAA safety regulations and
minimum standards after making a determination that such exemptions are in the public
interest.10 Moreover, the FAA may grant the regulatory relief CMG seeks under Section 333 of
the FMRA and Part 11 of the FAA's rules. Under Section 333, the FAA may allow "certain
unmanned aircraft systems" to "operate safely in the national airspace system before completion"
of the rulemaking to allow UAS generally into the NAS.11 The FMRA identifies key criteria to
guide the analysis of exemption requests such as "size, weight, speed, operational capability,
proximity to airports and populated areas," and the risk to national security, among others.12
Thus, "[i]f the Secretary determines under this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems
may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."13

    B. Granting Relief From Certain Regulations Will Not Adversely Affect Public Safety

         CMG specifically requests exemption from the following regulations to the extent
necessary to allow CMG to operate UAS for the purpose of its operations: 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a)
and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b).

         As a general matter, CMG's operations will provide an equivalent level of safety during
its operations. Unlike a manned helicopter, the sUAS being employed is lightweight, has no
flammable fuel or other lubricants, operates at very slow speeds, and stays well below any
conflicting air traffic thereby providing, an equivalent level of safety when compared to currently
employed manned aircraft.

         The proposed sUAS to be employed is less than 55 lbs. when outfitted with all equipment
and batteries. There are no flammable liquids or other hazardous materials that would propose a
danger to the public or event participants. Accordingly, no threat to national security exists. All
activities will be closely monitored by a team of aviation professionals and use a system with
redundancies in all areas. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved through the
employment of flight manual and maintenance manual procedures, pilot training, and analytical
risk management.

10 49 U.S.C. § 40109(b).
11 FMRA § 333, 126 Stat. 11, 75 (2012).
12 Id.
13 Id.

                                         4
         As a threshold matter, CMG requests that the FAA determine that its proposed operations
are similar to other grants for videography and photography and that the proposed operations
meet the conditions of Section 333.14 Therefore, CMG need not request, nor the FAA grant,
relief of part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and related noise certification and testing requirements of part 36. Likewise,
following current practice, CMG believes that it is not necessary to request relief from (i) 14
C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Display of marks: general, because CMG agrees that its UAS will be
identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C.
Markings will be as large as practicable per § 45.29(f).

                  1. 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c), Medical certificates: Requirement and
                      duration

         In accordance with recently announced FAA policies,15 CMG requests an exemption
from 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c), which requires PICs for certain operations to hold FAA-
issued medical certificates or, for a smaller subset of operations, a valid U.S. driver's license.
CMG's operators and VOs hold valid U.S. driver's licenses, but may not hold FAA-issued
medical certificates. Therefore, it may not be able to comply with this regulation and requests an
exemption. Because of the risk mitigations established in the conditions and limitations of the
requested exemption, CMG believes that its PICs and VOs holding a U.S.-issued driver's license
will not adversely affect safety.

                  2. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5), Recreational pilot privileges and
                      limitations; 61.113 (a) and (b), Private pilot privileges and limitations:
                      Pilot in command; 61.315(a), What are the privileges and limits of my
                      sport pilot certificate?

         CMG requests exemptions from 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 61.113 (a) and (b);
and 61.315(a) which prohibits individuals holding sport, recreational, or private pilot certificates
from acting as the PIC of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
hire. As recognized by previous exemptions and recent FAA policy changes, individuals with
sport, recreational, and private pilot certifications can and do operate sUAS safely.16

                  3. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), Civil aircraft airworthiness

         CMG requests an exemption from the civil aircraft worthiness requirement under 91.7(a).
As discussed above, Section 333 permits the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirements of an

14 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11213.
15 FAA, FAA Summary Grants Speed Exemptions (Apr. 9 2015),
https://www.faa.gov/news/updates/?newsId=82485 ("A third class medical certificate is no longer
required. Now, a Section 333 operator only needs a valid driver's license to satisfy the medical
requirement.").
16 Following the example of Exemption No. 11213, CMG believes similar relief from § 61.315(c)(2) and
(3) is not necessary. However, should the FAA reach an opposite conclusion, CMG also requests relief
from § 61.315(c)(2) and (3) to enable for compensation and hire operations by individuals holding sport
pilot certificates.

                                                               5
airworthiness certificate upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the identified sUAS, and the FAA has
determined that such certificates are not necessary for UAS. Without such a certificate, CMG
will be unable to comply with § 91.7(a). However, the FAA "has determined that for the
purposes of this exemption the pilot may determine the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior
to flight. The FAA's regulations state that the PIC of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight."17 CMG requests the FAA
make such a determination here. In addition, CMG urges the FAA to again find that relief from
§ 91.7(b) is not necessary.18

                  4. 14 C.F.R. 91.119, Minimum safe altitudes

         CMG requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 which provides for a minimum
safe altitude requirement under which aircraft may operate. CMG's sUAS will operate below
400 AGL, and therefore below the required "minimum safe altitudes."19 Just operating at the
low proposed heights limits overall risk. The current altitude and/or horizontal restrictions on
rotorcraft assume a much heavier manned aircraft loaded with fuel and possible external stores.
Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the sUAS will not interfere with aircraft that
are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. CMG proposes to use an sUAS previously
authorized by the FAA and all of these devices have a successful safety record. This record
demonstrates that the sUAS can be safely used at these lower altitudes and closer operating
environments. The lightweight sUAS being proposed for use in this activity along with its
precise guidance and redundant systems create an entirely different paradigm that should be
considered by regulatory bodies. The activities being proposed by this petitioner are in a very
controlled and open area. CMG also will be working with the experienced and renowned GTRI
UAS team. CMG intends to conduct extensive training with its operators.

                  5. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, Altimeter settings

         CMG requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating
an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to
the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required because
the sUAS ultimately deployed may not have a barometric altimeter, but rather incorporates radio
altimetry via the onboard GPS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved through use of the
operations and maintenance manuals governing altitude control. CMG will confirm the altitude
of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The PIC will use the GPS
altitude indicator to continuously monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe
altitudes.

17 Exemption No. 11213 at 11.
18 Id.
19 See, e.g., id. at 11-12 (exempting petitioner from 91.119(c)).

                                                               6
                  6. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(b), Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

         CMG requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(b), which restricts the operations
of rotorcrafts under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

         The batteries that power the sUAS CMG intends to use will have a mission life of less
than one hour. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional and DJI Phantom 3 Advanced have maximum
flight times of approximately 23 minutes. The DJI Phantom 2 has a maximum flight time of 25
minutes with a fully charged battery, and the DJI Inspire 1 has a maximum flight time of
approximately 18 minutes. Given the limited battery life and low maximum speeds, CMG urges
an exemption from the 20 minute reserve requirement. The Commission has granted exemptions
from this requirement to permit use of the aforementioned sUAS models with a five minute
battery reserve requirement.20 CMG requests similar treatment.

                  7. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (2); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a)
                      and (b), Maintenance Inspections

         CMG requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (2);
91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) which specify maintenance and inspection standards in
reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. An exemption to these regulations is needed because Part 43 and
these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the sUAS will not
have.

         All maintenance and inspections will be conducted in accordance with the Operations
Manual for the sUAS selected by CMG for videography. The proposed operations will allow for
an almost immediate safe recovery and landing if a malfunction occurs, providing a comfortable
operating envelope and ensuring an equivalent level of safety. CMG's sUAS operations will
achieve an equivalent level of safety through maintenance and inspections performed in
accordance with the sUAS Operations Manual. As provided in the operations manual, the
operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. The operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to
provide the equivalent level of safety.

    IV. Summary for Publication in the Federal Register

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, the following summary may be published in the Federal
Register:

         Applicant seeks relief from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) and (c),
61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b).

20 See, e.g., Exemption No. 11481 to Explosives Risk Managers LLC, Docket No. FAA­2015­0217 at 5
(May 1, 2015).

                                                               7
         Cox Media Group, LLC, in partnership with the Georgia Technology Research Institute,
requests an exemption from the above rules to undertake commercial videography and aerial
photography operations utilizing unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") and conduct tests
regarding such operations. These operations will use highly dependable, multi-redundant UAS
away from population centers subject to tight controls, risk management, and best practice
mitigation strategies to ensure public safety. CMG will operate under the stricter of the
conditions and limitations set forth in the blanket COA and Exemption No. 11213 to Aeryon
Labs Inc. The operations, including the attendant extensive safety measures, will provide a
satisfactory level of safety to the FAA and public.

    V. Conclusion

         For the reasons set forth above, the FAA should grant the requested exemption in full and
enable the proposed exciting and safe UAS operations.

                                Respectfully submitted,

                                COX MEDIA GROUP, LLC

                                By: /s/ Dave Siegler

                                Dave Siegler
                                Vice President Technical Operations
                                Cox Media Group, LLC
                                6205 Peachtree Dunwoody Road, NE
                                Atlanta, GA 30328
                                Tel: 678-645-4255

June 5, 2015

Enclosures:
· CMG Operations Manual
· DJI Phantom 2 User Manual

DJI Phantom 3 Professional, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced, and DJI Phantom 2 User Manuals are
incorporated by reference and are available at:
· DJI Phantom 3 Professional ­ http://download.dji-

    innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Professional_User_Manual_v1.2_en.
    pdf
· DJI Phantom 3 Advanced ­ http://download.dji-
    innovations.com/downloads/phantom_3/en/Phantom_3_Advanced_User_Manual_v1.2_en.p
    df
· DJI Inspire 1 ­ http://download.dji-
    innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2/en/PHANTOM2_User_Manual_v1.4_en.pdf

                             8
