June 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11770
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0895

Mr. Mark Ratcliff
Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC
2801 Surveyors Lane
Flower Mound, TX 75022

Dear Mr. Ratcliff:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 1, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct real estate photography, videography, and aerial surveying for other commercial
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                              Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC

April 1, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

  Re: Exemption Petition under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform
           Act, and Title 14 Part 11 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)

14 CFR 61.113,
14 CFR 91.7, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC (Crosstimbers) hereby applies for the grant of
exemption from certain Federal Aviation Regulations for Phantom II (Phantom)
Unmanned Aircraft manufactured by DJI Co.,Ltd. of China.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization (COA) to use the Phantom to support real estate photography,
videography, and aerial surveying for other commercial industries.

The Phantom Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) consists of a lightweight (4 lb) battery
operated quadcopter unmanned aircraft, onboard cameras, and associated
communications equipment.

The Phantom Unmanned Aircraft (UA) has previously demonstrated to have
successfully met the safety and operational requirements resulting in previous grants of
section 333 exemption requests by other commercial UAS operators.

The Phantom UA carries an onboard camera system that allows it to perform aerial
photography, videography, and surveying.

By approving the exemption, the Crosstimbers' UAS operations will create benefits to
both the economy and the environment which are ultimately in the public interest.

The aircraft will be operated with both a Pilot in Command and a Visual Observer in
accordance with the following additional restrictions:

Original 04/01/2015  Page 1
- All operations will occur at no more than 400' AGL
- The aircraft will be operated with the permission of the property owner
- When necessary, applicable permits will be acquired from local authorities
- The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas
- The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people
- The aircraft will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
- Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions
- Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight at no greater than 1/2 NM of the PIC at
all time
- While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC
- When necessary and applicable, Crosstimbers will file a NOTAM providing
radial/DME, radius, and a date/time group for each operation

For certain complex operations, Crosstimbers may assign one or two sensor/software
operators to assist the operations.

We submit that the combination of ;
- Phantom UAV's light weight and historically demonstrated safe operation and
receiving approvals of multiple section 333 petitions
- Fully qualified flight crew
- Restricted operations under the guidelines established within the grant,

         the FAA can have confidence that Crosstimbers' UAS the operations will have
an equivalent or greater level of safety of manned aircraft performing the same mission.

We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an
equivalent level of safety. Additional documents supporting this petition will be
submitted following this request.

We look forward to working with your office.
Please contact us at any time if you require additional information or clarification.

Respectfully,

Mark Ratcliff
Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC
2801 Surveyors Lane
Flower Mound, Texas 75022
Tel: 972-567-8989
Email: markratcliff@verizon.net

Original 04/01/2015  Page 2
                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

NAME, ADDRESS CONTACT INFORMATION OF PETITIONER .......................Page 4

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH CROSSTIMBERS
SEEKS EXEMPTION...................................................................................................Page 4
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS AND THE REASONS
CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS THE RELIEF .................................................................Pages 4 to 6
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CROSSTIMBERS'S REQUEST WOULD
BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .............................................................................. Page 7
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CROSSTIMBERS THE EXEMPTION WOULD
NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY ........................................................................ Page 8
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...............Page 9
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT CROSSTIMBERS'S REQUEST.................................Page 10
ACRONYMS............................................................................ Pages 11 & 12

Original 04/01/2015  Page 3
NAME, ADDRESS AND CONTACT INFORMATION OF PETITIONER

Mark Ratcliff
Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC
2801 Surveyors Lane
Flower Mound, Texas 75022
Tel: 972-567-8989
Email: markratcliff@verizon.net

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 CFR TO BE RELIEVED FROM

14 CFR 61.113,
14 CFR 91.7, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS AND THE REASONS
CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS THE RELIEF

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations:

Part 61.113 provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot
in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private
pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if;

     (1) flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we request to be relieved from
this regulation if our pilots at minimum,
(1) hold at least a current private pilot certificate and,
(2) hold a current third class medical certificate.
By meeting conditions (1) and (2), we believe that equivalent level of safety can be
achieved by complying with 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this
application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.7 Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

14CFR 91.7 (a) states,
         "No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition."

This rule prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate.
Since there is no such existing certificate that is applicable for the Phantom UAS to
properly comply with the FARs, we request that Crosstimbers to be relieved from this
regulation.

To provide equivalent level of safety, we will ensure that the Phantom UAS is in

Original 04/01/2015                                                                        Page 4
airworthy condition prior to every flight by following safety procedures described
in our operating documents.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General

This regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the
aircraft will be operating at a maximum of 400 feet AGL, we cannot comply with this
requirement.

To provide an equivalent level of safety we will only fly over private property with the
permission of the land owner. The land owner will be briefed of the expected route of
flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. We maintain that
due to the small size of the Phantom, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and
structures is not comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting
the exemption.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an
altimeter setting available within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft.
The Phantom aircraft will fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to maintain
hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with other aircraft.

To provide an equivalent level of safety, the PIC will check and confirm the Phantom's
GPS altitude read out before each flight.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-
VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing
and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes. We believe the intention of this rule is to
provide a reserve of energy as a safety buffer for go-arounds and other delays to
landing.
The Phantom UAS is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight with full
payload, from a single battery charge is approximately 25 minutes.
We believe that equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting our flight time to
20 minutes with reserve energy 20 % ( 5 minutes) on the battery.

Original 04/01/2015  Page 5
14 CFR 91 Subpart E ( 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417 )
Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the
aircraft in an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs
91.407 and 91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a
person authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that
the PIC, VO or authorized personnel to perform maintenance and inspection of the
aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service."

Crosstimbers requests that exemptions to the regulations under conditions below;

(1) Crosstimbers will follow Phantom's manufacturer maintenance instructions,
techniques and procedures

(2) Crosstimbers will designate, train, and document the personnel who will be
authorized to perform Inspection, Maintenance and Alterations by means of above
stated maintenance instructions.
Such designated personnel may include PIC, VO or other equivalent trained persons

(3) To ensure equivalent level of safety, PIC will inspect the UA before each flight
looking for any structural or mechanical malfunctions

Due to the small size, light weight and simplicity of the Phantom UAS, we believe that
the equivalent safety will be achieved by permitting any of the PIC, VO or equivalent
trained personnel, to perform maintenance, inspection and alterations of the aircraft
and " be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service. "

Original 04/01/2015  Page 6
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CROSSTIMBERS'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
PUBLIC INTEREST

We believe that granting our exemption request from,
14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417), is in the public's interest and
will benefit the public as a whole for the following reasons.

   1- Phantom is battery operated and free from the harmful emissions associated
       with the manned aircraft that are currently used for aerial photography and
       videography.
       As recently proven by several grants of section 333 petitions, UASs offer
       equivalent level of safety while reducing environmental impacts, which is in the
       public interest.

   2- Crosstimbers' UAS operations will contribute to a positive aggregate economic
       impact resulting in creation of jobs both direct and indirectly. Economic
       Research estimates that the UAS market will grow from $6 billion to $ 94 billion
       over the next decade resulting in a new workforce development.
         Because Crosstimbers' operations will create new jobs such as pilots, flight
         operation staff, and administrative supporting staff, it will directly cause positive
         economic impact, hence granting Crosstimbers' petition will benefit the public
         as a whole.

   3- Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
         Commercially flown UAS(s) into the national airspace system, hence the passing
         of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
         Granting Crosstimbers' petition furthers the public's interest as a demonstrated
         progression of integrating Unmanned Aircraft Systems into National Air Space,
         thus it will benefit public as a whole.

Original 04/01/2015  Page 7
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING CROSSTIMBERS THE EXEMPTION WOULD
NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY

Crosstimbers believes that the grant of exemption from,
14 CFR 61.113,
14 CFR 91.7, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417),
will not adversely affect safety by a combination of the reasons listed below.

    (a) We have stated in the above section " THE EXTENT OF RELIEF
         CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS AND THE REASONS CROSSTIMBERS SEEKS THE
         RELIEF " by describing how we intend to mitigate risk and accomplish FAA
         equivalent and acceptable level of safety for each 14 CFR part.

    (b) As a result of Phantom unmanned aircraft's size, weight, speed, operational
         capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line
         of sight combined with the implementation Crosstimbers' of safety procedures,
         we believe that granting Crosstimbers' exemption request will not adversely
         affect safety.

    (c) DJI Phantom II has demonstrated to satisfy necessary safety risk mitigation by
         FAA thus resulting in multiple grants of section 333 petitions.
         Because of the combination of Phantom's proven success and the conditions
         and limitations of our operations, we believe granting Crosstimbers request will
         not adversely safety.
         .

Original 04/01/2015  Page 8
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER

Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration

Petitioner: Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC

Petition of exemption from sections of ;

14 CFR 61.113,
14 CFR 91.7, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

Description of relief sought;

Crosstimbers seeks an exemption for commercial operation of the Phantom unmanned
aircraft manufactured by DJI Co, Ltd. of China.
The Phantom unmanned aircraft system has an onboard camera system capable of
acquiring high resolution data.
Proposed operations will offer real estate aerial photography, videography and aerial
surveying services for other commercial industries.

Original 04/01/2015  Page 9
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO
SUPPORT CROSSTIMBERS'S REQUEST

          Phantom II Unmanned Aircraft System

General Features

     Ready to Fly, Multifunctional Quad-rotor System
     Customized H3-2D and H3-3D Gimbal Support
     Precision Flight and Stable Hovering
     25min Flight Time & Smart Battery
     Auto Return-to-Home & Landing
     Advanced Power Management
     Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
     Easy Battery Replacement
     Self-tightening Propeller
     Video Downlink Support
     CAN-Bus Expansion Module
     Control Link radio operating frequency 2.4 GHz ISM
     Operating Distance 0.65 miles

       Aircraft Performance    2.5 lbs
                               4 lbs
Empty Weight                   30 Knots
Max Take-off Weight            Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
Max Flight Speed               200°/s
Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly)  35°
Max Yaw Angular Velocity       Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Max Tilt Angle                 350mm
Max Ascent / Descent Speed     25 minutes
Diagonal Length
Flight Time

No Privacy Issues

Crosstimbers' proposed operations will create no privacy issues because the Phantom

UAS will be operating in rural areas within the boundaries of the properties with the
land owner's permission.

Crosstimbers will also obtain any permits or authorizations from local authorities when

necessary.

Original 04/01/2015                                              Page 10
 AGL                 ACRONYMS
 ALoS
 AMOC                         Above Ground Level
 ASI                          Acceptable Level of Safety
 ATC                          Alternative Method of Compliance
 ATCAA                        Aviation Safety Inspector
 ATS                          Air Traffic Control
 AVS                          Air Traffic Control Assigned Airspace
 CFR                          Air Traffic Service
 COA                          Aviation Safety
 CRM                          Code of Federal Regulations
 CS                           Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
 CRS                          Crew Resource Management
 DCP                          Control Station
 DHS                          Certified Repair Station
 DME                          Divert/Contingency Point
 DOD                          Department of Homeland Security
 DSA                          Distance Measuring Equipment
 FAA                          Department of Defense
 FCC                          Detect, Sense, and Avoid System
 FARs                         Federal Aviation Administration
 FIR                          Federal Communications Commission
 FL                           Federal Aviation Regulations
 FSIMS                        Flight Information Region
                              Flight Level
 FTP                          Flight Standards Information Management
 FTS                          System
 Crosstimbers                 Flight Termination Point
 GHz                          Flight Termination System
 GCS                          Crosstimbers Video Partners LLC
 MHz                          Gigahertz
 MTOW                         Ground Control Station
 NAS                          Megahertz
 NM                           Maximum Takeoff Weight
 NOTAM                        National Airspace System
 OPA                          Nautical Mile
 PIC                          Notice To Airman
 Phantom                      Optionally Piloted Aircraft
 Phantom                      Pilot in Command
 R&D                          Phantom Unmanned Aircraft System
 RF                           Phantom Unmanned Aircraft
                              Research and Development
Original 04/01/2015           Radio Frequency

                                                                                    Page 11
RM                   Risk Management
RNAV                 Area Navigation
RTB                  Return to Base
RVSM                 Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum
TAS                  Traffic Advisory Systems
TC                   Type Certificate
UA                   Unmanned Aircraft
UAS                  Unmanned Aircraft System(s)
UAV                  Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
VFR                  Visual Flight Rules
VMC                  Visual Meteorological Conditions
VO                   Visual Observer

Original 04/01/2015  Page 12
