April 27, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11434
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0201

Mr. David Voyles
1300 Hoge Building
705 Second Avenue
Seattle, WA 98104

Dear Mr. Voyles:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct real estate aerial imaging services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Daniel W. Achatz is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Daniel W. Achatz is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                   January 24, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE Washington, DC 20590

Subj: Petition for Exemption to Operate the DJI Phantom 2 Quad-Copter Unmanned Aerial
        System for Commercial Aerial Photography Purposes

Dear Sir or Madam:

The purpose of this letter is to petition the Federal Aviation Administration for an exemption
from certain Federal Aviation Regulations in order for the petitioner, Daniel W. Achatz, to
operate an Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) within the Seattle metropolitan area of the National
Airspace System, in furtherance of his business as a real estate photographer. Mr. Achatz is
well acquainted with the risks that come with the privilege of operating an aircraft in the United
States, but also with the opportunities available via new unmanned flight technology. He holds
a Private Pilot Certificate and has logged over 500 hours of flight time in single-engine, land-
rated aircraft. He also has more than twenty hours of logged flight time of that particular
unmanned aircraft that is the subject of this Petition. As a real estate photographer, the
petitioner would like to combine the benefits of an unmanned aviation platform with his
profession as a photographer to further the opportunities for safe, cost-effective aerial imaging
services for the public at large.

Accordingly, and pursuant to 14 CFR §§ 11.61-.103 and Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012, PL 112-95 (Feb. 14, 2012), the petitioner is submitting
the following information with this request:

Identity ofPetitioner and Counsel to the Petitioner.

Petitioner:         Daniel W. Achatz
                    6552 Earl Avenue NW
                    Seattle, WA 9811 7
                    (206) 612-2830
                    dan@danachatz.com

Petitioner's Counsel: David Voyles
                            1300 Hoge Building, 705 Second Avenue
                            Seattle, WA 98104
                            (206) 455-3568
                            david@voylespllc.com

                    - 1-                                           Exemption Request
                                                                     Daniel W. Achatz
Description of Operations.

         A. The UAS that is the Subject of this Petition.

Mr. Achatz is the owner of a DJI Phantom 2 Aerial Kit unmanned aircraft with a serial number
of PH646002943 and its associated portable ground station controller (together the "Subject
UAS"). The Subject UAS is a quad-copter with a camera mounted beneath it, piloted via a
portable ground station. 1 It has an empty weight of approximately 1,000 grams, and a
maximum weight of 1,390 grams, with the GoPro Hero IV mounted as payload. He purchased
the Subject UAS as part of a Toronto Cinema Edition P2 Aerial Kit on January 14, 2015. The
Phantom 2 is a widely known unmanned aircraft, and is the same type of aircraft that was
recently the subject of the grant of an exemption by the FAA. See In re Douglas Trudeau, FAA
Exemption No. 11138 (Jan. 5, 2015).

The portable ground station used by Mr. Achatz to pilot the unmanned aircraft is a two-channel,
wireless communication device using an FCC-compliant 5.8GHz frequency band for the video
link, and a 2.4 GHz transmitted. The Subject UAS is equipped with lost-link capability, which
enables the Phantom 2 to enter a fail-safe Return-to-Home Mode in the event that the link
between the aircraft and the ground station is lost.2

The Subject UAS can operate for a total of approximately 20 minutes on one battery charge. It
has a maximum range from the ground station of 2,300 feet. However, it also has
programmable height and radius limits to establish an operations area. Without programming
the Subject UAS, it has a default height limit of 393 feet AGL.

         B. The UAS Pilot in Command.

Mr. Achatz began flying as a student pilot in 1979. He conducted his flight training
predominantly at Galvin Aviation at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington. He was issued his
private pilot certificate in August of 1984. As of the date of this letter, he has 526 hours of
accumulated flight time, with over 100 hours in a high-performance single engine aircraft with
retractable landing gear.

Mr. Achatz has never been subject to an FAA enforcement action. Nor has he ever been
involved with an aircraft accident or incident that required notification to the NTSB.

With regard to the Subject UAS, Mr. Achatz has made numerous flights as a hobbyist, and has
accumulated more than fifteen hours of flight time with the Subject UAS.

1 See Toronto Edition Packaging List, Nomenclature, and Operating Instructions, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
2 See Phantom 2 Flight Procedures, attached hereto as Exhibit B.

- 2-  Exemption Request
        Daniel W. Achatz
         C. UAS Operating Parameters and Intended Mission Profile.

Mr. Achatz is a professional photographer. He has worked for multiple sellers of real property
and real estate brokerages in the Seattle area on a contract basis to photograph homes listed for
sale. He intends to use the Subject UAS to conduct aerial photography for listing brokers.3

The vast majority of the petitioner's operations will be conducted in the Seattle metropolitan
area. However, his business takes him throughout the western Washington area. On the Seattle
Sectional Chart, those flights would occur generally within western Washington.4 Because the
operations may be conducted at various locations in the area during the period that the
exemption would be in effect, there are not specific locations at which Mr. Achatz intends to
operate.

Mr. Achatz would adopt with the following UAS Operating Parameters:

              1. All missions will be conducted below 300' AGL, and within a radius distance of
                     800' from the portable ground station.'

              2. Each mission will consist of one flight.

              3. Mr. Achatz will establish a fixed location where he will be positioned with the
                     portable ground station, and where he will post a sign near the ground station
                     stating, "Aerial Photography in Progress- Remain Back 150 feet."

              4. Mr. Achatz will act as the pilot in command and will have direct line of sight
                     visual observation of the aircraft at all times, and operate only within visual
                     line of sight. He will conduct all operations under his own personal and flight
                     safety protocols, and post a sign near his control station.

              5. In terms of proximity to the residence or structure being photographed, Mr.
                     Achatz may operate in a close proximity to the structure, and in some cases as
                     close as 25' away from the structure. When that happens, he will operate at
                     less than two miles per hour, making the risk of collision almost negligible.

              6. Prior to the start of a flight, Mr. Achatz will activate and use the UAS's global
                     positioning system flight safety procedure and lost-link procedure to ensure
                     return of the aircraft in the event of a lost link or compromised communication.

              7. On each mission, the aircraft will return to the control pad with no less than five
                     minutes of battery power remaining. 5

              8. Each mission will last for no more than twenty minutes of flight time.

3 Attached hereto as Exhibit Care examples of Mr. Achatz's aerial photography done on a recreational basis.
4 Exhibit D contains a chart with the coordinates ofthe proposed operating boundaries.
5 Attached hereto as Exhibit Eisa sample battery log for the Subject UAS, showing the percentage of battery

power remaining on landing.

-3-  Exemption Request
       Daniel W. Achatz
9. In the event that any mission would ever occur within the airspace of a specific
      airport (e.g., if the operation will involve photographing a residence located in
      a neighborhood in West Seattle, which falls within the KBFI Class D airspace)
       or controlled airspace, Mr. Achatz shall obtain the permission of that control
      tower to operate in that airspace or from the appropriate control authority.

10. In the event that any mission will occur within five miles of an airport, Mr.
      Achatz shall ensure the airport is notified of the estimated flight time, flight
      duration, elevation of flight, and pertinent information.

11. Mr. Achatz will conduct all flights in permissible weather, and during hours from
      BMNT to EENT.

Specific Sections of14 CFR From Which Petitioner Seeks an Exemption.

Mr. Achatz seeks an exemption from the following FARs:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H  Certification procedures for products and parts,
                           Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR Part 36             Noise standards: Type and airworthiness
14 CFR § 45.23             Display of marks; general
                           Certification: Pilots, flight instructors, and ground
14 CFR Part 61             instructors
                           Civil aircraft airworthiness
14 CFR § 91.7              Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
                           requirements
14 CFR § 91.9              Preflight action
                           Flight crewmembers at stations
14 CFR § 91.103            Flight instruction
14 CFR § 91.105            Minimum safe altitudes
14 CFR § 91.109            Altimeter settings
14 CFR § 91.119            Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions
14 CFR § 91.121            ATC clearance and flight plan in IFR conditions
14 CFR § 91.151            Civil aircraft: Certifications required
14 CFR § 91.1 73           Emergency locator transmitters
14 CFR § 91.203            Maintenance
14 CFR § 91.207
14 CFR Part 91, Subpart E

The Extent ofReliefSought, and Reasons for Seeking the Exemption.

         14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H. Part 21 establishes the procedures for issuance of
certificates of airworthiness, as mandated by 49 U.S.C. § 44704. Under Section 333 and 49
U.S.C. § 44701(b), the FAA may exempt aircraft from airworthiness certification. The
petitioner requests an exemption from the requirements of this Part because the size, weight,
speed, operational capability and proximity to airports in which the Subject UAS pose
significantly less of a risk that the risks posed by conventional aircraft. Manned aircraft pose

                           - 4-                                       Exemption Request
                                                                        Daniel W. Achatz
risks to the life and safety of the crew; that is not a consideration with the Subject UAS. Risks
to third parties are also minimized given the lightweight and slow speed at which the Subject
UAS would operate. Nor are there risks of fuel spillage or fire in the event of an accident. Thus
Mr. Achatz requests that the FAA waive the requirement that the Subject UAS, particularly the
aircraft portion, require an airworthiness certificate.

          14 CFR Part 36. FAR Part 36, Subparts A, F and 0, establish certain noise standards
for certification of various aircraft types. Because the Subject UAS would not have an
airworthiness certificate, and given its small size and negligible noise impact, the petitioner
requests an exemption from FAR Part 36.

         14 CFR § 45.23. FAR Part 45.23 establishes marking requirements for aircraft;
paragraph (b) mandates that the registration number be displayed in letters not less than two
inches in height. The Subject UAS is small enough that it cannot accommodate the type-size
requirement. Accordingly, Mr. Achatz requests an exemption from this part.

         14 CFR Part 61. FAR Part 61 sets forth the certification requirements for pilots.
Subpart E establishes the privileges and limitations for holders of a private pilot certificate. The
petitioner requests an exemption that would allow him to operate the Subject UAS for
compensation or hire as part of his aerial photography business for the reasons articulated in In
re Trudeau, FAA Exemption No. 11138, and In re Astraeus, FAA Exemption No. 11062. Mr.
Achatz will operate the Subject UAS over property where the owner or owner's representative
has requested that the operation occur. Furthermore, as a holder of a private pilot certificate,
Mr. Achatz is an Airman who meets the knowledge base and skill level for operating an UAS.
He thus requests and exemption from the requirement that he hold a commercial pilot certificate
and anything other than a Third Class Medical certificate.

         14 CFR § 91.7. Under FAR 91.7, no person may operate an aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition. To the extent that "airworthy" is defined as requiring an airworthiness
certificate, the petitioner would request an exemption from this FAR for the same reasons
identified in his request for an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H. He will not, however,
operate the Subject UAS if it is not in a condition for safe flight, as required under FAR 91.7(b).

         14 CFR § 91.9. Petitioner requests exemption from the requirement of FAR 91.9, which
requires that all aircraft have certain markings, placards and on-board flight manuals for the
same reasons as stated in his request fro exemption under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and for a
deviation from the marking requirements of 14 CFR Part 36, Subparts A, F, and 0.

         14 CFR § 91.103. FAR 91.103 mandates certain pre-flight action. Petitioner will take
all necessary pre-flight action, but requests an exemption from this requirement insofar as it is
interpreted as requiring pre-flight actions appropriate to manned aircraft only (e.g., that flights
be from an airport, etc.).

         14 CFR § 91.105. FAR 91.105 mandates that crewmembers be at designated stations,
have safety belts fastened, etc. Petitioner would be at a designated ground station for each
mission, but requests an exemption to accommodate the fact that the Subject UAS is unmanned.

-5-  Exemption Request
       Daniel W. Achatz
         14 CFR § 91.109. This FAR requires that all flight instruction be conducted in aircraft
that have dual controls, or throw-over controls, with an instructor. From time to time the
petitioner will conduct his own refresher training, but requests an exemption insofar as this FAR
would be interpreted to require that the ground control station have a second controller or dual-
control capability.

         14 CFR § 91.119. FAR 91.119 sets forth the minimum safe altitudes over various areas.
Petitioner requests an exemption from this this FAR in order to accomplish the intended
function of the mission for which he seeks an exemption.

         14 CFR § 91.121. FAR 91.121 mandates various altimeter settings in order to maintain
level flight. Petitioner requests and exemption from this FAR as the Subject UAV will not have
an altimeter that matches the requirements of this FAR. Operations with the Subject UAV will,
however, maintain altitude below the 300' AGL ceiling by the petitioner monitoring the altitude
of the UAS and through the Subject UAS's ability to establish a flight zone that cannot exceed
the ceiling.

         14 CFR § 91.151. Petitioner requests an exemption from the VFR-flight fuel carrying
requirements because the Subject UAS will operate on battery power. Operations with the
Subject UAS will, however, maintain a five-minute reserve battery time.

         19 CFR § 91.173. Petitioner requests an exemption from the IFR-clearance requirement
for flights into controlled airspace. It is possible Mr. Achatz may operate the Subject UAS in
conditions that are IFR within controlled airspace (e.g., a flight on a day with less than three
miles visibility in a neighborhood that falls within the Class D airspace of KBFI). He would
request that, after contacting ATC for the controlled airspace, he would be allowed to operate in
what might be IFR conditions, but where he still has complete and unfettered line of sight
visibility with the Subject UAS.

         14 CFR § 91.203. FAR 91.203 requires that a civil aircraft have an airworthiness
certificate and a registration certificate. Mr. Achatz requests that he be exempt from complying
with this FAR insofar as it mandates issuance of an airworthiness certificate, for the reasons
stated in his request for an exemption under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H.

         14 CFR § 91.207. FAR 91.207 prohibits operation of a US-registered aircraft unless it is
equipped with an emergency locator transmitter. Given the limited distance of flights of the
Subject UAS, Mr. Achatz requests and exemption from this FAR.

         14 CFR Part 91, Subpart E. FAR 91, Subpart E requires that owners or operators of
aircraft have the aircraft inspected at certain intervals, and by certain mechanics. Petitioner
requests an exemption from this Subpart because the Subject UAS has a trouble-shooting and
maintenance program that is best executed by the owner/operator, and is simply different from
the maintenance of manned aircraft. Petitioner will, however, maintain a maintenance log and
any maintenance records of repair of the Subject UAS.

-6-  Exemption Request
       Daniel W. Achatz
Public Interest and Benefit Considerations.

Aerial imaging services generally require use of a manned platform. Close-proximity aerial
photography is difficult to do, and usually requires the use of a helicopter or slow-moving
aircraft at an appropriate distance over a populated area. The operation must be conducted in
VFR conditions, and adds aircraft in congested airspace.

By using the Subject UAS, Mr. Achatz aims to provide the public with quality aerial
photography services at a fraction of the cost involved with manned flight. Furthermore, the
risks inherent with manned flight are significantly reduced where the aircraft conducting the
operation is less than five pounds, remains below 300' AGL, and can operate within a very
confined cylinder on or directly over the location being photographed. Finally, as a certificated
airman, he has the knowledge and experience to conduct a safe, efficient flight operation in
furtherance of his primary occupation. Thus the public will be better served by having more
affordable aerial imaging options available, and through an operation that is being conducted by
an FAA-certificated airman.

Why the Exemptions Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

The proposed operations will not adversely affect safety for four primary reasons.

         First, the operations will be conducted in airspace where there is typically no activity
among other users of the NAS. Flights are limited to property over which the owner has
requested that the Subject UAS operate, so the owners will be aware of the flight operation. As
a pilot himself, Mr. Achatz fully recognizes the dangers that a small UAV could pose to all
types of manned aircraft. The operations he is proposing to undertake pending approval of this
Exemption Request are operations where manned aircraft will not fly. There would be a rigid
separation between where a manned aircraft can fly (particularly due to FAR 91.119 which
establishes minimum safe altitudes, to include an absolute prohibition of operating an aircraft
within 500' of any structure) and where Mr. Achatz would operate the UAV.

         Second, the Subject UAS is simply not a large aircraft. Weighing in at a maximum of
five pounds fully loaded, the likelihood that it would damage property or injure a person is not
low, even in the event of a mishap. Furthermore, aerial imaging is still something done via
manned aircraft, and the risk there is at least equal to the risk posed by the proposed operation.

         Third, the Subject UAS has inherent lost-link capabilities to bring it back to its operating
base for each mission. It is a redundant system for a more foreseeable problem that could arise.

         Fourth, the Subject UAS will be operated only by the petitioner. Mr. Achatz is a
certificated pilot with sufficient flight time and experience with the aircraft to conduct a
reasonably safe operation.

-7-  Exemption Request
       Daniel W. Achatz
Languagefor Inclusion in the Federal Register.

Mr. Achatz proposes that the following language be included in the Federal Register:

                  Petitionfor Exemption.

                  Federal Aviation Regulations from which Petitioner seeks exemption: 14
                   CFR 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; Part 36; § 45.23; Part 61; §§ 91. 7;
                   91.9; 91.103; 91.105; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151; 91.173; 91.203;
                   91.207; and 14 CFR Part 91, Subpart E.

                  Description of Relief Sought: The petitioner is seeking an exemption
                  from the above-referenced Federal Aviation Regulations to conduct
                   aerial photography using a light, unmanned aerial vehicle for
                   homeowners and real estate brokers seeking to provide aerial images of
                   homes being listedfor sale in the Seattle metropolitan area.

Conclusion.

Mr. Achatz and the undersigned counsel thank the FAA for considering this request. Please do
not hesitate to contact us should there be a need for additional information. We look forward to
working with the FAA in its determination, and to being part of the discussion as the FAA
considers how to expand, train, test, register, track and control commercial UAV use in the
United States.

Respectfully Submitted,

Daniel W. Achatz  C~~J~./Voy'le;s F ?-,___
Petitioner                 Counsel to the Petitioner

                  -8-  Exemption Request
                         Daniel W. Achatz
Exhibit A- Toronto Edition Packaging List, Nomenclature, and Operating Instructions
                         Toronto Edition Packaging List

Congratulations on your purchase of a DSLRPros Toronto Edition Aerial Kit. Inside
your Special Edition tough case you will find the following items with numbers that
correspond to the kit image on the following page.

    1. Set Of 4 Self-Tightening Propeller Blades (Carbon Fiber Blades Not Pictured)
    2. Propeller Guards
    3. DJI Phantom 2 With 3-Axis Gimbal Pre-Installed
    4. DJI Phantom 2 Quick Start Guide
    5. DSLRPros Lanyard For DJI Remote
    6. Set Of Spare Gimbal Vibration Absorbers
    7. DJI Smart Flight Battery Charger
    8. Set of 2 DJI Smart Flight Batteries (1 Shown)
    9. Field Monitor Cables
    10. DSLRPros 7" FPV Field Monitor
    11. DJI Remote Transmitter
    12. Sun Shade For FPV Field Monitor
    13. Anti-Drop Pins For Gimbal
    14. FPV Field Monitor Charger
    15. A/C Power Cables For Field Monitor Charger
    16. Set Of Spare Screws and Propeller Wrench
    17. Set OfAntennas For FPV Field Monitor
    18. Micro-USB Cable
    19. A/C Power Cable For DJI Smart Flight Battery Charger
    20. International Plug Set
    21. Philip's Head Screwdriver
    22. String For Propeller Guards
N                   N
                    N
         ·
            M

                '
           pD S L R r'()s- TM

PLEASE READ ALL TOPICS BEFORE POWERING ON FOR FIRST TIME

New pilots should NOT fly the Phantom with the Gimbal attached until they have had at least 10
hours of flight practice. Refer to the Zenmuse H3-3D operator's manual for installation and
removal instructions (found on www.dji.com).

DJI Phantom 2 Wiki: http://wiki.dji.com/en/index.php/Phantom 2
DJI Phantom 2 Videos: .lillp://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2/video

For DSLRPros videos please visit our YouTube Channel
Link: http: //www.youtube.com/channel/UCJUVqDvAzr1jbdrmhxsH7jw

1. Turning On Your Transmitter and Phantom 2
2. Advanced Calibration
3. Compass Calibration
4. LED Break Down
5. GoPro Shooting Preferences
6. Flight Modes
7. OEM Phantom Controller/Transmitter (If Applicable)
8. Futaba Controller/Transmitter (If Applicable)
9. Propeller Installation
10. Gimbal Installation & Removal
11. Updating Your Software
12. Battery Safety

           WARNING:

DO NOT fly with zip ties attached to Phantom. Zip ties are installed for shipping purposes only.

DO NOT use WiFi with the GoPro on the Phantom. This will cause the pilot to lose control over

the craft and result in a flyaway.                                  II1
DO NOT power on the Phantom without a GoPro attached

to the gimbal. This will damage the gimbal and render it

unusable.

Be sure to add the anti-drop caps to the gimbal before
flying with the gimbal attached.

It is the owner's responsibility to be certain that the
propeller blades are attached properly and securely
fastened before every flight. It is recommended that
novice pilots learn to fly with the white plastic propellers
1. Turning On Your Transmitter and Phantom 2

   · Always turn on your transmitter before turning on your craft. To turn on our transmitter press the

         power switch to the "on" position. Make sure your throttle is all the way down and the toggle
         switches are in the uppermost position before turning on your transmitter.

   · To turn on your Phantom 2 insert the DJI Smart Flight Battery into the craft, press the circular

         power button once, then press again and hold until the Power Light on the battery turns red.

2. Advanced Calibration

         Make sure the settings have been properly adjusted so that the Phantom can run with the best
         performance possible.

    · Plug the Phantom into your PC or Mac using the USB cable provided.
    · Power on the transmitter with the throttle all the way down.

   · Power on the Phantom.
   · Open the DJI Phantom Application.

    · Go to the "Tools" tab.

   · Click "Advance."

    · Make sure there is no metal anywhere around the compass.
    · Do not touch the table that the craft is on and make sure it is very still.

   · Click "advanced cali."
   · When a box pops up that says "power down MC" ignore it, click OK, and do not touch anything.
   · When the advanced calibration has completed successfully, a green check mark will appear to the

         right of the status bar.

3. Compass Calibration

         It is important to calibrate your compass outdoors every time you fly your craft. This allows the
         Phantom to track its own position from multiple satellites and ensures optimal performance.

   · Set the Phantom on a flat surface.
   · With the throttle down and all switches in the uppermost position power up the transmitter and

         then power up the Phantom.
    · Wait until the Phantom has full GPS lock. You will know the Phantom has full GPS lock when the

         LEDs under the Phantom's arms are green and blinking.
    · Flip the flight mode switch from "GPS" to "Atti" five times in a steady motion until the lights on the

         underside of the craft turn a solid, unblinking yellow.

   · Pick up the Phantom (do not hold by compass).

    · Hold the Phantom straight out and turn your body in a complete circle until the lights turn from

        yellow to solid green.

    · Stop turning.
    · Rotate the Phantom vertically so that the USB port is facing straight down and repeat your 360-

         degree rotation until the lights blink green again.

    · Place the Phantom back on the ground and look to see that there are only green blinking lights. If
        not, repeat the process.
4. LED Break Down

         This list will help users understand what all the different LED light combinations on the Phantom
         mean.

    · Initialization: Slow} steady flashing yellow lights.
    · Satellite Lock: 2 green blinks.
    · Transmitter Off: Rapid steady flashing yellow lights.
    · IOC Enabled: Users will see green flashing lights but intermittently have a yellow flash indicating

         that it is working. Be sure to fly more than 30 feet away from the craft's home location.
    · DO NOT fly with any red lights at all.

4. Starting Up the FPV (If Applicable)

         Follow these steps to properly turn on the FPV connection. Not following these steps may result in
         damage to the system.

    · Make sure the GoPro is connected and powered on.
   · Make sure the antennas are screwed in to both the TX and Monitor/Rx of the FPV system before

         powering on.

   · Make sure the BAND and CHANNELS on both the FPV TX and Monitor/Rx are the same. Our FPV

         system is multichannel and multi-band capable.

    · When the digital counter turns on the FPV TX is on and transmitting.

   · Turn on the FPV Monitor/Rx by pressing and holding the power button for 3 seconds. A red light

         next to the power button will turn on when the Monitor is on.

5. GoPro Shooting Preferences

         The Go Pro has an array of different shooting modes and settings. This can be overwhelming for
         users who are not accustomed to using a GoPro} so here is a quick reference guide on our
         recommendations for different shooting conditions. More information can be found in the GoPRo
         manual.

     · Overall best shooting: 2.7k1 30 FPSJ
     · Low light shooting: 1080P 30 FPSJ Wide} No Pro tune
     · Slow motion: 1080p at 60 fps (any setting at a higher fps than 60)
     · Put all GoPro footage through "CineForm}) (free editing/conversion software offered by GoPro)

         before putting it into any other editing program.

6. Flight Modes

         The Phantom 2 comes with multiple flight modes that allow users to control the Phantom in many
         different ways.

      · Attitude Mode: Maintains altitude but the craft will keep moving in one direction when influenced
          by wind or momentum.

      · GPS Attitude Mode: Maintains altitude and position. Even if acted upon by an outside force it will
          return to its last location (where the user let go of the sticks).

      · IOC Mode: No matter the position of the Phantom} the directional controls will always remain the
          same.
7. OEM Phantom Controller/Transmitter (If Applicable)

         The Phantom OEM Controller/Transmitter is the default transmitter for the Phantom 2.

     · Refer to the DJI tutorials and User Manual for flight controls and information.
     · The DSLRPros Lanyard attaches to the OEM Phantom Transmitter by the silver loop above the

         power switch.

8. Futaba Controller/Transmitter (If Applicable)

         The Futaba controller is the ideal controller for DSLRPros aerial kits. This is an upgraded
         controller that provides more options when piloting the Phantom.

         The LiPo charger is meant to charge the LiPo battery only. NEVER charge a LiPo battery with any
         charger that is not a LiPo battery charger. Incorrect charging can cause damage the battery that
         may result in severe damage to persons and surroundings.

   · Left Stick: Located on the left hand side of the transmitter, pressing up and down on the throttle

         controls vertical movements. Pressing left and right on the throttle stick causes the aerial to rotate
         clockwise or counter-clockwise.

   · Right Stick: Located on the right hand side of the transmitter, the right stick controls forward and

         backward movement and left and right horizontal movement.

   · To turn on the motors for your craft, move both the left and right control stick all the way down

         and towards the center of the transmitter. Release the sticks when the motors begin to spin.

   · SA Toggle Switch: This is the Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) mode, which is NOT enabled by

         default. This switch is located on the left side of the transmitter just above the throttle control.

   · SE Toggle Switch: This controls the flight mode. This switch is located on the top, left hand side of

         the transmitter. See the ''Advanced NAZA Assistant Manual" for further details.

   · SH Toggle Switch: This is the timer reset. This timer is set to warn the user when to start landing

         the Phantom. This switch is located on the top, right hand side of the transmitter.
   · RD Knob: This sets the gimbal stopping point for the tilt. The trim slider on the rear, right side of

         the Futaba controls the tilt. The RD knob is located on the front of the transmitter, above the
         power switch.

   · SD Toggle Switch: The Dual Rate option on the Futaba allows users to limit the overall speed at

         which the Phantom can operate through the "Fluid Slow Pan" mode.

9. Propeller Installation

It is the owner's responsibility to be certain that the propeller blades are attached properly and securely
fastened before every flight. All propeller blades are directional and can only be attached to one set of
motors. Installing a propeller blade on the wrong motor can result in damage to the craft. If you are
unsure about how to install your propeller blades, contact DSLRPros before attempting to fly your craft.

It is recommended that novice pilots learn to fly with the white plastic propellers. The carbon fiber
propellers are for experienced pilots. They are of a different construction and can be much more
dangerous for inexperienced pilots.

Proper direction for rotation is necessary when attaching propeller blades. When the front of the craft is
facing the user, the motors are numbered 1 to 4 (counter clockwise), starting with the left hand motor.
Prop nuts on motors 1 & 3 tighten by spinning clockwise while prop nuts on motors 2 & 4 tighten in a
counter clockwise direction.
Motor#2       DSLRPros Carbon Fiber Props are NOT self-tightening.

~Prop .spins                                       Motor#1

cw:                                                                  -Prop spins

                                                          ccw

                                                                                                                                           -Prop nut
                                                                                                                                     tightensCW

To attach the propellers, remove the warning discs from the motors and spin the propeller blades onto
the corresponding motor in the direction indicated by the above image. Correct propeller installation is
necessary for proper flight. Additional information can be found in the DJI User Manual.

Propeller guards are to be used for indoor situations only. Please follow the instructions below to install
prop guards.

    · To install your propeller guards, carefully place your craft upside down on a stable, flat surface.
    · Under each motor, you will see 4 2mm Hex screws. Remove the two outermost screws from the

         base of each motor. Do not discard the removed screws.
    · Use the propeller guard screws (note that these screws are longer than those that you just

         removed from the P2) to secure the propeller guards to the base of the motors.
    · For added security, thread the white string included with your purchase through the eyes of the

         propeller guards.

10. Gimbal Installation & Removal

It is highly recommended that new pilots remove the lower half of the gimbal before flight practice so that
in the event of a crash while learning to fly the Phantom the Zenmuse H3-3D will not be damaged. Please
refer to the Zenmuse H3-3D operator manual for detailed installation and removal procedures. The
images and directions below are only supplemental to the manuals found on the DJI website.

Only the lower half of the gimbal is attached and secured in place via the rubber tension grommets, which
have a lip that fits into the bracket rings. While these provide enough tension to retain the gimbal during
flight they can come loose if the craft is involved in a significant crash. The grey/black ribbon cable will
be the only connection to the craft for power and video. This cable can be disconnected and reconnected
at will after the lower half is removed from the brackets.

    · To disconnect your gimbal, pinch the rubber tension grommets and pull out of the top plate.
    · Disconnect the ribbon cable from the gimbal by firmly pulling it out of the back of the gimbal. It is

         recommended that you disconnect the gimbal cable before performing any firmware updates.
         Failure to do so can result in damage to your gimbal.
    · To reconnect your gimbal, pinch the rubber tension grommets back into place and reattach the

        ribbon cable.

    · Be sure to attach the anti-drop pins before flying with your gimbal installed.

11. Updating Your Software
It is recommended that you periodically check for software updates using the DJI assistant software
application. When upgrading the firmware on either the transmitter or the craft, be sure to disconnect the
gimbal from the craft. Upgrading your software with the gimbal's ribbon cable still attached can
permanently damage the gimbal.

    · Plug the Phantom into your PC or Mac using the USB cable provided.
    · Power on the transmitter with the throttle all the way down.
    · Power on the Phantom.
    · Open the DJI Phantom software.
    · Go to the "Upgrade" tab.
    · If upgrades are available, check with DSLRPros to ensure that the upgrade is necessary before

         installing.
    · After the upgrade is complete, power down your craft and transmitter before reattaching the

         gimbal.
12. Battery Safety
It is vital to the safety of your aerial craft, yourself, and others that you practice proper battery safety
when using, charging, and storing all batteries used with your Phantom. Improper use, charging, and/or
storage of batteries can result in damage to the battery or personal property. Please adhere to all battery
safety guidelines in the included manuals. The estimated flight time for a Phantom 2 with H3-3D gimbal
under ideal conditions is 11 minutes.
· Only charge your batteries using the included charging units. Failure to do so may result in fire.

· Never charge batteries unattended.

· If you notice that a battery is swelling or ballooning,

immediately discontinue the charge, remove the battery

from the charger, and observe the battery outside and

away from any combustible materials for at least 15

minutes.

· In the event of a crash, remove the battery from the craft

and observe it in a safe location looking for swelling or

damage for at least 15 minutes before using the battery

again.

· When storing your batteries for more than two weeks,

you must reduce their charge to storage mode. Refer to

your manual for proper battery storage procedures.                 DO

                                                                   NOT

                                                                   USE

If your kit includes a Futaba transmitter with a Lithium Polymer

Battery, please adhere to the guidelines outlined in the charger
manual and only use the included Futaba charging station when ~gr

charging a Futaba battery. It is always recommended to charge use

and store your LiPo batteries in a LiPo Safe Flame Resistant bag.

Failure to do so can result in fire.                               ~-------------------~

                                      is recommended that you use the Balance(BAL) setting
                                                    when charging LiPo batteries.

                                       DSLRPros 2600mAH LiPo battery is 2 Cell(2S) and
                                                  charges at NO more than 2Amps.
                                             DSLRPros Futaba 8FG Black Edition Super 14-Channel
                                             Ultimate Kit Replacement Transmitter

                                  Pre-programmed Control Guide

                                                                                                        (5)

(1) SE Toggle Switch (GPS, ATTl, ATTl): This is your flight mode control. The lowest ATTl position
can be set to trigger "FAILSAFE" as an advanced feature. See you DJI Phantom "Advanced NAZA
Assistant Manual" for further details.
(2) SA Toggle Switch (OFF, COURSE LOCK, HOME LOCK): This is your Intelligent Orientation Control or IOC. This mode is not
enabled by default.
(3) SB and SC Toggle Switches (OFF, SMALL RADIUS, LARGE RADIUS): These switches control the advanced Point of Interest flight
profiles. This function allows the operator to bank left or right using only the right joystick. Using the SB Toggle will allow the pilot to
fly an inside pivot around a central object. Using the SC Toggle will enable you to fly an outside pivot. These functions are reserved
for advanced users and NOT enabled at default.
(4) RD Knob: This knob sets the gimbal's stopping point for the camera tilt. The tilt is controlled by the trim lever on the rear
right side of the Futaba.
(5) SD Toggle Switch (OFF, 30%, 50%): This enables the "Fluid Slow Pan" mode.
(6) Throttle and Pan Control Stick.
(7) Forward, Backward, Left and Right Control Stick.
(8) SH Toggle Switch: This is your timer reset. The Futaba comes with dual timers set to give you an audible alarm at 4 minutes and
again at 8 minutes. Once you switch out a new battery, use the SH switch to zero out the timer. NOTE: The automatic timer should
only be used as a reference point and should not be relied upon for accurate battery life. Under ideal conditions, a Phantom 2 with
H3-3D axis installed will have 11 minutes of flight time.
Exhibit B -Phantom 2 Flight Procedures
            DSLRPr'()S'TM

            Phantom 2 Flight Procedures

It is recommended that you follow this procedure when flying your craft.

0 Be certain that the WiFi function on your GoPro is off. If you see a flashing blue

light on your GoPro, this means the WiFi function is on and must be turned off
before starting your craft.

0 Check that batteries for transmitter and craft are fully charged and properly

installed.

;0 Check that a camera is connected to gimbal.  I

                                                I

0 Check that antennas are connected to FPV monito1

·0 Check that propellers are securely fastened to motprs.

0 Place all switches on transmitter in their uppermost position with the throttle all

    the way down.                               I
0 Power on your transmitter.

0 Power on your craft and wait for LED lights to stop flashing red, indicating that

your craft has achieved its GPS signal.

0 Perform a compass calibration.

0 With the craft on an even surface at least ten feet away from you, start the

motors by moving the control sticks down and towards the center of the
transmitter.

0 Press up on the throttle to take off.
Exhibit C- Examples of Mr. Achatz's Aerial Photography Done on a Recreational Basis
Exhibit D -Boundary of Intended Area of Operation

Boundary Points:  N48°56.77' W120°43.20'147°
                  N47°17.97' Wll9°59.47'166°
                  N46°ll.40' W120°2.42'245°
                  N45°59.46' W121 °38.66'265°
                  N46°8.91' W122°52.98'249°
                  N46°4.30' W124°3.22'337
                  N46°49.66' W124°10.87'326°
                  N47°34.60' W124°32.07'332°
                  N48°26.45' W124°48.58'087
                  N48°ll.77' Wl23°21.34'022°
                  N48°25.75' Wl23°4.66'321 o
                  N48°39.42' W123°13.24'040°
                  N48°45.54' W122°59.42'326°
                  N48°59.22' Wl23°5.86'072°
                  N48°59.45' W120°43.83'
ExhibitE-  Log for Phantom Battery
                                                                        ---"~'~"-' - - ---~  ---'-~- - - - -----~ ________ I_  ----------

Date  Type                Flight time   Battery Log for Phantom Batt 1

11/13/14 Phantom 2                           % left on Landing
                                       0.4 24%
11/13/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 27%
                                       0.4 26%
11/15/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 25%
                                       0.4 27%
11/15/14 Phanton 2                     0.4 25%
                                       0.4 26%
11/16/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 26%
                                       0.4 25%
11/24/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 27%
                                       0.4 26%
11/25/14 Phantom 2
                                       OA 24%
12/08/13 Phantom 2
                                       0.4 25%
12/12/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 28%
                                       0.4 26%
12/12/14 Phantom 2 ·                   0.4 27%
                                       0.4 29%
12/15/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 .28%
                                       0.4 29%
12/23/14 Phantom 2                     0.4 28%
                                       0.4 27%
12/23/14 Phanton 2                     0.4 27%·
                                       0.4 26%
      12/24/14 Phantom 2               0.4 23%
                                       0.4 27%
      12/29/14 Phantom 2               0.4 27%

12/29/14 Phantom 2

01/01/15 Phantom 2

      .1/1/15 Phantom 2

      1/1/15 Phantom 2

      1/6/15 Phantom 2

      1/8/15 Phantom 2

      9-Jan Phantom 2

11/12/15 Phantom 2

11/13/15 Pahtom 2

      14-Nov Phantom 2

      16-Jan Phantom 2
