July 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12136
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1632

Mr. Daryll Griff
1632 Briar Rose
Costa Mesa, CA 92626

Dear Mr. Griff:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Daryll Griff is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Daryll Griff is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                      April 20, 2015

Daryll Griff
1632 Briar Rose
Costa Mesa, Ca 92626
PlexusData@ca.rr.com

FAA

Docket Management Facility
U.S. Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
West Building, Ground Floor, Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

To whom it may concern, Re: Docket Number FAA-2015-0150

         I would like to start by giving a brief description of myself. I am a 53 year old married
man, and I consider myself a professional adult and a responsible member of the community. I
am hoping to take piloting an unmanned aerial system beyond the point of hobby and into a
professional occupation. I have spent 13 years of the past 20 years my life in the field of
Computer Hardware Manufacturing. I was the sole owner of Plexus Data Inc. in Irvine, California
(now wound down) and was at many times in possession of private, privileged, and extremely
confidential information, which entitled me to a huge level of professional trust with my
customers. Prior to that in the mid 1980's I was a Real Estate Agent and a Mortgage Broker.

         I have been interested in remote control quadcopters since they began making them
more user friendly. I have purchased a DJI Phantom Series and have flown it for many hours
and feel very experienced with it. They are a fun and very addictive system with the potential to
be a valuable business tool. What could be a better way to make money doing something that I
consider fun? I began taking pictures with a camera attached to it not long after I purchased it. I
took pictures for numerous family functions and looked into doing it professionally, for real
estate, now that I have closed down Plexus Data Inc. due to the commoditization of computer
hardware.

         In Southern California, there is an extremely large amount of real estate bought and
sold, and having an extra tool available to offer a real estate company in this competitive
market, I hope will help effectuate a sale, and would be an affordable way of providing such a
service.

         I found that there was not really any way of doing it professionally because the rules had
not been written. I kept checking back periodically and eventually found my way here. I got wind
of a realtor just getting an approved COA and jumped at the opportunity. My petition is basically
going to shadow that of Mr. Trudeau. After reading over his grant of exemption, he has
described basically everything I wish to do. I am not a realtor however, and if and when I were
to receive a grant of exemption, I would take on a position of photographer, videographer, and
editor. I do not have a business yet but receiving a grant would be the final step before starting
one. I also plan to purchase an additional (new version of the DJI Phantom) and different model
of quadcopter to use than that of Mr. Trudeau. Same manufacturer as his, but a more advanced
and updated system. It has not been released to the public yet but will be soon, maybe by the
time you read this. It is also manufactured by the same company that made my first quad, the
original DJI phantom. I have funding resources available to me, and by the time I would receive
exemption, I should already have many more hours of flight time with the UAS. I will begin the
petition for exemption below:

To the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA),

         I hereby request exemption from part 21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a)
and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations (14 CFR).

I support my request with the following information:

         I plan to operate a UAS, the DJI Inspire 1, which is comprised of an unmanned aircraft
and a transportable ground station. The Inspire 1 is referred to as a quad-copter with a
maximum gross weight of about 3 kilograms. It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by
electric motors powered by a battery. The UA has a maximum airspeed of 22 m/s. The quad
has a built in high definition camera. I plan to operate the UA over various areas near Orange
County California to enhance real estate listing videos and photographs. I make the following
representations of operational enhancements which I propose to abide by to ensure this
exemption will provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules:

         · I will only operate in reasonably safe environments that are strictly controlled, are
away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; and

         · I will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which safety
carries primary importance.

         I state that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates)
and § 91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is
warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11
and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

         I request an exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because his UA will not have
a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, I state that
two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft with dimensions smaller than the
minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of this, I state that I will mark his UAS in the largest
possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) so
that he or anyone assisting him as a spotter will see the markings.

         I state that an exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a)
and (b) Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they only apply
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. However, I state that as a safety precaution I will
perform a preflight inspection of his UAS before each flight as outlined in my operating
documents.
UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

         I assert that under § 61.113 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to noncommercial
operations, however I can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, I state that, while
helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. I further indicate that the risks
of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined
in 14 CFR part 61, et seq., thus I request an exemption from § 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges
and Limitations: Pilot in command.
Regarding UAS operational training, I have flown numerous practice flights in remote areas as a
hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the
characteristics of his UAS' performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I
have also practiced computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate skills and response
reflex time.
In a supplemental request to the FAA, I request consideration of a 120 day temporary airman
certificate in accordance with § 63.13, to allow time to obtain a private pilot certificate or to allow
the FAA time to establish minimum UAS airman certification standards.

UAS Operating Parameters

         I will abide by the following additional operating conditions under this exemption:

         · operate my UAS below 300 feet and within a radius distance of 1000 feet from
         the controller to both aid in direct line of sight visual observation; 1
         · operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight;
         · land my UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery
         power;
         · operate my UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS);
         · use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it
         hovers and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
         · conduct all operations under my own personal and flight safety protocols
         (including posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress ­
         Remain Back 150 feet") contained in the operating documents and will actively analyze
         flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance my safety
         protocols;
         · contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of
         my estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
         information;
         · always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and
         · have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
         potential danger.

         I note that § 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. I assert that since there is currently no certificate applicable to my operation, this
regulation is inapplicable.

         I note that § 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however since
there are no pilots or passengers on board his aircraft and given its size, this regulation is
inapplicable. I further indicate an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.
         I note that § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but that it
allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. I state that I will not
operate his UAS above the altitude of 300 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only
operate in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing a level of safety at least
equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. I assert that given the size,
weight, maneuverability, and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be
achieved.

         I note that § 91.121 Altimeter settings is inapplicable since my UAS utilizes electronic
GPS with a barometric sensor.

Public Interest

         I state that aerial videography and photography for geographical awareness and for real
estate marketing has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters, but for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. Granting this
exemption to myself would allow me to provide this service at a much lower cost.

Further, I would like to indicate my small UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small
size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. I would also like to
state that the operation of my UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote economic
growth by providing information to companies or individuals doing business in the Southern
California region.

Conclusion

         I would like to conclude by saying thank you for your consideration and time reading this
petition. This has been a desire of mine since quadcopters became available to the public. I
have only flown as a hobby to not break any laws until with hopes to become commercial. I see
nothing but positive coming from it from this new technology. The state of California makes
money from the sale of real estate. The realtor would have an advantage because of a much
clearer view of properties. The consumer gets a better look at things. I get to pursue hopefully a
new career and be a pioneer in a virtually new field of photography. All along the way, the
federal government collects taxes from all of us. The economy benefits with very little risk of
accidents and/or damages from these flyovers.

Thank you again.
Very respectfully,

Daryll Griff
