September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13032
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1434

Mr. David Simmons
Viewpoint Elevated Imagery, LLC
14806 Adios
San Antonio, TX 78248

Dear Mr. Simmons:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 24, 2015, and July 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. David Simmons is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. David Simmons is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                          Viewpoint Elevated Imagery, LLC
                                                          David Simmons
                                                            14806 Adios

                                                 San Antonio, TX 78248

                                                FAA Rulemaking Section
                                                              333

                                                            Of the
                                             FAA Reform Act and Part 11

July 13. 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Attention: FAAAdministrator

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations form 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.7 (a); 14 CFR 91.9
(b) (2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.119; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151 (a); 14 CFR 91.203
(a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.215 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.131 (d); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 407 (a) (1); 14 CFR 409
(a) (2); 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

Dear Administrator,

Pursuant to the Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (The Reform Act) and 14
CFR Part 11, Terry Camnitz (LAI.) is the operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS) equipped to
conduct aerial photography and cinematography services hereby applies for an exemption from the listed
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operations of its sUAS so long as such
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the
FAA as required by Section 333.

As described in more detail below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in the NAS that is both limited
and predetermined. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe
operations of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333 (c) of the Reform Act.

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part21
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151(a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.215 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.131(d)
14 CFR 91 405(a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)
This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333 (a)
through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of sUASs do not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

    · The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas
    · Operation of the sUAS within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot/"Operator"

Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act,
that includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from the requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702- 44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44744(a); 49 USC §44704l 14
CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

Low Altitude Imaging Inc. UASs are rotorcraft weighting 55 or fewer lbs. including payload. They operate
under normal conditions at a speed of no more that 50 kts and have the capability to hover, and move in
the vertical and horizontal plan simultaneously. They will operate only in line of sight of the
Pilot/"Operator" and will operate with the permission of the property owner or a representative. Such
operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or
the public" as per the Reform Act Section 333 (b).

Applicant submits the attached (LAI), Safety Policy and (LAI). Operations Checklist as confidential
documents under 14 CFR 11.35 (b) as these documents contain proprietary information that the
applicant has not and will not share with others. The safety policy contains operating conditions and
procedures that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
Information Act 5 USC 552 et.seq.

Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the limited environment within which that will operate,
the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress
envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence
immediately. Also due to the size of the sUASs and the limited areas in which the relevant sUASs will
operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue. Given the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the
strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety with allowing sUASs for commercial aerial videography and photography
operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and they operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least
and equivalent or even higher level of safety of operations under the current regulatory structure
because the proposed operations are conducted on closed off property under the permission of the
property owner or property representative.

These limitations and conditions to which (LAI) agrees to be bound when conducting commercial
operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

    1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs.
    2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of a Pilot/"Operator" and/or observer.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated

         at 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet AGL or, when photographing a

         structure taller than 500 feet, the sUAS will not be operated more than 100' above the highest
         point on the structure.
    5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot/"Operator", and the Visual
         Observer.
    6. sUAS Pilot/"Operator" will be Pilot in Command (PIC). If the Pilot/"Operator" deems another
         "Pilot/"Operator" " to be qualified with the necessary skills to be the "Pilot/"Operator", that person
         can also be designated as "Pilot/"Operator" " provided they have a minimum of 40 hours of flight
         time with the sUAS.
    7. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at lest 50 feet from any inhabited structures,
         buildings, vehicles, vessels, or people not associated with the operation.
    8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each flight activity.
         It will be mandatory that all personnel involved with the operational duties of the flight be present
         for this briefing.
    9. Pilot/"Operator" and observer will have been trained in operation of sUAS generally and received
         up- to- date information on the particular sUAS to be operated.
    10. The "Pilot/"Operator" " will have at least a class 3 medical certificate.
    11. Observer and Pilot/"Operator" will at all times be able to communicate by voice, radio, and/or
         text.
    12. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders or property representatives
         will be obtained.
    13. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS will have the capability to
         return to a pre- determined location and land autonomously.
    14. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles, weather, or
         emergencies.

14 CFR §91.109: Flight Instruction

No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.
sUAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communication. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without full functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.
5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact the neither a pilot nor passengers
will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.
14 CFR §91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 established safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows that
helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section,
provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically
prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the
exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 500 feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to
allow such operations. As set forth herein, the sUAS will never operate higher that 500 AGL with the
exception that in circumstances where the sUAS is used to survey or photograph a structure whose
height exceeds 500 feet AGL, the sUAS will not be operated more than 100 feet above the highest point on
the structure.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS as well as the
location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner.
Because of the advance notice to the property owner and other participants in the activity, all affected
individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or
rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum 55 lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel,
any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional
aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. In addition, the low- altitude operations of the sUAS will
ensure separation between the sUAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must
comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR §91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an
altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude
readout, and exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
Pilot/"Operator", pursuant to the safety checklist and live flight data monitoring, confirming the altitude
of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR §91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Sections 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions" there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least
30 minutes; or (2) at night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the sUAS provides less than 30 minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30 minute
reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to approximately 10 minutes in
length. Given the limitations of the sUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed
operations within a predetermined area, a longer timeframe for flight in daylight or twilight CFR
conditions is reasonable.

Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151 (a) falls within the scope of prior exemptions.
See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without compliance with FAR
91.151 (a)). Operating the sUAS, in a limited area where only people and property owners or
representative with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risk that Section
91.151 (a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS. Additionally, limiting the sUAS
flight to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted.
Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or
20% of battery power ­ whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return
the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions
have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 CFR §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in the pertinent part:

(a) Except a provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the
following: (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a)
of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit
entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weighs less that 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is
no ability to place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point
where the Pilot/"Operator" flying the sUAS will have immediate access to the documents to the extent
they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797
9797A, and 10700.

14 CFR §91.215 (a) and (b); 14 CFR §91.131 (d); ATC transponder and altitude reporting equipment and
use

The pertinent section of 91.215 (a) & (b) requires the "(a) All airspace: U.S.- registered civil aircraft. For
operations not conducted under part 121 or 135 of this chapter, ATC transponder equipment installed. . .
(b) All airspace. Unless otherwise authorized or directed by ATC, no person may operate an aircraft in the
airspace described in paragraphs (b)(1) through (b)(5) of this section, unless that aircraft is equipped
with an operable coded radar beacon transponder". . .

This requirementapplies
(1) All aircraft. In Class A, Class B, and Class C airspace areas;

(2) All aircraft. In all airspace within 30 nautical miles of an airport listed in appendix D, section 1 of this
    part from the surface upward to 10,000 feet MSL;

Likewise, the pertinent section of 91.131 (d); Operating Rule in Class B Airspace

(d) other equipment requirements.

"No person may operate an aircraft in a Class B airspace area unless the aircraft is equipped with

(1) The applicable operating transponder and automatic altitude reporting equipment specified in
§91.215 (a) . . . and

(2) After January 1, 2020 , the applicable Automatic Dependent Surveillance- Broadcast Out equipment
specified in §91.225."
Because of the small size and limited lifting capacity of the sUAS, the sUAS cannot be fitted with and
operate a transponder and automatic altitude reporting equipment specified in paragraph of 91.215 (a)
and (b) and 91.131 (d). An exemption from these requirements is requested. The equivalent level of
safety can be assured using the procedures defined for each class of airspace.

Within the surface areas of Class "B", Class "C", Class "D" airspace
Within the lateral boundaries of the airspace, the Pilot/"Operator" " will establish 2 way communications
with the ATC facility having jurisdiction for that area. The Pilot/"Operator" will provide the location
(heading and distance) relative to the center of the airspace and request clearance to "Maneuver" above
that location at or below 400 feet AGL. The Pilot/"Operator" will be responsible for "see and avoid" traffic
conflicts. The Pilot/"Operator" will at all times yield right of way to ANY and ALL manned flight
operations. All operations within 2 miles of the primary airport will be pre- arranged with that controlling
facility. Any and all restrictions placed on the operations will be complied with so that all manned
operations can be conducted without negatively impacting flight safety.

14 CFR §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the Pilot/"Operator"
pursuant to the flight manual and operating and handbook. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
because these small sUASs are very limited in size and will carry small payload and operate only in limited
areas for short periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the sUAS and land immediately and will be
operating from no higher than 500 feet AGL. The Pilot/"Operator" will ensure that the sUAS is in working
order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
performed. Moreover, the Pilot/"Operator" is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be performed and accordance
with the sUAS manufacturer's manual, as referenced in the Aircraft Operations Manual. As provided in the
Operations Manual, the Pilot/"Operator" will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight and perform required maintenance needed.

Additional Views and Information

Of the applicant, David Simmons has been involved in building and piloting of radio controlled vehicles
for over 10 years without incident.
Summary

Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register,
should it be determined that publication is needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21, subpart H; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14
CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.7 (a); 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR
91.119; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151 (a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.215 (a) & (b); 14 CFR
91.131 (d); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 407 (a) (1); 14 CFR 409 (a) (2); 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b) to
commercially operate a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) equipped to conduct aerial photography
and cinematography services.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUAs to conduct aerial photography and
cinematography services will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional photography operations,
using jet or piston powered aircraft, at extremely low altitudes, often very close to the subject being
filmed and in close proximity to people and structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that
exceed 3,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than
55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of the risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to the location. The sUAS will carry no passengers
or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small sUASs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the conditions outlined above, will
provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the granting of the exemptions requested herein,
including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations.
These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground but under 400 feet AGL, and within
the limited area and, as a result, are far safer than conventional flight operations conducted with turbine
helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property representative or
owner's prior consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed
or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place.

All flights will occur in accordance with any state or local laws regarding privacy.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operations within visual line of
sight (VLOS) and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the granting of the
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicants sUAS in the aerial photography and
cinematography services industry.

Sincerely,

David Simmons

Viewpoint Elevated Imagery, LLC
