June 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11731
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0061

Mr. F. B. (Ben) Harvie, Jr.
Counsel for D&C Inspection Services, Inc.
12600 North Featherwood
Suite 120
Houston, TX 77034

Dear Mr. Harvie:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.
By letter dated January 12, 2015,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of D&C Inspection Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct inspections of industrial complexes, transportation facilities, and other structural
entities.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received seven comments in support of the petition made to the docket.

1 On May 11, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +,
Steadydrone QU4D, DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Flamewheel F550.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection.2 The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, D&C Inspection Services, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, D&C Inspection Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, Steadydrone QU4D, DJI S1000, DJI Inspire 1, and
         DJI Flamewheel F550 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
F.B. Harvie, Jr.  NOVELLI, HARVIE & ASSOCIATES,
(Attorney)                  Attorneys at Law, P.L.L.C.

                      12600 North Featherwood, Suite 120
                               Houston, Texas 77034
                                 Tel. (281) 484-9500
                                 Fax (281) 484-9519

                                     www.nhapllc.com

                                                                                       bharvie@nhapllc.com

                  January 12, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

Attn: Bill Crozier, Assistant Manager, UAS Integration Office, AFS-80

Re: 1)            Applicant:                D&C Inspection Services, Inc.
        2)        Request for exemption
                                            Under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization
                                            and Reform Act of 2012 (Reform Act)

Dear Mr. Crozier:

         1. Applicant's name, address and contact number are:
                                    D&C Inspection Services, Inc.
                                    2215 Repsdorph Rd., Seabrook, Texas 77586
                                    Attn: Daniel Harry
                                    Email: dan@dcinspection.com
                                    Phone No.: (281) 326-1800

         2. Applicant's agent:
                                    F.B. (Ben) Harvie, Jr., Attorney At Law
                                    12600 N. Featherwood, Suite 120, Houston, Texas 77034
                                    Email: bharvie@nhapllc.com
                                    Phone No.: (281) 484-9500

         3. Purpose for Request:
                                    To secure an exemption to operate a sUAS under controlled
                                    conditions in defined airspace which would provide an enhanced
                                    level of safety to the successful operation of Applicant's business
                                    which includes, but is not limited to, inspection of industrial
                                    complexes, transportation facilities and other structural entities that
                                    are subject to and in need of periodic or routine safety inspections
                                    by persons authorized either by regulation or by industry standard

                                                    Page 1 of 7
                           to determine the condition of the objects being inspected and to
                           assure and establish a level of safe use and operations for which the
                           inspected items are intended.

4. Regulation:
                           The exemptions requested and/or required are from 14 CFR and are
                           as follows:
                                    Part 21
                                    45.23(b)
                                    61.113 (a) & (b)
                                    91.7 (a)
                                    91.9 (b) (2)
                                    91.103
                                    91.109
                                    91.119
                                    91.121
                                    91.151 (a)
                                    91.203 (a) & (b)
                                    91.405 (a)
                                    407 (a) (1)
                                    409 (a) (2)
                                    417 (a) & (b); and
                                    Any other provisions out of Title 14, Code of Federal
                                    Regulations, that may be applicable to Applicant's specific
                                    use and not listed above.

5. Public Interest:
                           Enhancement of Industry Safety.
                                    The exemption requested is in the public interest because the
                           intended purpose of the operation of sUAS will enhance the safety
                           of the inspection process presently utilized by Applicant which may
                           have required, from time-to-time, inspectors to be on scaffold
                           structures or other dangerous environments, or other hazardous
                           conditions, in order to perform the inspections which are necessary
                           and required to comply with industry standards or governmental
                           regulations.

                           Development of Firefighting Techniques
                                    The public interest would also be enhanced because

                           Applicant intends to develop a heat-sensing device for use by
                           firefighting agencies that would detect dangerous hotspots, thereby
                           reducing the hazardous work environment of firefighters and
                           enhancing their rescue operations.

                                           Page 2 of 7
                           Protection of Privacy
                                    Applicant has adopted a privacy policy that requires the

                           operator to assure that no information or data of persons not engaged
                           in the intended operation is collected, used, or disseminated so as to
                           achieve the public's expectation of privacy.

6. Previous exemptions:
                           The FAA has previously granted exemptions under Section 333 for
                           similar operations in Exemption Nos.:
                                    1. 11063
                                    2. 11064
                                    3. 11065
                                    4. 11066
                                    5. 11067
                                    6. 11080

7. Conditions and limitations:
                  A. Applicant proposes to adopt:
                           1. A Pilot Operating Handbook (POH) and/or
                           2. Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM)
                           3. Manufacturers Pilot Training Guide (MPTG)
                           4. UAV Check-List

                  B. Applicant proposes the following conditions and/or limitations:
                           1. UA must weigh less than 55 pounds;
                           2. UA airspeed not to exceed 50 knots;
                           3. UA flights may not operate at more than 400 AGL and
                                    Altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL;
                           4. UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of
                                    the PIC;
                           5. All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO
                                    may be utilized as long as the PIC maintains VLOS
                                    capability and can communicate with the VO at all times;
                           6. The conditions and limitations will be added or amended in
                                    the operator's manual;
                           7. The PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is safe for flight,
                                    along with the Ground Control Station (GCS) if utilized. All
                                    maintenance and alterations must be properly documented.
                           8. A functional test flight must be performed for any UAS that
                                    has undergone maintenance or alterations and be performed
                                    by the PIC and added to the operator's manual;
                           9. The operator must follows the manufacturer's UAS
                                    aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement
                                    inspection and life limit requirements. The following must

                                           Page 3 of 7
         be included in the operator's manual;
                  A. Actuators / Servos;
                  B. Transmission (single rotor);
                  C. Power plant (motors);
                  D. Propellers;
                  E. Electronic speed controller;
                  F. Batteries;
                  G. Mechanical or dynamic components (single
                           rotor);
                  H. Remote command and control;
                  I. Ground control station (if used); and
                  J. Any other component(s) as determined by the
                           operator.

10. The PIC must possess a private pilot certificate, a current
         third-class medical certificate and meet the flight review
         requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56;

11. A PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
         consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a minimum of 200 flight
         hours and 25 hours as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten
         hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type;

12. A PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
         consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a minimum of five hours
         as a UAS pilot operating the make and model of UAS to be
         utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-
         offs and three landings in the preceding 90 days. The PIC
         must operate the UA with appropriate distance from non-
         participants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119;

13. The PIC and VO must have completed a qualification
         process;

14. A flight demonstration, administered by an operator-
         approved and -qualified pilot must be completed and
         documented in accordance with the operator's manual;

15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person,
         except authorized and consenting inspection personnel,
         below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property;

16. All participating persons must be essential and consent to the
         UAV operation which should require no further FSDO or
         ASI approval;

17. The operator must ensure that no persons are allowed within
         500 feet of the area except those consenting to be involved
         and who are necessary for the on-going operation of the
         entity being inspected;

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its Global
         Positioning System (GPS) signal, the UA must return to a

               Page 4 of 7
         pre-determined location within the security perimeter and
         land or be recovered in accordance with the operator's
         manual;
19. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted
         obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the operator's
         manual;
20. Each operation must be completed within 30 minutes flight
         time or with 25% battery power remaining, whichever
         occurs first;
21. The operator must contain an Air Traffic Organization
         (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA)
         prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
         exemption. This COA will also require the operator to
         request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72
         hours in advance, but no less than 48 hours prior to the
         operation;
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must
         be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with
         14 CFR part 47and have identification (N-Number)
         markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be as large as possible;
23. The operator must develop procedures to document and
         maintain a record of the UAS maintenance, alterations,
         status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and the
         total time in service of the UAS.
24. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with
         all manufacturing safety bulletins;
25. The operator will develop UAS technician qualification
         criteria. And the criteria will be in the operator's manuel;
26. The pre-flight inspections section of the operator's manual
         will include the requirement that the pre-flight inspection
         will account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
         components, items, or equipment;
27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum
         used for operation and control of the UA will comply with
         the FCC or other appropriate government oversight agency
         requirements;
28. At least three days before a scheduled inspection the
         operator of the UAS affected by this exemption will submit
         a written plan of activity to the local FSDO with jurisdiction
         over the area of the proposed inspection. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the
         FSDO. The plan of activities will include the following:
         A. Dates and times for all flights

               Page 5 of 7
          B. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS
                   inspection conducted under this grant of exemption

          C. Name and phone number of the person responsible
                   for the on-site operation of the UAS

          D. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS to be
                   used

          E. Name and certificate number of UAS PIC s involved
                   in the inspection process

          F. A statement that the operator has obtained
                   permission from property owners and/or local
                   officials to conduct the inspection; the list of those
                   who gave permission shall be made available to the
                   inspector upon request

          G. Signature of exemption-holder or representative
          H. The description of the flight activity, including maps

                   or diagrams of any area, city, town, county, and/or
                   state over which the inspection will be conducted and
                   the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation.
 29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§91.9 and 91.203
          must be available to the PIC at the ground control station of
          the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
          must be made available to the Administrator or any law
          enforcement official upon request;
30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all
         other manned operations and activities at all times (including,
         but not limited to ultra-light vehicles, parachute activities,
         parasailing activities, hand gliding, etc.);
31. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as
         defined in 14 CFR § 1.1 All operations must be conducted
         under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
         special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized;
32. The UAS cannot be operated by the PIC from any moving
         device or vehicle;
33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less
         than 2000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is
         less than 3 statute miles from the PIC;
34. The UA may not be operated in class B, C, or D airspace
         without written approval from the FAA. The UA may not
         operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a
         non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA- published
         aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with the
         airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
         conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the
         operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport

                Page 6 of 7
                                              management must be made ava ilable to the administrator
                                              upon request.
                                     35. Any I) Incident, 2) Acc ident, or 3) Flight operation that
                                              transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
                                              operational area as defined by the applicab le COA must be
                                              reported to the Federal Aviation Admin istration 's (FAA)
                                               UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hour. Accidents
                                              must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
                                              (NTSB) per instruction contained on the NTS B '.-veb site:
                                              www. ntsb.gov. Further fl ight operations may not be
                                              conducted unti I the incident, accident, or transgression is
                                              rev iewed by the AFS-80 and authorized to resume operations
                                              is provided.
                                     36. The UAS, PIC and operator will comply with all applicable
                                              parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
                                              45,47,6 1.9 1.

         The criteria proposed in this application are believed to have previously been reviewed and
approved with prior exemptions and given the public need for the in spections mandated by
regulation or suggested by industry standards provides the assurance sought by the Federal Av iation
Act of 1958 and the FAA modernizat ion and reform act of 20 12 to ensure the sa fe operations
anticipated in this request of the aircraft in the national airspace system.

          Your rev iew and reply are great ly appreciated. My office is adjacent to the FSDO offi ce
 on Featherwood in Houston, Texas and would faci litate our in person com munication should it be
 necessary.

                                                         Very Trul y Yours,

                                                         NOVELLI, HARV IE & A.
                                                         Attorneys at law, PLLC

                                                      Page 7 of7
