July 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12126
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1594

Mr. John David Deans
Deans Consulting LLC
dba Central Texas Drones
6206 Ganske Road
Burton, TX 77835

Dear Mr. Deans:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Deans Consulting LLC dba Central Texas Drones (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom II Vision Plus.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Deans Consulting LLC dba Central Texas Drones is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Deans Consulting LLC dba Central Texas Drones is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom II
    Vision Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosure
      IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                              DEANS CONSULTING LLC

                         DBA; CENTRAL TEXAS DRONES
FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIRMENTS

                                               OF
          TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS
           SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119 (c); 91.121;
91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (1) and (2); 91.417 (a) and (b)

                                                               Submitted on April 30, 2015
                                                                                               By,

                                                                            John David Deans
                                                             DEANS CONSULTING LLC
                                                    DBA, CENTRAL TEXAS DRONES

                                                                                   979.203.1534

      1 Central Texas Drones
                       Table of Contents

Contents

SUMMARY..................................................................................................................................................... 3
INTRODUCTION TO PETITIONER ................................................................................................................... 3
The UAV PHANTOM II VISION PLUS .............................................................................................................. 3
BASIS FOR PETITION...................................................................................................................................... 4

   A. Name and Address of The Petitioner.................................................................................................... 4
   B. DEANS CONSULTING LLC Requests Relief from the Following Sections of 14 C.F.R............................. 5
   C. The Extent Of Relief That DEANS CONSULTING LLC Seeks ................................................................... 9
   D. THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD BE IN THE PUBLICS INTEREST ................. 12
   E. The Reason Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety. ............................... 13
   F. Additional Information........................................................................................................................ 13
   G. Summary to be Printed in Federal Register ....................................................................................... 15
CONCLUSION............................................................................................................................................... 15

        2 Central Texas Drones
SUMMARY
DEANS CONSULTING LLC, which is Doing Business As (DBA) CENTRAL
TEXAS DRONES, seeks exemptions from Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations
§§ 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7 (a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405 (a), 91.407
(a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) and (2), 91.417 (a) and (b) to operate a DJI PHANTOM II
VISION PLUS VISON PLUS UAS. This exemption will allow DEANS
CONSULTING LLC to operate an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle commercially for the
purpose of conducting aerial videography and photography in the real estate and
construction markets of Central and Southeast Texas. These images and videos
will provide community awareness and geospatial understanding.

INTRODUCTION TO PETITIONER
DEANS CONSULTING LLC, is a consulting company serving the Information
Technology (IT) needs of real estate clients which require the ability to produce
high definition video and photos of rural properties in central Texas via UAS-
based aerial photography. DEANS CONSULTING LLC seeks relief to use a
Phantom II Vision Plus quad-copter to commercially capture video of listings
while working on private property. DEANS CONSULTING LLC will utilize a
Visual Observer (V.O.) while maintaining Visual Line of Sight (V.L.O.S.) between
the quad-copter and a UAV operator who will have a current private pilot's
license.

The UAV PHANTOM II VISION PLUS
The DJI PHANTOM II VISION PLUS VISON PLUS is a quad-rotor Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS) weighing less than 3 pounds. The Phantom II Vision Plus
UAS that DEANS CONSULTING LLC will be responsible for also utilizes a
mobile ground station. The UAS features a safety Return to Home function that in
the event of a signal loss, the UAS will return to a preset position and land. The
Return to Home feature can also be triggered manually. PHANTOM 2 VISION
PLUS uses a 5.8GHz RC system. To avoid communication interference, DEANS
CONSULTING LLC will not use other 5.8GHz devices (including 2.4G Wi-Fi or
2.4G wireless video transmission module) except the 2.4G Bluetooth and 2.4G
Datalink. The Phantom II Vision Plus can fly at approximately 30kts. CENTRAL
TEXAS DRONES has no need to operate at a speed greater than 10kts. The

        3 Central Texas Drones
Phantom II Vision Plus is powered by a single Lipo battery. This battery gives the
Phantom II Vision Plus an approximate 15 minutes worth of flight time with its
attached payload of the integrated DJI camera and the associated gimbal that
connects the camera to the quad-copter.

BASIS FOR PETITION
DEANS CONSULTING LLC pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to operate the DJI PHANTOM II VISION PLUS UAS
within the National Airspace System, and for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) and (b), 91.7 (a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.405 (a),
91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) and (2), 91.417 (a) and (b).

A. Name and Address of The Petitioner

DEANS CONSULTING LLC
6206 Ganske Road
Burton, TX 77835
deansconsulting@gmail.com
979.203.1534

        4 Central Texas Drones
B. DEANS CONSULTING LLC Requests Relief from the Following Sections of 14
C.F.R.

1. Sections 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
Command, Subsections (a) and (b) prescribed the following, in part:

       (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in
       command (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for
       compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
       PIC of an aircraft.
       (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
       connection with any business or employment if ­

               (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment and
               (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
               compensation or hire.

2. Section 91.7, entitled Civil airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:
       (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
       condition.

3. Section 91.119, entitled Minimum Safe Altitudes: General

       Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
       aircraft below the following altitudes:
       (a) Anywhere, An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency
       landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
       (b) Over congested areas. An altitude of 1000 feet above the highest obstacle
       within a horizontal radius of 2000 feet of the aircraft.
       (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
       surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases,
       the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel,
       vehicle or structure.
       (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
       operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the
       surface--

        5 Central Texas Drones
               (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums
               prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person
               operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes
               specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
               (2) A powered parachute or weight-Shift-Control aircraft may be
               operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph © of this
               section.

4. Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, subsection (a), states the following,
in relevant part:

       (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude of
       flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter
       that is set, when operating--

               (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
                       (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the
                       route and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                       (ii) If there is not station within the area prescribed in paragraph
                       (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of
                       an appropriate available station; or
                       (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the
                       elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
                       setting available before departure;

5. Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions,
subsection (b), states the following:

       (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
       (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
       fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
       speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

6. Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a) stated the
following:

       Each Owner or Operator of an Aircraft-
       (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
       and shall between required inspection, except as provided in

        6 Central Texas Drones
       paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
       part 43 of this chapter.

7. Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, subsections (a)(1), states the following:

       (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
       preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

               (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
               under §43.7 of this chapter.

8. Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
       (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may
       operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has
       had--
               (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter
               and has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by
               § 43.7 of this chapter; or
               (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
               accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

9. Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance Records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:

       (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413,
       each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
       periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

       (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
       records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
       inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
       each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
       include--

        7 Central Texas Drones
        (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator)
        or the work performed; and

        (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

        (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
        aircraft for return to service

 (2) Records containing the following information:
        (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
        propeller, and each rotor.

        (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
        propeller, rotor, and appliance.

        (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft
        which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

        (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
        since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
        which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

        (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
        safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the
        AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety
        directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the net
        action is required.

        (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for
        each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines,
        rotors, propellers, and appliances.

                a. The Owner or operator shall retain the following records for
                the periods prescribed:

                        (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this
                        section shall be retained until the work is repeated or
                        superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
                        performed.

                        (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this
                        sections shall be retained and transferred with the aircraft
                        at the time the aircraft is sold.

                        (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or
                        operator under § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained
                        until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved
                        for return to service.

8 Central Texas Drones
C. The Extent Of Relief That DEANS CONSULTING LLC Seeks

1. Extent of Relief that DEANS CONSULTING LLC Seeks Regarding

Section 61.113 (a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations
Relief from Section 61.113 (a) and (b) is requested to allow a Pilot in Command
holding a current Private Pilots Certificate to operate the Central Texas Drones
Phantom II Vision Plus The flight would be complimented by a Visual Observer
who, along with the pilot, will maintain Visual Line of Sight with the Phantom II
Vision Plus at all times. All operations conducted will be incidental to Central
Texas Drones' business. The Phantom II Vision Plus is not able to carry
passengers.

2. Extent of Relief that Central Texas Drones seeks in Regards to Section 91.7(a)
Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

Relief from Section 91.7(a) is requested to allow Central Texas Drones to
determine airworthiness of the Phantom II Vision Plus As part of this
determination the following will be adhered to:

       a. Prior to the Phantom II Vision Plus' flight the PIC will inspect the UA to
       ensure it is in a condition that will be conducive for a safe flight. The ground
       control station will be included in the above inspection.
       b. Central Texas Drones will follow the DJI Phantom II Vision Plus'
       aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection and life
       limit requirements.
       c. Central Texas Drones will comply with all DJI manufacturer Safety
       Bulletins.

        9 Central Texas Drones
3. Extent of Relief that Central Texas Drones seeks in Regards to Section 91.119
Minimum Safe Altitudes General

Relief from 91.119 is requested to allow Central Texas Drones to operate the
Phantom II Vision Plus at altitudes not to exceed 400' AGL over private property
at a distance at or greater than 5NM from the nearest airport as depicted on current
Aeronautical Charts. Central Texas Drones also wishes to be granted exemption to
operate at an altitude not greater than 50' AGL (below tree level) between 1NM
and 5NM from the nearest airport as depicted on current Aeronautical Charts.

Central Texas Drones will adhere to the following in order to maintain an
acceptable level of safety associated with operations over private property:

       (a) Central Texas Drones will display signs in the immediate vicinity of
       operations stating: "Aerial Photography In Progress. Use Caution."
       (b) Central Texas Drones will not allow the Phantom II Vision Plus to
       operate at a speed greater than 10kts.
       (c) Central Texas Drones will require the UAS operator (PIC) to be fully
       trained on the Phantom II Vision Plus by adhering to the recommendations
       contained within the Phantom II's operating manual.
       (d) Central Texas Drones' UAS operator (PIC) will have accumulated and
       logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25
       hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours
       logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. In addition the operator will
       have logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the make and
       model UAS that Central Texas Drones operates.
       (e) Central Texas Drones' UAS operator (PIC) will be familiar with and able
       to manually institute the Phantom II's Return to Home (RTH) feature. This
       feature aborts a flight operation and automatically returns the UAS to a
       predetermined GPS safe point.
       (f) Central Texas Drones' UAS operator (PIC) will not operate over private
       property without first finding a suitable alternate landing spot on the
       property.
       (g) Central Texas Drones' UAS operator (PIC) will abort the flight in the
       event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the
       operating documents.

      10 Central Texas Drones
       (h) Central Texas Drones will utilize a two man flight team consisting of the
       Pilot in Command (PIC) and a Visual Observer (VO). This team will
       maintain visual line of sight with the Phantom II Vision Plus at all times and
       remain within hearing of one another.
       (i) Central Texas Drones will not permit flight around vessels, vehicles and
       structures without permission from the owner.

4. Extent of Relief that Central Texas Drones Seeks in Regards to Section 91.121
Altimeter Settings

Relief from 91.121 is requested because the Phantom II Vision Plus utilizes
electronic GPS with a barometric sensor.

In order to maintain an equal level of safety that 91.121 requires, the PIC of the
Central Texas Drones UAS will abort the flight in the events that the UA loses
communications with the GPS signal.

5. Extent of Relief that Central Texas Drones Seeks in Regards to Section
91.151(b) Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Relief from 91.151(b) is requested to the extent that allows Central Texas Drones
to operate the Phantom II Vision Plus up to a point (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) that there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to
the intended landing point and land the UA with 40% battery power remaining.

6. Extent of Relief that Central Texas Drones Seeks in Regards to Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1), and (a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b) These are all
associated a with Airworthiness certificate

Relief from 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), and (a)(2), And 91.417(a) and (b) is requested
to the extent that allows Central Texas Drones to operate the Phantom II Vision
Plus Quad-Copter as necessary. These sections are all related to airworthiness
certificates of aircraft. There is not currently an airworthiness certificate for small
UAS's. Central Texas Drones would comply in full to any conditions and
limitations that the Administrator would place in order to receive an approved
Grant of Exemption.

      11 Central Texas Drones
D. THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD BE IN THE
PUBLICS INTEREST

       1) Aerial photography lends a unique perspective to the viewer. The angles
       of capture show areas that are not able to be seen by an earthbound
       photographer. This type of photography has been used for some time by real
       estate agencies and construction firms. Unfortunately though, it is often cost
       prohibitive for small business. The expensive fees demanded by traditional
       aerial photography outfits have often given large firms an advantage. With a
       Grant of Exemption from the Administrator, Central Texas Drones can be of
       immense benefit to small business by providing affordable aerial
       photography.

       2) The granted use of aerial photography by Central Texas Drones would
       assist the public by allowing them to form a geospatial perspective and
       academic understanding of the area surrounding the subject of their interests.
       This would certainly help the clients of Central Texas Drones garner
       business and therefor would directly have a positive effect upon the
       economy.

       3) The risk associated with UAS aerial photography is less than the risk
       associated with traditional aerial photography. The UAS that Central Texas
       Drones incorporates weighs less than 3lbs. This UAS is also fueled by a
       single battery. The amount of damage that may occur in the event of an
       incident or accident is substantially less than that which may occur in the
       event of an incident or accident involving the traditional form of aerial
       photography. Traditional aerial real estate photographers rely upon full size
       aircraft operating at low altitudes and with a full load of combustible fuel.
       Responsible UAS operations are inherently in the public's interest.

      12 Central Texas Drones
E. The Reason Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect
Safety.

Central Texas Drones' high level of professionalism and desire to set the standard
for successful and safe UAS real estate operations squarely coalesces with the
FAA's safety mission. In addition, Central Texas Drones will strictly follow the
conditions and limitations of the FAA Grant. Some procedures that Central Texas
Drones has in place include:

       a) Standard Operating Procedures (SOP); which will include a pre-flight
       checklist, airworthiness inspection by the Pilot in Command, signage
       depicting a notice of aerial photography in progress, and NOTAMS issued
       48 hours in advance of a flight.

       b) During flight operations, Central Texas Drones will utilize a two person
       team consisting of the Pilot in Command and a Visual Observer. All
       operations will remain within line of sight of the UAS team.

       c) The UAS will at all times have the GPS Return to Home safety feature
       activated. In the event of a "loss of signal" or if the Pilot in Command deems
       it necessary the UAS will return to a preset position and land.

       d) In the event that the aerial photography safety zone is violated, the Pilot in
       Command will abort the mission and return to the safe landing zone.

       e) Central Texas Drones will only operate the UAS over private property
       with the permission of the property owner and will stay a safe distance away
       from vehicles, structures and people.

       f) As Federal guidelines are developed, Central Texas Drones will stay up to
       date and within compliance of all changes.

F. Additional Information

This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if
certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS. Central Texas Drones commitment to
being at the forefront of the rapidly emerging UAS commercial use sector is
second only to their commitment to operating responsibly. Central Texas Drones
owner, John David Deans, holds a private single engine land certificate and will be
the primary Pilot in Command of the Phantom II Vision Plus UAS that Central

      13 Central Texas Drones
Texas Drones will use in the Real Estate/Construction markets. This added
investment of not only being the Pilot in Command but also the owner of the
company, gives Central Texas Drones a commitment to safety and excellence that
will lead it to becoming the flag bearer for small business UAS use.
Central Texas Drones will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations
under this grant of exemption.
All aircraft operated by Central Texas Drones, in accordance with this exemption,
will be identified by serial number and registered in accordance with 14 CFR part
47. CENTRAL TEXAS DRONES will comply with making November markings
in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. The November markings placed
upon the Central Texas Drones Phantom II Vision Plus UAS will be as large as
practical.
Attached are the Operating Manual and Quick Start Manual that are used in
conjunction with the Central Texas Drones Standard Operating Procedures.

      14 Central Texas Drones
G. Summary to be Printed in Federal Register

DEANS CONSULTING LLC requests exemption from TITLE 14 OF THE CODE
OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.119
(c); 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (1) and (2); 91.417
(a) and (b). CENTRAL TEXAS DRONES requests relief from these sections from
the FAA Administrator per the intentions of the FAA Moderation and Reform Act
of 2012 so that DEANS CONSULTING LLC can produce photography and video
for clients within the real estate and construction markets.

CONCLUSION
As set forth herein, DEANS CONSULTING LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14
C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), which will permit safe operation of the DJI PHANTOM II VISION PLUS UAS
commercially within the Real Estate and Construction markets. The Administrator
will be assisting small business by granting this petition. In accordance with the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, CENTRAL TEXAS DRONES respectfully
requests that the FAA Administrator grants this petition for exemption from TITLE
14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a);
91.119 (c); 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (1) and (2);
91.417 (a) and (b)

If there are any areas that have not been addressed, please contact me for
supplemental information.

John David Deans

DEANS CONSULTING LLC
6206 Ganske Road
Burton, TX 77835
deansconsulting@gmail.com
979.203.1534

      15 Central Texas Drones
