April 9, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11313
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1085

Mr. Domingo DeGrazia
DeGrazia Music, LLC
120 South Houghton Road
Suite 138­113
Tucson, AZ 85748

Dear Mr. DeGrazia:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 18, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of DeGrazia Music, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial cinematography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DeGrazia Music, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DeGrazia Music, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and DJI Inspire when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
                                      United States of America
                                   Department of Transportation
                                   Federal Aviation Administrator

                                           Washington, DC

Regulatory Docket No:_________________________________

Petition For Exemption of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations, sections:
21 Subpart H, 45.23(b), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103(b)(2), 91.105, 91.109, 91.119,
91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) & (b), 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417 (a) & (b), pursuant to Section 333
of the FAA Reform Act.

December 18, 2014

Domingo DeGrazia
DeGrazia Music LLC
120 S. Houghton Rd, Suite 138-113
Tucson, AZ 85748
Tel: 520-370-1150

                                   1 of 19
Table of Contents

Introduction And Overview........................................................................................................................3
Applicant Name, Address And Contact Information.................................................................................4
Specific Sections From Which an Exemption is Sought............................................................................5

   14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates .....................................................................5
   14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) Marking of the Aircraft........................................................................................6
   14 C.F.R. § 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command...................................6
   14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness...................................................................................7
   14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2) Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft....................................................8
   14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b) Pre-flight Action...............................................................................................8
   14 C.F.R. § 91.105 Flight Crewmembers at Stations...........................................................................9
   14 C.F.R. § 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes.....................................................................................10
   14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings ...............................................................................................11
   14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions...........................................12
   14 C.F.R. § 91.203 Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required.................................................................12
   14 C.F.R. § 91.405 Maintenance required..........................................................................................13
   14 C.F.R. § 91.407 Operation after Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, Alteration. 14
   14 C.F.R. § 91.409 Inspections...........................................................................................................15
   14 C.F.R. § 91.417 Maintenance records...........................................................................................16
Why Granting the Exemptions Would be in the Public Interest:.............................................................18
Why Granting the Exemptions Would Provide an Equivalent Level of Safety to Current Rules: ..........18
A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register: ................................................................19

                                                          2 of 19
                                             Introduction And Overview
        Pursuant to Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration Modernization and Reform Act
of 2012, (Reform Act), and 14 C.F.R. §11.61(b), DeGrazia Music LLC., hereby petitions for
exemptions from 14 C.F.R §§ 21 Subpart H, 45.23(b), 61.113 (a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103(b)(2),
91.105, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) & (b), 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417 (a) & (b),
of the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs).
        Domingo DeGrazia works with film and television companies as a sound engineer for on-set
recording and as a music composer of post-production music. He is a private pilot with a helicopter
rating, has a bachelor's degree in Aerospace, and a Master's degree in Aeronautical Science.
        This petition is submitted as a request to allow DeGrazia Music LLC to commercially operate
small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), in accordance with petitioner's Motion Picture and
Television Operational Handbook and Company Operational Handbook, and Aircraft Operational
Handbook, and those conditions that may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. In
brief, the requested exemptions would permit the operation of UAS that are less than 55 lbs:

             1) by an FAA licensed pilot;
             2) at less than 400 feet of altitude above ground level (AGL);
             3) in an area that is limited and predetermined;
             4) where public access to such area is controlled;
             5) where operational intentions are communicated to the local FSDO;
             6) in accordance with any other rules set forth by the FAA.
        Approval of the requested exemptions will create a structure within which the DeGrazia Music
LLC., can mitigate or eliminate potential hazards to the public during UAS filming operations.
Approval of these exemptions would create no safety concerns regarding the National Airspace System
and will fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to " ...

                                                          3 of 19
establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

                    Applicant Name, Address And Contact Information

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §11.81(a) the name and address of the applicant is:
Domingo DeGrazia
DeGrazia Music LLC
120 S. Houghton Rd., 138-113
Tucson, AZ 85748
520-370-1150
Email: contact@degraziamusic.com

                                                          4 of 19
                  Specific Sections From Which an Exemption is Sought

14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
        Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements

for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203 (a)(1).
        Basis for Request for Exemption
        Petitioner requests exemption from the requirements for an airworthiness certificate, pursuant to

49 U.S. Code § 44701(f) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. While the UASs here are manufactured
without an airworthiness certificate and there are no mechanics to certify these aircraft, an equivalent
level of flight safety is attained by special pilot training, ground based security procedures, redundant
safety procedures as well as safety features programmed into the UAS to guard against lost or degraded
communications, lost satellite reception, geomagnetic interference. The UASs to be operated are less
than fifty-five (55) lbs. fully loaded, fly at a speed of no more than forty (40) knots, fly at altitudes of
less than four-hundred (400) feet above ground level (AGL), have a total flight time of no more than
forty (40) minutes, and are controlled by a licensed pilot that will maintain continuous line of sight
(CLOS) of the UAS, pursuant to the Aircraft Operational Handbook (AOH). Further, the UASs carry
neither pilot nor passengers, carry no flammable liquid or explosive materials, and operate in an area
that is secured to prevent public entry as described in the Motion Picture and Television Operations
Manual and Company Operations Manual (MPTOH COH) and Aircraft Operational Handbook.

        The Federal Aviation Act § 49 U.S.C.§44701 (f) and Section 333 authorize the FAA to exempt
aircraft, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
and populated areas. Application of that criteria to the proposed UASs operations and procedures in the
MPTOH COH and AOH demonstrate that the UAS can be operated in a manner that is at least as safe
or safer than conventional aircraft with airworthiness certificates. Additionally, there is no threat to
National Airspace System (NAS) or national security as the MPTOH COH and AOH clearly define

                                                          5 of 19
limits that the aircraft cannot be operated within four (4) miles of any airport, and notice will be given

to the local Flight Service District Office (FSDO) prior flight operations.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) Marking of the Aircraft
         (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
         Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the
         registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must
         also be a Roman capital letter.
         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.
        Basis For Request for Exemption
        An exemption is requested, or in the alternative, a finding that § 45.23(b) does not apply as the

UASs hereunder will not be issued experimental certificates. The UAS here has no cabin, nor entrance

to the cabin, and no cockpit or pilot station on which the word "experimental" could be placed.

Further, due to the small size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will wrap around the fuselage making the

lettering unreadable and frustrating the purpose of the rule. An equivalent level of safety is achieved by

placing the word "Experimental" on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29(f) in a manner which is

readable by the pilot and ground crew during pre-flight inspection. Similarly, the word "Experimental"

is prominent in the AOH.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command
         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds
         a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
         passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation
         or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
         in connection with any business or employment if:
         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                                                          6 of 19
        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner requests an exemption from the limitations of § 61.113 as an equivalent level of
safety can achieved through specialized flight experience in piloting UAS, specialized knowledge of
cinematic operations with UAS, and the operational guidelines in the AOH and MPTOH COH designed
for closed-set filming with UASs. The training and knowledge required for Commercial pilots of
conventional aircraft would not necessary make a Commercial pilot safe to operate a UAS. Further the
MPTOH COH limits operations to pilots with a minimum of three-hundred (300) hours logged flight
time in conventional aircraft in addition to time required piloting UASs, and a minimum of a Private
Pilot certificate and Class three medical.
        In addition, safety for the public, pilot, and crew is achieved through the design limits of the
aircraft and petitioner's adherence to the AOH and MPTOH COH. Here, the risk to the public is
mitigated because the small size of the UAS prevents carrying pilot or passengers or any cargo other
than a camera. As Pilot In Command (PIC), Visual Observer (VO) and crew will always remain on the
ground, the level of safety is thereby greater than what can be achieved in traditional aircraft.
Additionally, the AOH and MPTOH COH prescribe further safeguards through advanced flight
planning and operations in a controlled environment. Granting exemption here will permit UAS
operation will mitigate potential hazards to the public without being unduly burdensome to the
operation of the UAS. As such, petitioner seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 to allow
commercial operation of UASs.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
         § 91.7 Civil aircraft airworthiness.
         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
         (b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that
         aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight
         when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

                                                          7 of 19
        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner seeks exemption to the extent this rule requires an airworthiness certificate. As no

such certificates exist for UASs. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved as the PIC of the UAS

will ensure the airworthiness of the UAS through use of the procedures prescribed in the AOH for pre-

flight inspection, review of logs, and test flights.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2) Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
         § 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no person may operate a civil
         aircraft without complying with the operating limitations specified in the approved
         Airplane or Rotor craft Flight Manual, markings, and placards, or as otherwise
         prescribed by the certificating authority of the country of registry.
         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft--
         (1) For which an Airplane or Rotor craft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter unless there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotor
         craft Flight Manual or the manual provided for in § 121.141(b); and
         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotor craft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotor
         craft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
         combination thereof.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner seeks exemption because there is no approved Flight Manual for the proposed UAS.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved through adherence to petitioner's AOH and MPTOH

COH which includes aircraft specifications, aircraft operational limitations, an operations check-list,

and updated information equivalent to placards. The pilot in command will keep the AOH and

MPTOH COH on site during flight operations.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b) Pre-flight Action
         § 91.103 Pre-flight action.
         Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
         available information concerning that flight. This information must include--
         (a) (Omitted by Petitioner as it applies to IFR flight)

                                                          8 of 19
         (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff
         and landing distance information:
         (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotor craft Flight Manual
         containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance
         data contained therein; and
         (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other
         reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under
         (3) expected values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and
         wind and temperature.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner seeks exemption to the extent the rule requires the PIC to have runway data because

the proposed UAS are Vertical Take-off and Landing (VTOL) and will not be operated within four (4)

miles of any public airport. An equivalent level of safety and public benefit is achieved by the

comprehensive flight planning and communications with FSDOs as required in the AOH and MPTOH

COH.

14 C.F.R. § 91.105 Flight Crewmembers at Stations
        (a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight crewmember shall--
        (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to perform duties in
        connection with the operation of the aircraft or in connection with physiological needs; and
        (2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.
        (b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall, during takeoff and
        landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his or her assigned duty station. This
        paragraph does not apply if--
        (1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder harness; or
        (2) The crewmember would be unable to perform required duties with the shoulder harness
        fastened.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner seeks exemption as the UAS have no ability to carry pilot or crew, and thereby have

no seats, seat belts, or crew stations. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by the pilot always

having positive control of the remote control and maintaining VLOS with the UAS at all times.

                                                          9 of 19
Should the pilot become physiologically unable to continue as PIC, the UAS has a "Return Home and

Land" override function as well as other actions more fully described in the AOH and MPTOH COH.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes
         § 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
         the following altitudes:
         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
         within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
         operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--
         (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b)
         or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any
         routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and
         (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than the
         minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner seeks exemption here because flight operations will always be below four-hundred

(400) feet AGL. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved through pre-flight planning,

communication with the local FSDO, securing the flight area to prevent the public from entering,

briefing all crew on emergency procedures, and ensuring operation of aircraft safety systems.

Protections equivalent to minimum safe altitudes are created because, in the event of low-battery

power, loss of communication or interference with communication between the remote control and the

aircraft, on-board safety programs will automatically land the UAS at a predetermined safe area.

Similarly, the operational environment will be controlled to keep out the public.

                                                         10 of 19
        Normal operations will be less than 400 feet AGL and risk to the public and / or private property

significantly reduced compared to film operations with traditional aircraft or helicopters. For example,

a Bell 206 Helicopter has an approximate rotor diameter of thirty-three (33) feet and a gross weight of

approximately three-thousand (3,000) pounds. The UASs proposed here have a total rotor area of less

than two (2) feet and weight less than seven (7) pounds. As such the risk to persons and property is

drastically reduced. Further, the UASs will not carry fuel, flammable material, or hazardous cargo that

would pose a hazard to persons on the ground.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings
         § 91.121 Altimeter settings.
         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
         (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
         (I) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100
         nautical miles of the aircraft;
         (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section,
         the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
         (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure
         airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure; or
         (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.
         (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure in the area of
         operation as shown in the following table: (additional Tables Omitted)

         Basis For Request for Exemption

         An exemption is sought as the UAS proposed are manufactured without an altimeter or two-

way communications radio. An equivalent level of safety is achieved through on-board systems and

GPS sensors which couple with a geomagnetic compass to act as a barometric altimeter for stability

and accuracy of flight. Information about the height of the UAS above ground level is displayed to the

Pilot in Command at all times. An additional element of safety is achieved through the AOH

                                                          11 of 19
requirement that the pilot verify altimeter ready of zero (0) feet prior to each take-off, and that the PIC

maintain VLOS at all times.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
         § 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--
         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotor craft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
         point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
         least 20 minutes.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        An exemption is requested as the normal UAS flight duration will be less than 30 minutes. An

equivalent level of safety is achieved by implementation of a minimum battery life requirement rather

than minimum fuel requirement. The AOH provides that the flight will be terminated before the battery

reaches a minimum of 25%. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved as to the reserve battery

power requirements proposed are comparable to the reserve fuel requirements in § 91.151.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required
         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
         within it the following:
         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness
         certificate used to comply with this sub paragraph (except a special flight permit, a copy
         of the applicable operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this chapter,
         appropriate sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this
         chapter containing that portion of the operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c),
         or an authorization under § 91.611) must have on it the registration number assigned to
         the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not
         have on it an assigned special identification number before 10 days after that number is
         first affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned
         special identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained

                                                         12 of 19
         upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.
         (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within
         the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for
         in § 47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.
         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
         (c) No person may operate an aircraft with a fuel tank installed within the passenger
         compartment or a baggage compartment unless the installation was accomplished
         pursuant to part 43 of this chapter, and a copy of FAA Form 337 authorizing that
         installation is on board the aircraft.
         (d) No person may operate a civil airplane (domestic or foreign) into or out of an airport
         in the United States unless it complies with the fuel venting and exhaust emissions
         requirements of part 34 of this chapter.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        An exemption is requested as the Pilot in Command of the UAS will have an AOH and MPTOH

COH which include all documentation, safety information, and warnings required for safe operation of

the UAS. The UAS proposed to be operated here are manufactured without the capacity to carry

documents, are sold without Airworthiness Certificates, do not have cabin doors nor sufficient space to

apply placards and do not contain or carry fuel. As the UAS are always within sight of the PIC, an

equivalent level of safety can be achieved by the PIC having the AOH and MPTOH COH during flight

operations and communicating pertinent information to crew.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 Maintenance required
        Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
        (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in sub part E of this part and shall
        between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
        discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;
        (b) Shall ensure that maintenance personnel make appropriate entries in the aircraft
        maintenance records indicating the aircraft has been approved for return to service;
        (c) Shall have any inoperative instrument or item of equipment, permitted to be
        inoperative by §91.213(d)(2) of this part, repaired, replaced, removed, or inspected at the
        next required inspection; and

                                                         13 of 19
        (d) When listed discrepancies include inoperative instruments or equipment, shall
        ensure that a placard has been installed as required by § 43.11 of this chapter.

          Basis For Request for Exemption
         An exemption is requested as the UAS does not have specific maintenance instructions.

Therefore the AOH and MPTOH COH developed by petitioner contain instructions for maintenance

and repair as needed. Petitioner will be responsible for inspection after maintenance, overhaul, or

replacement, and monitoring for life limit requirements of actuators or servos, motors, propellers,

electronic speed controller and flight control unit, batteries, remote control and any other components

as determined by the petitioner.

         The PIC will be responsible for inspecting the UAS prior to each flight and determining fitness

for flight after maintenance. An equivalent level of safety to § 91.405 will be achieved by thorough

pre-flight inspections and records of all maintenance or repairs being kept in the UAS log book.

Because the petitioner is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the

aircraft, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained and the UAS kept in an airworthy condition.

14 C.F.R. § 91.407 Operation after Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, Alteration
        (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
        maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
        (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this
        chapter; and
        (2) The maintenance record entry required by §43.9 or §43.11, as applicable, of this
        chapter has been made.
        (b) No person may carry any person (other than crew-members) in an aircraft that has
        been maintained, rebuilt, or altered in a manner that may have appreciably changed its
        flight characteristics or substantially affected its operation in flight until an appropriately
        rated pilot with at least a private pilot certificate flies the aircraft, makes an operational
        check of the maintenance performed or alteration made, and logs the flight in the aircraft
        records.
        (c) The aircraft does not have to be flown as required by paragraph (b) of this section if,
        prior to flight, ground tests, inspection, or both show conclusively that the maintenance,

                                                         14 of 19
        preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration has not appreciably changed the flight
        characteristics or substantially affected the flight operation of the aircraft.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner is seeking exemption from § 91.407 as there are currently no persons authorized

under § 47.7 to service the UAS. As with the request for exemption under § 91.405, an equivalent level

of safety will be achieved by thorough pre-flight inspections and records of all maintenance or repairs

being kept in the UAS log book. Further, Petitioner is the person most familiar with the aircraft and

best suited to maintain the aircraft and perform post-maintenance, pre-flight inspections and ground

tests to confirm that the flight characteristics of the UAS have not been substantially effected after

maintenance.

14 C.F.R. § 91.409 Inspections
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or
         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
         21 of this chapter.
         No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any
         inspection required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person authorized to
         perform annual inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection in the required
         maintenance records.
         (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         carrying any person (other than a crewmember) for hire, and no person may give flight
         instruction for hire in an aircraft which that person provides, unless within the preceding
         100 hours of time in service the aircraft has received an annual or 100-hour inspection
         and been approved for return to service in accordance with part 43 of this chapter or has
         received an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
         part 21 of this chapter. The 100-hour limitation may be exceeded by not more than 10
         hours while en route to reach a place where the inspection can be done. The excess time
         used to reach a place where the inspection can be done must be included in computing the
         next 100 hours of time in service.
         (c) Paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section do not apply to--
         (1) An aircraft that carries a special flight permit, a current experimental certificate, or a

                                                         15 of 19
         light-sport or provisional airworthiness certificate;
         (2) An aircraft inspected in accordance with an approved aircraft inspection program
         under part 125 or 135 of this chapter and so identified by the registration number in the
         operations specifications of the certificate holder having the approved inspection
         program;

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner is seeking exemption from § 91.409 for reasons similar to those articulated in the

requests for exemption from § 91.407 and § 91.405 above. There are currently no persons authorized

under § 47.7 to service or inspect UA, but an an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by

petitioner making thorough pre-flight inspections and keeping detailed records of all maintenance or

repairs. As above, post-maintenance pre-flight inspections and ground tests will be conducted to

confirm that the flight characteristics of the UAS have not been substantially effected.

14 C.F.R. § 91.417 Maintenance records
         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner
         or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this
         section:
         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-
         hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
         aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
         The records must include--
         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed;
         and
         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to
         service.
         (2) Records containing the following information:
         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.
         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
         overhauled on a specified time basis.
         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
         required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                                                         16 of 19
         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision
         date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
         action is required.
         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the
         airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
         repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
         with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §43.11 of this chapter
         shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
         (c) The owner or operator shall make all maintenance records required to be kept by this section
         available for inspection by the Administrator or any authorized representative of the National
         Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). In addition, the owner or operator shall present Form 337
         described in paragraph (d) of this section for inspection upon request of any law enforcement
         officer.
         (d) When a fuel tank is installed within the passenger compartment or a baggage compartment
         pursuant to part 43 of this chapter, a copy of FAA Form 337 shall be kept on board the modified
         aircraft by the owner or operator.

        Basis For Request for Exemption
        Petitioner is seeking exemption from § 91.417 to the extent the rule requires a certificated

person to perform work under § 91.417(a)(1)(iii), compliance with Airworthiness Directives under sub-

section (a)(1)(v), and / or copies of alteration forms under (a)(1)(vi). An equivalent level of safety will

be achieved by petitioner keeping maintenance logs and documentation in the Aircraft Operational

Handbook.

                                                         17 of 19
Why Granting the Exemptions Would be in the Public Interest:

        Generally, aviation activity is in the public interest when it is regulated, predictable and has a
material positive impact on society. The exemptions requested here would allow for aerial
cinematography pursuant to existing FAA regulations, as well as petitioner's Motion Picture and
Television Operations Handbook, and Aircraft and Company Operations handbooks. The rules,
procedures and processes contained therein create a safe and highly predictable process by which aerial
cinematography may take place. Granting the requested exemptions will give the public access to the
process of aerial cinematography and the products which are the result of those endeavors.

        In the past the public had access to aerial cinematography only through hiring a conventional
helicopter, airplane, or other mechanism which, by their nature, are larger than UASs, require liquid
fuel, travel at much higher speeds, and have a greater potential to negatively impact more people in the
event of an incident or accident. Here all aspects of flight including pilot training and check-out, site
evaluation, mission planning, contact with the appropriate FSDO, pre-flight inspections, crew briefings
and site security during flight operations will ensure a level of safety to the public equivalent, or higher
than that provided in current rules. As such the public will benefit from safe UAS operations will
setting measures to safely integrate UASs into the NAS.

Why Granting the Exemptions Would Provide an Equivalent Level of Safety to Current
     Rules:
        Granting the requested exemptions would provide a level of safety equivalent to that provided

in current rules, and in some cases greater, due the specificity with which the Aircraft Operational
Handbook and Motion Picture and Television Operational Handbook and Company Operational
Handbook identify unique aspects of UASs, and lay out methods of operation which emphasize safety
of the public, protection of private property, yet allows operation of UAS. In all circumstances which
the FAA has already set safety guidelines for traditional aircraft, the operational characteristics of the

                                                         18 of 19
UAS have been considered, and detailed plans put in place to adjust the current rules while maintaining
safety for persons and property on the ground, as well as ensuring safety and security for those
operating in the NAS.

A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register:

The rules from which DeGrazia Music seeks exemption:
DeGrazia Music LLC seeks exemption from the following: 14 C.F.R. §§ 21 Subpart H, 45.23(b), 61.113
(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b), 91.103(b)(2), 91.105, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) & (b),
91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417 (a) & (b).
A Brief Description Of The Exemptions DeGrazia Music Seeks:

        These exemptions will permit the DeGrazia Music LLC., to operate small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems (UAS) for aerial cinematography and photography at controlled locations for use in motion
picture, television, and music industries.

Privacy
    Applicant submits the attached Motion Picture and Television Operations Manual and Company
    Operations Manual, and Aircraft Operational Handbook as a Confidential and Proprietary
    documents under 14 CFR 11.35 (b) as they contain proprietary information that the applicant has
    not and will not share with others. The Motion Picture and Television Operations Manual and
    Company Operations Manual and Aircraft Operational Handbook contain operating conditions and
    procedures that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of
    Information Act 5 USC 552 et. seq.

                                                         19 of 19
