September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12941
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2292

Mr. G. Michael Cundiff, Jr.
Owner
Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC
120 South Houghton Road
Tucson, AZ 85748

Dear Mr. Cundiff:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, videography, research, inspections, and data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI
Phantom 3 Advanced, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  May 27, 2015
G. Michael Cundiff, Jr.
120 S Houghton Rd Ste 138-187
Tucson AZ 85748

U.S Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R §21, Subpart H; §61.23(a) and (c);
§61.101(e)(4) and (5); §61.113; §61.315(a); §91.7(a); §91.9 (b) (2); §91.119(c); §91.121;
§91.151(a)(1); §91.405(a); §91.407(a)(1); §91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2); §91.417(a) and (b).

Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s),

          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and C.F.R. Part 11,
Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC ("Petitioner") seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation
Regulations as listed below.

          The requested exemption would allow Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC to provide aerial
photography and video services to clients for use in real estate sales, local area orientation, surveying,
marine photo and video, agriculture, academic research, aerial inspections, aerial data collection and
special events using a combination of DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced
and DJI Phantom 3 Professional Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (SUAS). Use of a sUAS reduces the
requirement to utilize manned lifting devices, manned climbing or manned aircraft over populated areas,
for the same purpose and provides high quality results at a fraction of the price. These savings result in
enhanced safety, efficiency and productivity as well as environmental benefits. Proposed operations will
be conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

          As detailed in this document, the requested exemption would permit the operation of sUAS under
controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined and 3) controlled as to access.
Granting this request fulfills the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and
authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for real estate purposes.

          The owner of Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC is an FAA Commercial certificated pilot with
more than 3,100 flying hours in military and civilian single and multi-engine aircraft, including 8 years of
experience flying in the planned area of operations. The owner, who will serve as the Chief Pilot, has
served as the Chief of Safety for the Air Force's fleet of EC-130H aircraft also has extensive instructor and
evaluator experience in EC/AC-130H aircraft. The Chief Pilot also has experience with Radio Control
aircraft reaching back 17 years, including recent quad-copter sUAS experience.

                                                                                                                               1 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

          In accordance with 14 C.F.R §11.81, Petitioner provides the following information in support of
its petition for exemption:

I: Name and Address of the Petitioner:

G. Michael Cundiff, Jr.
Owner, Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC
120 S Houghton Rd Ste 138-187
Tucson AZ 85748

Phone: (520) 975-0798
Email: DVAPhotos@yahoo.com

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations from Which Petitioner
Requests Exemption are:

§21, Subpart H
§61.23(a) and (c)
§61.101(e)(4) and (5)
§61.113
§61.315(a)
§91.7(a)
§91.9 (b) (2)
§91.119(c)
§91.121
§91.151(a)(1)
§91.405(a)
§91.407(a)(1)
§91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2)
§91.417(a) and (b)

Airworthiness Certificates

14 C.F.R. §21, Subpart H, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates
in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of the proposed sUAS
meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. Therefore,
no airworthiness certificate is required in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. The petitioner
seeks to gain confirmation the FAA concurs.

Medical Certificate

§61.23(a) and (c) require varying classes of medical certificates for a person depending on the privileges
they are exercising and certificated for. Given the additional exemption request to §61.101, 61.113, and
61.315, Petitioner proposes the PIC will hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S.
driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the
Federal government as commensurate with their pilot certificate, but no more than that required for
Private Pilot privileges (currently a third-class medical certificate).

                                                                                                                               2 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

Recreational Pilot Privileges

§61.101(e)(4) and (5) state that no person that holds a Recreational Pilot certificate may act as Pilot in
Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire (4) or in furtherance of a business (5). The FAA has
previously acknowledged in prior grants of exemption under Section 333 that a commercial pilot's
certificate was not necessary to safely operate a sUAS, but that the FAA could not waive the requirement
for an FAA-issued pilot's license. A Recreational Pilot certificate addresses the FAA's requirement that the
Pilot in Command have the requisite training and understanding of the National Airspace System, and
also ensures that the Pilot is registered with the FAA and will not pose a risk to national security.
Petitioner proposes a PIC to hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
pilot certificate.

Private Pilot Privileges

§61.113 states that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as Pilot in Command of an
aircraft for compensation or hire. The FAA has previously acknowledged in prior grants of exemption
under Section 333 that a commercial pilot's certificate was not necessary to operate a sUAS, but that the
FAA could not waive the requirement for an FAA-issued pilot's license. A Private Pilot certificate addresses
the FAA's requirement that the Pilot in Command have the requisite training and understanding of the
National Airspace System, and also ensures that the Pilot is registered with the FAA and will not pose a
risk to national security. Petitioner proposes a PIC to hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
recreational, or sport pilot certificate.

Sport Pilot Privileges

§61.315 states that no person that holds a Sport Pilot certificate may act as Pilot in Command of an
aircraft for compensation or hire (c)(2) or in furtherance of a business (C)(3). The FAA has previously
acknowledged in prior grants of exemption under Section 333 that a commercial pilot's certificate was not
necessary to operate a sUAS, but that the FAA could not waive the requirement for an FAA-issued pilot's
license. A Sport Pilot certificate addresses the FAA's requirement that the Pilot in Command have the
requisite training and understanding of the National Airspace System, and also ensures that the Pilot is
registered with the FAA and will not pose a risk to national security. Petitioner proposes a PIC to hold
either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate.

Airworthiness Certificate

§91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate
will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. Petitioner will
ensure the sUAS is in airworthy condition prior to every flight, by determining that the sUAS is in
compliance with the manufacturer supplied operating documents and that the aircraft is in a condition for
safe flight.

Flight Manual on board

§91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As the aircraft is remotely operated,
Petitioner requests to maintain the flight manual in a position available to the PIC while operating the
aircraft.

                                                                                                                               3 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

Minimum Safe Altitudes

§91.119(c) prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. Due to the nature of the petitioner's
operations (photography/video), it will be necessary to operate at distances less than prescribed. Given
the UAS carries zero explosive material (i.e. fuel) onboard, any damage will come solely from a direct
impact. However, given the small size and light weight of the proposed UAS systems, the hazard to
persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft for which §91.119(c) was
written.

Altimeter Requirements

§91.121 requires that aircraft maintain cruising altitudes by referencing an altimeter setting available
within 100nm of the aircraft. The proposed aircraft have the ability to report a GPS-derived Above Ground
Level (AGL) altitude to the PIC which is line with the guidance the FAA prescribes for Model Aircraft.
Petitioner proposes utilization of this method vice the method prescribed in §91.121 for determining
aircraft altitude.

Fuel Reserves

§91.151(a)(1) states that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions unless
the there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30
minutes. The proposed UASs have a flight time of approx. 12-15 minutes and carry no fuel, therefore the
wording of this section cannot apply. Petitioner requests exemption to this requirement with the condition
that the PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough available power for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and land with
the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer.

Maintenance Requirements

§91.405(a), §91.407(a)(1), §91.409(a)(1), §91.409(a)(2), §91.417(a) and §91.417(b) prescribe a
maintenance regimen that is more applicable to a full sized manned aircraft than a SUAS with few
serviceable parts. Instead, the petitioner proposes that prior to each flight the PIC will conduct a
thorough pre-flight inspection and determine if the sUAS is capable of safe operation. Additionally, a
qualified pilot will conduct a thorough functional test flight following any repairs to ensure proper and
safe operation of the UAS.

III. The Nature and Extent of Relief Sought and Reasons Therefore:

          Petitioner is seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs preventing commercial operation of
a sUAS within the national airspace system. The Reform Act provides for such integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. As
sUAS technology continues to rapidly expand, their utility and therefore their use will continue to rapidly
expand as well. Integrating this technology into the National Airspace System incrementally is critical to
ensuring the future progress and success of both traditional and emerging technologies and aircraft.
Petitioner desires to help shape the landscape of that integration while providing a valuable service to the
community.

                                                                                                                               4 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

IV. The Benefit to the Public Interest as a Whole if Petition is Granted:

          Until recently, the only way to obtain an aerial photograph or video was through either a low
flying manned aircraft, or a ground based device that raised a person precariously high in the air. By
utilizing proven modern technology, Petitioner will reduce the threat to both the photographer and the
public writ large. As the FAA recognized in the Douglas Trudeau, Realtor® Exemption, No. 11138:

          "Manned aircraft conducting aerial filming and photography can weigh 5,000 lbs. or more, are
          operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as well as 100
          gallons or more of fuel. The petitioner's [sUAS] weighs less than 3 lbs. The pilot and crew will be
          remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight reduces the potential for harm to persons
          or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk of an onboard pilot and
          crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a (iv) (v) within Class G
          airspace; and outside of 5 statute miles from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or
          other location with aviation activities."

          In addition to reducing the risk to personal injury or death from these operations, the cost will be
greatly reduced making the services once reserved for the wealthy available to middle class citizens.
Additionally, aerial photography and video provides a positive economic impact for the community and for
companies considering relocating or building in the local area or other areas as they are able to gain a
greater understanding of the geographic area they are interested in. This is also an important service for
individuals relocating for various reasons.

V. The Grant of the Requested Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety:

          As indicated in section III, petitioner's operations will enhance safety rather than adversely affect
it. In addition to the reasons previously stated, petitioner's operations will not require a manned aircraft
to orbit at low altitude in congested airspace and will reduce any noise and air pollution associated with
the operation of those aircraft.

          In addition to the inherent safety enhancements of operating a sUAS vice a manned aircraft,
operational and technological protocols ensure improved safety of aerial photography operations.

Technological protocols include:

          - Use of GPS technology to provide steady flight including a flight safety feature whereby the
                sUAS hovers and then slowly returns to an appointed location and lands if communication
                with the pilot is lost

          - Preprogrammed "No Fly Zones" prevent the sUAS from operating in designated areas such as
                within 5 miles of an airport or above a designate altitude

          - Automatic landing feature is triggered by a critical low battery status preventing the sUAS
                from running out of battery while in flight

                                                                                                                               5 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

Operational protocols include:

          - Flight in Day VFR weather conditions only.
          - Operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL), though most

                flights will occur below 200 feet AGL. Speed will not exceed 30 mph over the ground. The
                Pilot in Command will maintain Visual Line of Sight capability at all times.
          - A thorough pre-flight inspection will be accomplished in accordance with manufacturer
                instructions. A survey of the area in the vicinity of the flight operation will be conducted
                making note of any potential hazard(s) and a risk mitigation plan will developed for each
                hazard.
          - Any time the sUAS has undergone maintenance or alteration, a qualified Pilot in Command
                will conduct a Functional Check Flight to ensure airworthiness. This flight will occur in a
                sparsely populated area, free of hazards.
          - Flight will plan to terminate with no less than 25% battery power remaining.
          - All training flights will occur in sparsely populated areas free of hazards.
          - No individual will act as Pilot in Command (PIC) of the sUAS (except during training
                conducted in designated areas) without either an airline transport, commercial, private,
                recreational, or sport pilot certificate, and written certificate of qualification by the Petitioner's
                Chief Pilot. In order to receive a certificate of qualification, a PIC will be required to
                demonstrate proficiency in operating the sUAS in a manner consistent with the exemption,
                including normal, evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
                from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
          - All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
                from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property
                owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
                conducted.
          - All operations will utilize at least one visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to
                communicate verbally at all times; electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during
                flight operations. The PIC will be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her
                designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the
                duties required of the VO.
          - All Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
                vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                     o Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
                           from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. If a situation arises where the
                           PIC becomes aware of nonparticipating persons leaving such protection and are
                           within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations will cease immediately in a manner
                           ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons.

          - The sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
                denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with
                an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published
                aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained
                or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder.

                                                                                                                               6 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

VI. A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

          Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §21,
Subpart H; §61.23(a) and (c); §61.101(e)(4) and (5); §61.113; §61.315(a); §91.7(a); §91.9 (b) (2);
§91.119(c); §91.121; §91.151(a)(1); §91.405(a); §91.407(a)(1); §91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2); §91.417(a)
and (b). The requested exemption would allow the petitioner to provide aerial photography and video
services to clients for use in real estate sales, local area orientation, surveying, marine photo and video,
agriculture, academic research, aerial inspections, aerial data collection and special events using a
combination of DJI Phantom 2 Vision , DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3 Advanced and DJI
Phantom 3 Professional Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (SUAS). Use of a sUAS reduces the
requirement to utilize manned aircraft over populated areas, manned lifting devices or manned climbing
for the same purpose and provides high quality results at a fraction of the price. These savings result in
enhanced safety, efficiency and productivity as well as environmental benefits. Proposed operations will
be conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

VII. Additional Information to Support the Request:

          The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those
presented in this petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC
(see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642),
the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications
described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Respectfully Submitted,                                7 

G. Michael Cundiff, Jr.
Owner, Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC

Attachments:
Attachment A: DJI Phantom 2 System Specs
Attachment B: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ System Specs
Attachment C: DJI Phantom 3 Advanced System Specs
Attachment D: DJI Phantom 3 Professional System Specs

 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

                                     Attachment A: DJI Phantom 2 System Specs

Aircraft:
Weight (Battery & Propellers included) - 1000g
Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly) - Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
Max Yaw Angular Velocity - 200°/s
Max Tilt Angle - 35°
Max Ascent / Descent Speed - Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Max Flight Speed - 15m/s(Not Recommended)
Diagonal Length - 350mm
Flight Time - 25mins
Take-off Weight - 1300g
Operating Temperature - -10°C ~ 50°C
Supported Battery - DJI Smart Battery
DJI Smart Battery

2.4GHz Remote Control:
Operating Frequency - 2.4GHz ISM
Communication Distance (open area) - 1000m
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER) - -97dBm
Working Current/Voltage - 120 mA@3.7V
Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity - 3.7V, 2000mAh

Full User Manual available at http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2/download

                                                                                                                               8 
 
                                                        Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                          Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                    27 May 2015 

Attachment B: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ System Specs

Aircraft:
Supported Battery - DJI 5200mAh LiPo Battery
Weight (Battery & Propellers included) - 1242g
Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly) - Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
Max Yaw Angular Velocity - 200°/s
Max Tiltable Angle - 35°
Max Ascent / Descent Speed - Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Max Flight Speed - 15m/s (Not Recommended)
Diagonal motor-motor distance - 350mm

Remote Control:
Operating Frequency - 5.728 GHz5.85 GHz
Communication Distance (open area) - CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER): -93dBm
Transmitter Power - CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 100mW
Working Voltage - 120 mA@3.7V
Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity - 3.7V, 2000mAh

Range Extender:
Operating Frequency - 2412-2462MHz
Communication Distance (open area) - 500-700m
Transmitter Power - 20dBm
Power Consumption - 2W

Full User Manual available at http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus/download  9 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

                             Attachment C: DJI Phantom 3 Advanced System Specs

Aircraft
Weight (including battery and propellers) - 1280 g
Diagonal size (including propellers) - 590 mm
Max Ascent Speed - 5 m/s
Max Descent Speed - 3 m/s
Hover Accuracy: Vertical: +/- 0.1 m (when Vision Positioning is active) or +/- 0.5 m; Horiz: +/- 1.5 m
Max Speed - 16 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
Max Altitude Above Sea Level - 6000 m
Operating Temperature - 0°C to 40°C
GPS Mode - GPS/GLONASS

Remote Controller
Operating Frequency - 2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz
Max Distance - 2000m (outdoors and unobstructed)
Video Output Port - USB
Operating Temperature - 0°C- 40°C
Battery - 6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Mobile Device Holder - For tablet or phone
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER):-101 dBm ±2 dBm
Transmitter Power (EIRP) - FCC: 20 dBm CE: 16 dBm
Working Voltage - 1.2 A @7.4 V

Full User Manual available at http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download

                                                                                                                              10 
 
                                                                                    Desert Vista Aerial Photography, LLC  
                                                                                      Section 333 Request for Exemption 
                                                                                                                 27 May 2015 

                           Attachment D: DJI Phantom 3 Professional System Specs

Aircraft
Weight (including battery and propellers) - 1280 g
Diagonal size (including propellers) - 590 mm
Max Ascent Speed - 5 m/s
Max Descent Speed - 3 m/s
Hover Accuracy: Vertical: +/- 0.1 m (when Vision Positioning is active) or +/- 0.5 m; Horiz: +/- 1.5 m
Max Speed - 16 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
Max Altitude Above Sea Level - 6000 m
Operating Temperature - 0°C to 40°C
GPS Mode - GPS/GLONASS

Remote Controller
Operating Frequency - 2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz
Max Distance - 2000m (outdoors and unobstructed)
Video Output Port - USB
Operating Temperature - 0°C- 40°C
Battery - 6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Mobile Device Holder - For tablet or phone
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER):-101 dBm ±2 dBm
Transmitter Power (EIRP) - FCC: 20 dBm CE: 16 dBm
Working Voltage - 1.2 A @7.4 V

Full User Manual available at http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download

                                                                                                                              11 
 
