June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11883
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0800

Mr. Todd Boward
CEO
DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC
304 Piez Avenue
Newport News, VA 23601

Dear Mr. Boward:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated January 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging of secured and controlled sites.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom Vision 2+, 3D Robotics Iris+, 3D
Robotics X8+M, xCel Drones XD-1100 CF, and xCel Drones XD­550 CDR.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
         Vision 2+, 3D Robotics Iris+, 3D Robotics X8+M, xCel Drones XD-1100 CF, and
         xCel Drones XD­550 CDR when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   9

Project Officer: _______________

MR TODD BOWARD
CEO
DIVIDEDSKY AERIAL PRODUCTIONS LLC
304 PIEZ AVENUE
NEWPORT NEWS VA 23601
                                                                  DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC 
                                                                                               304 Piez Avenue 

                                                                                   Newport News, VA 23601 
                                                                                             Tel. 7572629035 

                                                                    todd.boward@dividedskyaerials.com 
 

                                                                                              January 15, 2015 
                                                                                                                       

U. S. Department of Transportation  
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  
Washington, DC 20590 

                                              
Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the 
Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR 45.23(b) 14 CFR Part 21 14 CFR 
61.113 (a) & (b) 91.7 (a) 91.9 (b) (2) 91.103(b) 91.109 91.119 91.121 91.151(a) 
91.203(a) & (b) 91.405 (a) 91.407(a) (1) 91.409 (a) (2) 91.417 (a) & (b). 

                                              
Dear Sir or Madam: 

                                              
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform 
Act") and 14 CFR Part 11, DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC ("Applicant"), an aerial 
photography, videography, and mapping firm, hereby applies for an exemption from the 
listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its Small 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems (''sUASs") for aerial imaging of secured and controlled 
sites, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined 
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. 

                                              
As detailed in this document and the attached Flight Operations Manual (the "Manual"), 
the requested exemption would permit Applicant to operate sUASs under controlled 
conditions in airspace that is limited, predetermined, and controlled as to access, and in 
a manner that provides safety enhancements to the already established safety protocols 
allowed in the industry for rotary and fixed wing aircraft. Approval of this exemption 
would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the responsibilities of the Secretary of 
Transportation ("FAA Administrator") to "establish requirements for the safe operation of 
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333 (c) of the Reform 
Act. 

                                              
 

                                                                

                                                                                    1 
 

The name and address of the Applicant is: 

                              

DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC 

Todd Boward/CEO 

Phone:   7572629035 

Email:   todd.boward@dividedskyaerials.com 

Address:  304 Piez Avenue  

         Newport News, VA 23601 

                              

 

Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 

                              

14 CFR Part 21 

14 CFR 45.23(b) 

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) 14 CFR 91.7 (a) 

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 

14 CFR 91.103 

14 CFR 91.109 

14 CFR 91.119 

14 CFR 91.121 

14 CFR 91.151 (a) 

14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b) 14 CFR 91.405 (a) 

14 CFR 407 (a) (1) 

14 CFR 409 (a) (2) 

14 CFR 417 (a) & (b) 

 
 

  I. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS 

                                                 
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This 

statutory authority includes exempting "civil aircraft," as the term is defined under 

§40101 of the Act, including sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have 

a current airworthiness certificate. 

                              

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 

prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 4470244716 of 

this title if the Administrator finds the exemption to be or is in the public interest.  

                                             

                                            2 
49 U.S.C. §44701(f), See also 49 USC §4471 l (a) 49 USC §44704 14 CFR §91.203 
(a) (l). 

                                              
Section 333 (b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUASs 
may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating either a hazard to 
the user or the public or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the 
Secretary must consider: 

                                              
     The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
     Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator and 
     Whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from 

         close proximity to airports.   
 
Reform Act §333 (a). If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the 
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe 
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id . §333 (c). 

          
Applicant's sUASs are multirotor vehicles weighing 10 or fewer pounds including 
payload. They operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 30 knots 
and have the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal plane 
simultaneously. The sUASs will operate only in the pilot's visual line of sight at all times 
and will operate only within the sterile area described in the confidential DividedSky 
Flight Operations Manual, attached as Exhibit 1 (hereinafter "the Manual").  
 
Such operations will insure that the sUASs will "not create a hazard to users of the 
national airspace system or the public." Reform Act § 333 (b).

Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted and sterile environment 
within which they will operate, the Applicant's application falls squarely within the zone 
of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA, by 
exemption, must allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence immediately. 
 
Also, due to the small size of the sUASs and the low altitudes and restricted areas in 
which Applicant's sUASs will operate, approval of the application presents no national 
security issue. 

                                              
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the 
Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the 

                                                                

                                                                                    3 
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, the 

grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest. 

                                   

Accordingly, Applicant DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC, respectfully requests that 

the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 

                                   

II. PUBLIC INTEREST 

                                                 
This exemption application (the "Application") is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' 

goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the 

Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may 

operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 

332 of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress' intent of 

allowing sUASs to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk environments. 

                                                 
Additionally, sUASs could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft that are 

currently being used to complete these aerial image acquisition tasks. The sUASs 

Applicant proposes to fly in this application are less than five pounds and carry no 

combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger conventionally powered 

small fixed and rotary winged aircraft. Shifting to sUASs from helicopters presents a 

marked safety increase for the Applicant's workers and the public. 

                                   

Lastly, sUASs reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy 

used for aerial imaging and data collection. Applicant's sUASs use rechargeable lithium 

ion batteries, as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that are 

many hundreds of times heavier. 

                                              

III. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 

                                   

Applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have 

the characteristics and that operate within the limitations listed herein. These limitations 

provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the 

current regulatory structure, because the proposed operations represent a safety 
enhancement to the already safe protocols followed on construction sites and in 

imaging and surveying operations conducted with helicopters and other conventional 

aircraft.  

                                   

 

 

                                      

                                     4 
Applicant will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS operations 
under an FAA issued exemption: 

                                              
    1. The sUAS will weigh less than 30 pounds, including payload. 
    2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot. 
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. The UAS 

         calculates battery reserve in real time, and will return to its ground station with at 
         least 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.  
    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude no higher than 350 feet AGL and never 
         exceeding 400 feet AGL. 
    5. Crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS pilot, who will keep the sUAS 
         within his visual line of sight at all times, a camera operator, who will be 
         responsible for all camera operations, and an observer/controller, who will 
         manage the flight operations area. 
    6. The sUAS pilot will be trained in the dynamics of flight, flight operations, weather, 
         instrumentation, GPS systems, human performance factors and safety 
         procedures as detailed in the DividedSky sUAS Pilot Certification Program as 
         prescribed in the Manual. 
    7. The sUAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the 
         Manual. The Manual also requires the establishment of a "Security Perimeter" for 
         the flight operations area. 
    8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to 
         each day's production activities. Attendance at this briefing of all personnel who 
         will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter will be 
         mandatory. 
    9. All onsite personnel will consent to the sUAS flyover on site by waiver, and the 
         observer/controller will obtain additional verbal or written consent of all persons 
         who will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operations area. 
    10. The pilot will have been trained in operation of sUASs generally and received 
         uptodate information on the particular sUAS to be operated as required by the 
         Manual. 
    11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be 
         obtained.   
    12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, 
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other 
         appropriate governmental agencies. 
    13. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have capability 
         to return to and land at a predetermined location within the Security Perimeter. 

                                                                

                                                                                    5 
    14. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted 
         obstacles or emergencies. 
                                                 

 
 
IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS 

                                                 
14 CFR Part 21,Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR §91.203(a)(l) Subpart 
H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for 
the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1).  
 
Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by 
Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an 
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal 
Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the 
FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon 
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports 
and populated areas of the particular UAS. Applicant's small UAS will be operated at 
low speed in a controlled environment at least five miles from an airport. An analysis of 
these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, 
in the restricted environment, and under the conditions proposed, will be at least as 
safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an 
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed. 

                                              
The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than ten (10) lbs. fully loaded, carries 
neither pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and 
operates exclusively within a secured area as set out in the Manual. Like other civil 
aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the 
operator, pursuant to the Flight Operations Manual's requirements, and under the 
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide 
security for the area of operation as is currently done on active construction sites. The 
FAA will have advance notice of all operations. 

                                              
These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection 
with construction sites, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property 
owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued 
under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H. 

                                              

                                                                

                                                                                    6 
Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to 
national security posed by the sUAS due to its size, speed of operation, location of 
operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry an 
external load no greater than two (2) lbs. 

                                              
14 CFR 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft 

                                              
This regulation requires certain experimental, provisionally certificated aircraft or light 
sport category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high 
"limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each entrance to 
a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. 

                                              
Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be 
needed as the body of the sUAS will have no "entrance" to a "cabin, cockpit or pilot 
station" on which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, 
twoinch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the 
fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f). 

                                              
The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on its 
fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the
sUAS will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the 
following exemptions to this regulation: Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 
10167A. 

                                              
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command 

                                              
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Because the 
UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the 
equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the pilot operating the 
aircraft to have completed a sUAS flight training course of 80 hours before flying a 
sUAS (See the Manual for more details). Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the 
pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo on 
board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and 
coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. The risks associated with the 
operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with 
commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted that allowing operations 
of the sUAS as requested with a pilot who has met the minimum requirements stated in 
the Manual exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 CFR §61.113 (a) & (b). 

                                              

                                                                

                                                                                    7 
Section 61.133 (a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in 
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Applicant respectfully proposes that 
operator requirements should take into account the characteristics of the particular 
sUAS. All of the sUAS that Applicant's pilots will fly have a high degree of pre 
programmed control and various built in technical capabilities that strictly limit the 
potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption 
application. 

                                                       
Applicant`s sUASs have an all digital software platform with advanced features 
previously restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced 
flysafe controls enable safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced networking 
capabilities and system extensibility. 

                                                       
     Plan your flight or fly adhoc: The system can autonomously fly a programmed 

         flight path or fly in manual mode. 
 

     Smart batteries and charger: Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all 
         times. The system will return home and land automatically if user configurable 
         limits are reached. 
                            

Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project. All of 
Applicant's sUASs offer superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for 
people to be on board in potentially dangerous situations. With multiple builtin safety 
features, these platform leads other sUAS with respect to safety. 

                                                       
     Intelligent fault handling: The system automatically detects potential issues with 

         configurable automated response behavior such as a return home and land 
         routine. 
 
     Automatic preflight checks: The system self calibrates all of its sensors and 
         performs self tests prior to takeoff to check for errors. 
 
     No fly zones: The system has the ability to set up visual and GeoFence no fly 
         zones. 
 
     Self monitoring: Monitoring battery levels, and other system and environmental 
         conditions are automatically handled by the system. 
 

                                                                

                                                                                    8 
     Battery communication: Battery minutes and flight time are displayed at all times. 
         The system will return home and land automatically if user configurable limits are 
         reached. 

 
     Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of 
         Applicant's sUASs include the following: 

 
              Auto detection of lost GPS warns the pilot and initiates an immediate 
                  landing.  

          
              Low battery on Applicant's sUASs triggers a Non Fatal Warning alarm to 
                  return home, land and replace the battery. 

          
              If Applicant's sUASs detect a lost link to the base station the vehicle will 
                  perform its predefined Non Fatal Condition Response. 
                                                                                        

Given these safety features, Applicant proposes that operators of Applicant's sUASs 
should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, 
operators should be required to: 

          
    1. Have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction 

         and passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA recognized 
         equivalents including ICAO issued commercial, private license and ground 
         school and 
    2. Have completed the DividedSky Aerial Production Pilot Certification Program for 
         operation of the sUAS. 

                                                                                  
Applicant notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs 
by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs 
where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal 
Aviation Administration, Notice N8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) 
Operational Approval, at 2021 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, 
granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot requirements for commercial 
operations. 

                                                                                  
Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by 
allowing operation of Applicant's sUASs without a private pilot's certificate or a 
commercial pilot's certificate, under the conditions set forth herein. 

                                                                                  

                                                                

                                                                                    9 
The risks associated with the operation of Applicant's sUASs (given their size, speed, 

operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of 

risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by 

Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of 

the sUAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided 

under 14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial 

pilot to operate the aircraft under § 61.133(a).    

 

14 CFR 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airworthiness 

           

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in 

airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, 

should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining 

airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the 

Manual for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to each flight, as set forth in 

Section B and Section G, an equivalent level of safety will be provided. 

           

14 CFR 91.9 (b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements 

           

Given its size and configuration, the sUAS has no ability or place to carry such a flight 

manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but also because 

there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. 

           

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the 

ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. 

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 

8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 

           

14 CFR 91.103: Preflight Action 

           

This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to 

ensure the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will 

take separate preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking 

flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions 

in the Preflight Checklist in the Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent level of 

safety. 

           

 

 

                                    

                                  10 
14 CFR 91.109: Flight Instruction 
                                              

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned 
free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully 
functioning dual controls. 

                                              
By design, sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. 
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with 
the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has previously approved exemptions for 
aircraft without fully functional dual controls. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The 
equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be 
carried in the aircraft, the ability to control the sUAS via radio signals from the controller, 
and by the size and speed of the aircraft. 

                                              
 
14 CFR 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 

                                              
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 
(d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed provided the 
person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for 
helicopters by the FAA. This exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a 
helicopter, with vertical takeoff and vertical landing, which typically will operate at 
altitudes of 200 AGL, so an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. The 
sUAS will never operate at an altitude higher than 400 AGL and will be in a restricted 
area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to 
operations without their preobtained consent. See Manual for detailed procedures. 

                                              
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the 
sUAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the 
permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the 
property owner and any onsite personnel as outlined in the Manual, all affected 
individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations 
with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum ten (10) lbs. proposed 
herein and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with Applicant's operations is far 
less than those presently presented with helicopters and other conventional aircraft 
operating at or below 500 AGL in the any industry.  In addition, the lowaltitude 
operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these small UAS operations and 
the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119. 

                                              

                                                                

                                                                                    11 
14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings 
                                              

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude 
by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an 
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a 
Barometric Altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be 
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the 
Manual and Safety Checklist, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the 
GPS altitude indicator before flight. 

                                              
14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions 

                                              
Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. 
Applicant's sUAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments as 
outlined in the Manual, and has a limited range and flight time which require an 
exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a). 

                                              
The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 30 minutes of powered flight. To 
meet the 30minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be 
limited to approximately 5 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the sUAS's 
proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined 
area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable. 

                                              
DividedSky believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.15l (a) falls within the scope of 
prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to 
operate without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the sUAS, in a tightly 
controlled area where only people and property owners or official representatives who 
have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve battery power, 
does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate 
given the size and speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 
minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted. 

                                              
An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes, or enough 
battery reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of 
battery power (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the pilot), 
whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the 
sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar 
exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 
10673, and 10808. 

                                                                

                                                                                    12 
                                              
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration The 
regulation provides in part: (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may 
operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following: (1) An appropriate and 
current airworthiness certificate . . . . (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft 
unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a 
special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or 
cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. 

                                              
The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 10 lbs and is operated without an onboard 
pilot. Therefore there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration 
documents or to display them on the sUAS. 

                                              
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the required documents at the 
ground flight control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to 
them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous 
exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes 
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700. 

                                              
14 CFR 91.405 (a) 407 (a) (l) 409 (a) (2) 417 (a) and (b): Maintenance inspections 

                                              
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft 
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, 
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as 
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft 
in compliance with Part 43. 

                                              
Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness 
certificate, these sections will not apply to Applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished 
by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in 
the Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs 
are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted 
areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS can land 
immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the 
Manual, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating 
flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. 
Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and, thus, best suited 
to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. 

                                              

                                                                

                                                                                    13 
                                   ******* 

                                              
Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in 
the Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: 

                                              
Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR §21, subpart H 14 CFR 
45.23 (b) 14 CFR §§ 61.113 (a) and (b) 91.7 (a) 91.9 (b) (2) 91.103 (b) 91.109 
91.119 91.121 91.151 (a) 91.203 (a) and (b) 91.405 (a) 91.407 (a) (1) 91.409 (a) (2) 
91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) and (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned 
vehicle (55 lbs or less) in image acquisition operations. Approval of exemptions allowing 
commercial operations of sUASs in the construction industry enhances safety while 
reducing risk. Manned aircraft image acquisition and surveying operations creates a 
greater risk because the craft are much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry an 
onboard human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 10 lbs. and powered by 
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of 
combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, 
therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights. 

                                              
The operation of sUASs weighing less than 30 lbs. and conducted in the strict 
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant 
of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the 
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft 
operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a 
result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters 
operating in close proximity to the ground and people. 

                                              
Privacy 

                                              
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's 
prior consent and knowledge. Images taken will be of individuals who have also 
consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where aerial 
photography will take place. 
 
 
  

                                                                

                                                                                    14 
                          

                             ******* 

                          

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012, including 

size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas 

and operation within visual line of sight and national security, provides more than 

adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial 

operation of Applicant's sUASs in the image acquisition industry pursuant to the Manual 

appended hereto. 

                          

 

Sincerely, 

                          

 

 

 

Todd D. Boward                                  Frank A. Edgar, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer                         In House Counsel 

DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC              DividedSky Aerial Productions, LLC 

 

                                     

                                     

                                    Exhibit List 

 
    1. Flight Operations Manual (Proprietary) 
    2. Safety Management Manual (Proprietary) 
    3. Risk Management Workbook (Proprietary) 
    4. Pilot Training and Certification Program (Proprietary) 
    5. DJI Phantom Vision 2+ User Manual 
    6. DJI Naza  M2 Control System 
    7. 3D Robotics Iris+ User Manual 
    8. 3D Robotics X8+M User Manual 
    9. 3D Robotics PixHawk AutoPilot User Guide 
    10. xCel Drones XD550 CDR User Manual 
    11. xCel Drones  XD1100 CF User Manual 
    12. Mission Planner User Guide 

                                      

                                    15 
