April 22, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11419
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0185

Mr. Douglas R. Dorrer
204 East Main Street
Clarksburg, WV 26301

Dear Mr. Dorrer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct educational community outreach, aerial real property and pre/post
environmental remediation surveys, and not-for-profit Search and Rescue operations
supporting local law enforcement.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3DRobotics IRIS+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Douglas R. Dorrer is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Douglas R. Dorrer is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics IRIS+
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
January 26, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Douglas R. Dorrer, the Operator of a Small Unmanned Aircraft
System ("sUAS"), including the 3 D R o b o t i c s IRIS+ ("IRIS+"), seeks an exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and discussed in Appendix A.1
Douglas R. Dorrer seeks exemption from the listed FARs to allow its use of the IRIS+ in
commercial operations, such as educational community outreach, aerial real property and
pre/post environmental remediation surveys, and not-for-profit Search and Rescue (SAR)
operations supporting local law enforcement, so long as such operations are conducted within
and under the conditions outlined herein or as established by the FAA in an exemption granted
under either Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f).2

As discussed below, Douglas R. Dorrer is willing to abide by conditions the FAA has required
in issuing recent Section 333 exemptions. This agreement on Douglas R. Dorrer's part and the
strong similarity of its operations to those approved in Exemptions 11109 and 11110 should
give the FAA a basis for prompt consideration and processing of this request.

Douglas R. Dorrer is an employee of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration
(NASA) which provides educational outreach to students throughout the sparsely
populated State of West Virginia, a former FAA-licensed Air Traffic Controller, and a
state-licensed Realtor® with several University degrees in Professional Aeronautics and Airway
Sciences. He proposes to use a small, lightweight (less than 4.5lbs/2kg) UAV ­ the
IRIS+ ­ and software to collect, process, and analyze aerial data principally for purposes of
UAV educational outreach instruction, commercial aerial real property and pre/post
environmental remediation surveying as well as not-for-profit Search and Rescue (SAR)
operations supporting local law enforcement. Indeed, use of the IRIS+ would contribute to
various social goods, from education through Science, Technology, Engineering, and
Mathematics (STEM); to real property marketing and environmental protection; to
emergency support of First Responders. In providing these services, Douglas R. Dorrer would
empower students, law enforcement, and businessmen
______________________

1 See Pub. Law 112-95, 126 Stat. 11, § 333 (2012).
2 Douglas R. Dorrer relies upon the following exemptions where specific reference to an exemption is not
provided: Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109 through 11112, and 11114.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Two

to make better management decisions through software and cameras that identifies aerial
perspectives of STEM initiatives, real property environmental conditions as well as life saving
opportunities.

Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions
to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned
aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333. 3

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize commercial operations
using the IRIS+, which with a maximum take-off weight of less than 4.5 lbs. and is small in
size. The IRIS+ will be operated under controlled conditions at low altitude in Class G airspace
that is limited in scope, as described more fully herein; it will have automated control features,
as described herein. The IRIS+ also will be operated by an individual formerly trained under
FAA Order JO 7110.65 4 as an Air Traffic Controller ("ATC") 5, within the National Airspace
System ("NAS") with several aviation-related university degrees transversing education directly
related to aircraft operations.6 Finally, the Class G airspace in which the UAS will operate will
be coordinated with the local Fixed-Based Operator (FBO) or ATC facility as applicable.
Additionally, a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM") will be filed in accordance with FAA Order JO
7930.2P 7 prior to operations; if required.

Douglas R. Dorrer respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aerial vehicle ­ the
IRIS+­ will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with
fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that the
operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant are:

Douglas R. Dorrer
204 E. Main Street
Clarksburg, West Virginia 26301
(304) 629-7077
Wv_mba@earthlink.net

_____________________

3

  While Douglas R. Dorrer is filing this exemption request on its own behalf, he anticipates that purchasers of the
IRIS+ in the future will file exemption applications to allow them to operate the IRIS+ in commercial operations on
their own. Those filings will be substantially similar to this exemption request.
4 Reference FAA Order Jo 7110.65, Air Traffic Control Handbook
5 See attached FAA license.
6 See attached Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University transcripts.
7 Reference FAA Order JO 7930.2P, Notices to Airmen.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Three

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c);
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in
the public interest. Appendix B provides the requisite Federal Register summary.

THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Douglas R. Dorrer submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the IRIS+ in
commercial and not-for-profit operations will advance the Congressional mandate in Section
333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of UASs into the NAS if it can be
accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required
under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to
determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose
a threat to national security in light of the following:

    · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the Operator.

Reform Act § 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation
of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added). 8

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under

8 Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for
exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein require
modification to allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of the UAS. Douglas R. Dorrer
welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any issues or concerns that this proposal
may raise that they believe may require modification.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Four

§ 40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of Sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as
amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the
significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with
transitioning to UASs for aerial surveying. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests
that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 9

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at
least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to operations that
would be conducted with conventional aircraft. These conditions are drawn from Exemptions
11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109, and 11110.

These limitations and conditions to which Douglas R. Dorrer (or "Operator") agrees to be
bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

         1. Operations of the IRIS+ are limited to the aircraft described in the attached
         manuals, which is a quadcopter ("Quad") aircraft built by 3D Robotics, Inc. that weighs
         less than 4.5 pounds (the "UAV" or "UAS"). Proposed operations of any other
         operationally or technically similar aircraft shall be considered.

         2. The UAV may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 25 knots.

9 In filing this application, Douglas R. Dorrer also is requesting that the FAA combine the grant of the Section 333
exemption with a stand-alone Certificate of Operation ("COA") that will allow commercial operations of the IRIS+
without the necessity of filing for a COA for each flight. Compliance with the conditions agreed to herein and that
may be imposed by the FAA, as set forth in prior Section 333 exemptions, provide the separation needed from other
aircraft. NOTAM and notice to air traffic control can be provided by the filing of a NOTAM as set forth within the
proposed conditions.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Five

         3. The UAV may be operated at an altitude of no more than 150 feet above ground
         level ("AGL"), as indicated by the procedures specified in the attached manuals. All
         altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4. The UAV must be operated within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the Operator.

         5. All operations must utilize a visual observer ("VO"). The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the Operator always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and Operator must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
         The Operator must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her
         designation for the duration of the flight. The Operator must ensure that the VO can
         perform the functions prescribed in the Operator's manual.

         6. The manuals must be amended to include all conditions and limitations required by
         the FAA. The manuals must be maintained and made available to the Administrator
         upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the
         exemption and the procedures outlined in the manuals, the conditions and limitations in
         the exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the Operator must
         follow the procedures as outlined in the manuals.

         The Operator may update or revise the manuals. It is the Operator's responsibility
         to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
         upon request. The Operator must also present updated and revised documents if it
         petitions for an extension or amendment of this exemption. If the Operator determines
         that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this
         exemption, then the Operator must petition for amendment to its exemption.

         7. Prior to each flight, the Operator must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a
         condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe
         operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
         maintenance has been performed, and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe
         flight. The ground control station must be included in the preflight inspection. All
         maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

         8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
         operation or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must
         undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the Operator's manual. The
         Operator who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft
         records of the flight. The manuals include this requirement.

         9. The preflight inspection section in the manuals includes the following requirement:
         the preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e., inoperable

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Six

         components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection
         sections of the Operator's manual.

         10. The Operator must follow 3D Robotics IRIS+ aircraft/component, maintenance,
         overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements, with particular attention
         to flight critical components that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.

         11. All maintenance and aircraft inspections shall be completed in accordance with the
         manuals. A lterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours,
         description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized technician
         returning the UAS to service.

         13. Each UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all 3D Robotics
         system and safety bulletins.

         14. Operator's maintenance personnel must make a record entry in the UAS logbook
         or equivalent document of the corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered
         between inspections.

         15. The Operator is not required to obtain a private pilot certificate or a third-class
         airman medical certificate in accordance with 14 CFR Part 103. 10

         16. The Operator shall safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the
         UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency
         maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and
         structures.

         17. The Operator shall only operate the UAS in the immediate vicinity of the subject
         educational outreach, aerial real property or environmental surveys, or within
         designated SAR operations with First Responder oversight.

         18. The Operator shall conspicuously post signage indicating UAS operations are in
         progress and to remain clear. 11

         19. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS must return to a
         pre- determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land or
         be recovered in accordance with the manuals.

         20. The Operator must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies in accordance with the manuals.
_____________________

10 See Reference 14 CFR 103, Ultralight Vehicles
11 See Attached Proposed Sign

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Seven

         21. The Operator is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind
         and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 10
         minutes.

         22. The Operator will file a request for a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) not more than 72
         hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

         23. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
         control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC")
         or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

         24. The Operator and VO shall monitor ATC emergency radio frequencies VHF 121.5
         Mhz or UHF 243.0 Mhz.

         25. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
         Operator at the ground control station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
         These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
         official upon request.

         26. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations
         and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
         activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

         27. The UAS may not be operated by the Operator from any moving device or vehicle.

         28. All operations shall be conducted in Class G airspace 150 feet or less AGL.

         29. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions ("VMC").
         The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
         horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
         Operator.

         30. During operations in Class G airspace, the UAS may not operate within 5 nautical
         miles of the geographic center of an airport as denoted on a current FAA-published
         aeronautical chart unless a Letter of Agreement with that airport's management is
         obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the
         Operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made
         available to the Administrator upon request.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Eight

         30. The UAS may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas unless the
         conditions set forth in #31 are satisfied. These populated areas include, but are not
         limited to, the yellow areas depicted on World Aeronautical Charts ("WAC"), Sectional
         Aeronautical Charts ("Sectionals"), or Terminal Area Charts ("TAC"). However,
         aeronautical charts may not reflect pertinent local information. Ultimately, it is the
         Operator's responsibility to maintain the minimum safe altitudes required by § 91.119.

         31. Operations must be conducted at least 150 feet from all nonparticipating persons
         (person's other than the Operator or VO), vessels, vehicles, and structures
         unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
         from debris in the event of an accident. The Operator must ensure that nonparticipating
         persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises in which nonparticipating
         persons leave such protection and are within 150 feet of the UAS, flight operations must
         cease immediately; and/or

                  b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles, or structures where the land
                  owner/controller has granted permission and the Operator has made a safety
                  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects; and

                  c. operations near the Operator or VO do not present an undue hazard to the
                  Operator or VO, per § 91.119(a).

         32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
         land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
         conducted.

         33. In the event COAs are required, any incident, accident, or flight operation that
         transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the
         applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office ("AFS-80")
         within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
         Board ("NTSB") per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

********

Privacy. All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the
property owner's prior consent and knowledge. Inspection will be in areas where the owners
will have consented to the inspections or otherwise have agreed to allow the UAS and the
Operator to be in the area where inspection will take place.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 26, 2015
Page Nine

National Security. No national security issue is raised by the grant of this exemption. Given
the size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
explosives or other dangerous materials, the IRIS+ poses no threat to national security.

********

In summary, Douglas R. Dorrer seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth in Appendix
A to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (4.5lbs. or less) in educational outreach,
aerial real property and pre/post environmental remediation surveys as well as not-for-profit
Search and Rescue operations.

Approval of this exemption for commercial operations will enhance safety by reducing risk.
Conventional operations, using jet or piston powered aircraft, operate at extremely low
altitudes just feet from the subject being inspected and in extreme proximity to people and
structures. Such manned operations present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in
excess of 6,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel. Such aircraft must fly to
and from the project location. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 4.5 lbs. and
powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to the target area and not flown. The
sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 4.5 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in sparsely-populated West Virginia Class G airspace not under the authority of
ATC 12. As a result, they are far safer than conventional operations conducted with manned
aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS for the
Purposes outlined herein and are consistent with exemptions already granted, including
Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109 through 11112, and 11114.

Sincerely,

Douglas R. Dorrer, MBA, Pro Se
__________________________

12 FAA Order JO 7110.65v ­ Chapter 12.1.1.2, Airspace Classification, Class G - Uncontrolled airspace
within which ATC has neither the authority nor responsibility for exercising control over air traffic.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
                                                 APPENDIX A

     EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS
                  UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Douglas R. Dorrer requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the IRIS+:

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the IRIS+ in this case is
remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a)
requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of any aircraft
for compensation or hire. Douglas R. Dorrer respectfully proposes that Operator requirements
should take into account the characteristics of the particular UAS. Douglas R. Dorrer's IRIS+
has a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that
strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the
exemption application.

The IRIS+ has an autonomous navigation and control system. Flights are pre- programmed
with precision GPS guidance and do not require human intervention. In the case of unplanned
events, the Operator can manually intervene to take one of the following actions:
(i) command the aircraft to begin to autonomously return to the recovery area and land;
(ii) command the aircraft to autonomously return to the recovery area where the pilot will
assume control and land the aircraft; or (iii) manually assume control of the aircraft via the
hand controller and return the craft to the recovery area where the Operator lands it.

Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the IRIS+ include the
following:

· Auto-pilot detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates a stand-by loiter
      pattern until such time as GPS is re-established or the PIC assumes manual control of the
      aircraft.

· Low battery power on the aircraft (10.4 volts) triggers the landing sequence and the
      craft will fly to the recovery area.

· If the auto-pilot detects a lost-link to the ground control station for longer than 30
      seconds, landing procedure begins.

· The aircraft, weighing fewer than 4.5 lbs., fully loaded, is constructed of plastic,
      which is intended to absorb impact energy.

· In the event the ground station reaches a low power state, it will alert the
      pilot.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
The FAA has long-established regulations found in 14 CFR 103 ("Part 103") that do not require
an operator of Ultralight Vehicles weighing less than 254 lbs to obtain an airman or medical
certificate:

1. § 103.7 Certification and registration.
         (b) Notwithstanding any other section pertaining to airman certification, operators of
         ultralight vehicles are not required to meet any aeronautical knowledge, age, or
         experience requirements to operate those vehicles or to have airman or medical
         certificates.

2. Interim Operational Approval Guidance 08-01 1

    9.1.1.1 Operations not requiring a pilot certificate: The PIC may not be
    required to hold a pilot certificate for operations approved and conducted
    solely within visual line of sight in Class G airspace. For the PIC to be exempt
    from the pilot certificate requirement the following conditions must exist and
    the alternate compliance method described below must be followed:

    · The operation is conducted in a sparsely populated location, and,
    · The operation is conducted from a privately owned airfield, military

         installation, or off-airport location.
    · Visual line of sight operations conducted no further than 1 NM laterally

         from the UAS pilot and at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
         ground level (AGL) at all times.
    · Operations shall be conducted during daylight hours only.
    · Operations shall be conducted no closer than 5 NM from any airport or
         heliport.

Given these safety features as well as established FAA regulatory guidance, Douglas R. Dorrer
proposes that Operators of the IRIS+ should not be required to hold an airmen or medical
certification.

The risks associated with the operation of the IRIS+ (given its size, speed, operational
capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated with
commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) that allowing operations of the UAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the present
level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of
requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under § 61.133(a).

_________________

1 See Reference Interim Operational Approval Guidance 08-01; Unmanned Aircraft Systems
Operations in the U. S. National Airspace System, 2008.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of the IRIS+ without a private pilot's certificate, under the conditions set
forth in the exemption request. The FAA has granted exemptions to conduct similar
operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109, and 11110.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the IRIS+
without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the IRIS+. Given
the size of the aircraft and the requirements that the Operator has agreed to as relates to
airworthiness, as set forth in the attached manuals, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved
by ensuring compliance with the 3D Robotics manuals prior to each flight. The FAA has granted
exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109,
and 11110.

Furthermore, 14 CFR 103.7 (a) , Ultralight Vehicles weighing less than 254 lbs. do not require
an airworthiness certificate.

         (a) Notwithstanding any other section pertaining to certification of aircraft or their parts
         or equipment, ultralight vehicles and their component parts and equipment are not
         required to meet the airworthiness certification standards specified for aircraft or to have
         certificates of airworthiness.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes.

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c)
limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not
be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the IRIS+ will never operate at higher than 150 feet AGL. It will, however,
be operated to avoid congested or populated areas that are depicted in yellow on VFR sectional
charts. Because aerial survey work must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes and at
altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the IRIS+ is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the landowner
or those who control the land as well as local officials. Because of advance notice to the
landowner, all affected individuals will be aware of the survey flights. Compared to aerial
survey operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 4.5 lbs. and
carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be far less than the risks
currently posed by conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-
altitude operations of the UAS will maintain separation between these small-UAS operations
and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119. The FAA has
granted exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080,
and 1110.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
Douglas R. Dorrer further believes that ATC does not have the authority to control aircraft
within Class G airspace according to FAA Order JO 7110.65v.

         12.1.1.2-Airspace Classification; Class G - Uncontrolled airspace within which ATC has
         neither the authority nor responsibility for exercising control over air traffic. (Emphasis
         Noted)

Furthermore, while operating within Class G airspace under the doctrine of "See and Avoid" in
accordance with 14 CFR 91.113- Right of Way Rules, manned-aircraft must give way to a lesser
maneuverable or unmanned aircraft. A 4.5lb. UAS and a piloted fuel-powered aircraft are
obviously not of the same category.

         (b) General. When weather conditions permit, regardless of whether an operation is
         conducted under instrument flight rules or visual flight rules, vigilance shall be
         maintained by each person operating an aircraft so as to see and avoid other aircraft.

         (d) Converging. When aircraft of the same category are converging at approximately the
         same altitude (except head-on, or nearly so), the aircraft to the other's right has the right-
         of-way. If the aircraft are of different categories--

                  (1) A balloon has the right-of-way over any other category of aircraft;
                  (2) A glider has the right-of-way over an airship, powered parachute, weight-
                  shift-control aircraft, airplane, or rotorcraft.
                  (3) An airship has the right-of-way over a powered parachute, weight-shift-
                  control aircraft, airplane, or rotorcraft.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The batteries powering the IRIS+ provide approximately 10-15 minutes of powered flight.
Without an exemption from § 14 C.F.R. 91.151, the UAS's flights would be limited to
approximately 5-7 minutes in length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the
location of those proposed operations, a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions
is reasonable.

Douglas R. Dorrer believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is safe and within the
scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS without 5-7 minutes of
reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent
given the size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger,
or cargo also enhances its safety. Limiting IRIS+ flights to 5-7 minutes would greatly reduce
their utility. In the unlikely event that the IRIS+ achieves a low battery state (10.4 volts), it
would simply land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
contemplated by the current regulation.
Douglas R. Dorrer believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining
5 minutes of battery life, which, allowing 15 minutes of flight time, would be more than
adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.
Similar exemptions have been granted to other Operators, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
10673, 10808, and Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109, 1110, and 11112.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft Operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter . . . ." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43;
Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or Operator to keep records showing certain
maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or
licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.
Maintenance of the IRIS+ will be accomplished by the owner/Operator pursuant to the manuals
attached as confidential exhibits. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the
UAS is small in size, will carry a small payload, will operation only in restricted predetermined
areas and is not a complex mechanical device. As provided in the attached manuals, the
Operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed; moreover, the Operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety. The FAA has granted exemptions for
similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, and 11112.

Douglas R. Dorrer 204 E. Main Street, Clarksburg, West Virginia, 26301
                                                 APPENDIX B

    SUMMARY OF DOUGLAS R. DORRER SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

For publication in the Federal Register, Douglas R. Dorrer hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a
summary of its exemption application to allow commercial operation of the IRIS+ unmanned
aircraft in educational outreach, aerial real property and pre/post environmental remediation
survey work as well as not-for-profit search and rescue operations. An exemption is requested
from the following regulations:

         14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2);
         14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)
