April 6, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11281
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0963

Mr. Zenon Dragan
Draganfly Innovations, Inc.
2108 St. George Avenue
Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, S7M 0K7
Canada

Dear Mr. Dragan:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 22, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Draganfly Innovations, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct market research, aerial surveys, mapping, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Draganflyer X4P, X4ES, X6, and Guardian.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Draganfly Innovations Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Draganfly Innovations, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Draganflyer X4P,
         X4ES, X6, and Guardian when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
         The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic
         messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
         designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
         of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
         VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
October 22, 2014                                 ,f굣..

U.S. Department of Transportation                            ; ..
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE                                                   ".../
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Draganfly Innovations Inc. ("Draganfly"), the developer and operator of
the Draganflyer X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian
(collectively, Draganflyer Systems) small Unmanned UAS Systems ("sUAS") seeks an
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and discussed in
Appendix A. Details of Draganfly and the Draganflyer X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6
and Draganflyer Guardian sUAS are described in Appendix B. Attached as Appendix C is a
summary of this request.

The requested exemption would permit Draganfly commercial operation of Draganfly's
Draganflyer X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian(see details in
Appendix B), each which weigh less 5.5 lbs with imaging payloads, to perform market research,
aerial surveys, mapping, and inspections that consist of still photographs, video, and other data
taken by on board sensors. The Draganflyer Systems produce high quality imagery and data that
can be used independently or in the case of surveying and modelling, can be combined to
produce precision digital point clouds, triangle models, and contour maps of the surveyed area.
Applications for these sUASs include assistance to law enforcement agencies for criminal
investigation, traffic accident reconstruction and tactical support, emergency services
emergency site management in cases of natural and manmade disasters as well as search and
rescue, environmental monitoring, wildlife monitoring and enforcement, in inspection of
sensitive infrastructure including oil and gas pipelines, flare stacks, power lines,
communications towers, wind turbines, and surveying tasks such as precision agriculture,
mining, transportation, and forestry. Use of Draganflyer Systems for these emergency services,
inspection and surveying applications reduces the need to operate conventional aircraft,
providing data more safely, quickly, accurately, economically, and with reduced environmental
impact.

Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions
to ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned
UAS and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Draganfly anticipates that while it is filing this exemption request on its own behalf, its
customers, in the future, will file exemption applications to allow them to operate the Draganflyer
X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian in commercial operations at
their own locations, that require aerial data for law enforcement and emergency services or to
support, inspections and surveys. Wherever possible, those filings will be substantially similar to
this exemption application.

                                   Page 1 of 22
As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize Draganfly to perform
market research and commercial operations of aerial inspections and surveys using the
Draganfly Systems, all which are small in size less than 5.5 lbs and powered electrically by
battery. Draganflyer Systems will be operated under controlled conditions at low altitude in
airspace that is limited in scope, as described more fully herein; with automated control
features, as described below. Draganflyer Systems are designed to be operated by one person
but flight operations generally involve two people: an operator and an observer. The operator is
responsible for flying the sUAS, monitoring its status and flight dynamics while maintaining
visual line of sight, and keeping the flight within the specified factory limits (in terms of wind,
flight range, battery life, etc) to ensure safe operation of the sUAS itself. The observer is
responsible for monitoring the airspace for other UAS and hazards and instructing the operator
before and during flight as necessary to ensure safe separation to avoid any interference with
these UAS and hazards. The operator also will be an individual who has passed an FAA
approved or equivalent ground training exam and authorized Draganfly training program for the
Draganflyer X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian. Finally, the
airspace in which the Draganflyer Systems will operate will be disclosed to and approved, as
needed, by the FAA in advance.

Draganfly respectfully submits that because Draganfly systems will be used at very low
altitudes, in lieu of having the same comparatively hazardous operations conducted by
conventional fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that the
operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such UAS systems in the national airspace system."

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in
the public interest.

                                                                   Page 2 of 22
                     THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Draganfly submits that granting of this exemption application for use of Draganflyer Systems in
market research, surveying, mapping and inspection operations will advance the Congressional
mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of sUASs into the
national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary
of Transportation to consider whether certain sUASs may operate safely in the NAS before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of sUASs do not create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the
following:

           The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
           Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
           Operation of the sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation
of such UAS in the national airspace system." /d. 333(c) (emphasis added).1

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil UAS, as the term is defined under
401 01 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil UAS must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate UAS in commercial
service:

           The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
          prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 4470244716
          of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.

49 U.S.C. 44701 (f). See also 49 USC 44711 (a); 49 USC 44704; 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1).

Granting of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning to
sUASs for aerial surveying, mapping and inspection applications. Accordingly, the applicant
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

             Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications
for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein require
modification in order to allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of the sUAS. Draganfly welcomes
the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any issues or concerns that this proposal may raise that
they believe may require modification.

                                                             Page 3 of 22
Airworthiness of the Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer
Guardian

The exemption application includes a critical element, evidence of the airworthiness of
Draganfly's sUAS including the Draganflyer X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and
Draganflyer Guardian. Draganfly believes that it has shown compliance through a history of
granted flight operations and successful flights including many operations with public agencies.
The list of granted applicants includes but is not limited to: Mesa County Sheriff's Office, Grand
Forks Sheriff's Department, Mobile County Emergency Management Agency, Canyon County
Sheriff, Illinois State Police, Orange County Sheriff's Office, University of North Dakota, North
Western Michigan College, Texas A & M, Northern Plains UAS Test Site. In Canada, Draganfly
has been operating the noted systems since 2008 under the authority of Special Flight
Operations Certificates issued by Transport Canada in, the Prairie North, Ontario and Pacific
Regions. In addition our Draganfly Systems are being operated under the authority of Transport
Canada -Special Flight Operations Certificates issued to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police at
21 locations, the Ontario Provincial Police(4 locations), Saskatoon Police Service, Prince Albert
Police Service as well as a number of universities and other civilian businesses across Canada,
to perform demonstration, research and development, public and commercial operations.
Draganfly Systems are also being operated in an addition 48 other countries for applications
ranging from emergency services to industrial inspections. The criteria set forth in the Order
specify the substantive showings of the device's safety and fitness for operation to ensure that
the FAA has sufficient basis to evaluate the UAS's safety3. Draganfly Systems also have a
significant set of automated features to ensure safe takeoff, flight and landing in many
conditions, further details of operation can be found in Appendix B.

Mandatory Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to Draganfly will be subject to the following mandatory conditions, which
are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of sUAS by public entities pursuant
to Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions:

           All operations to occur in Class G airspace.
           Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow on
          VFR charts.
           Operations to be conducted over private or controlled access property.
           Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
           Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
           UAS to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).
           Operations to occur during daylight hours.
           Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet.
           All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from
          centerline azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds.
           Operator will file a NOTAM for each flight.
           All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
          city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, or other appropriate governmental
          agencies.
           All operations will include one pilot for flight control and one observer for VLOS
          enhancement of surrounding area near the UAS

                                                             Page 4 of 22
Operator Requirements

Draganfly respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular sUAS being operated. Draganflyer Systems provide many built
in functional and safety features to assist the operator in safe and reliable operation.2

The Draganflyer Systems provide two semi-autonomous flight modes using a two joystick
configuration and video interface. The user directs the Draganflyer Systems in either a
Manuai/Aititude(Manual) hold mode or GPS Position Hold to the areas of interest maintaining
visual sight of the UAS at all times. Instrumentation indicating heading, bearing, altitude, climb
rate, horizontal speed, GPS position, battery level, data link, GPS accuracy are additional
navigation aids available to the pilot in control. Draganflyer Systems can be set for maximum
ceiling by the user when specified flight parameters are required. All flight operations are GPS
capable making the system easy to navigate, and the flight control system also employs a
variety of sensors including gyros, accelerometers, magnetometers, barometric pressure,
temperature, to ensure the high stability and reliability. Draganflyer Systems have the ability to
operate in both GPS mode and in GPS deprived environments and are easily switch between
modes when required. Draganflyer Systems have battery level indicators allowing the pilot to
monitor battery energy levels with built in warnings indicating low battery and critical battery
levels where the helicopter will begin an auto descent at a defined safe rate. In addition
Draganflyer Systems have a "Return Home" capability for a command to return to the point of
take-off, Return Home at loss of Data Link or Communications and a default Auto-land at its
present position. At all times during flight operations, the operator can take immediate control of
the system. Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the
Draganflyer Systems include:

           Automated pre-flight system calibration checks
           Automated condition or fault detection, warnings, and predefined responses to a
          number of flight and system conditions.

                    o Low battery with control or flight system
                    o High temperature or other system safety thresholds
                    o Lost link communication
           Predefined responses include behavior such as return to home position and hover,
          return to home position and land, or land in current position
           In the case of lost GPS, a manual user flight mode is enabled which allows the
          operator to provide manual navigation inputs to assist in operating the UAS.

Given these safety features, Draganfly proposes that operators of Draganflyer Systems should
not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be
required to:

           have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction and
          passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA recognized equivalents
          including commercial or private license and ground school issued from an ICAO
          recognized country;
           have completed Draganfly authorized training program for operation and maintenance
          of the sUAS.

2 Submitted under confidentiality the following documents in support of this exemption application for the Draganfly X4P,
Draganflyer X4ES,Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian Training Overview (Exhibit 1) and User Guides (Exhibit 2) which
includes Safety and PreFlight Checklists. It is estimated that since Oct 2008, Draganfly staff will have log in excess of 4,000 flight
hours and in addition over 300 customers world-wide will have performed thousands more of flights and logging over thousands of
hours of flight time with the Draganflyer systems with both development and release versions. A significant amount of flight time
collected to understand and refine Draganfly's UAS products.

                                                           Page 5 of 22
I
I~

                     Draganfly notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by
                     operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs when the
                    mandatory operating conditions specified above were present. See Federal Aviation
                     Administration, Notice N8900.227, Unmanned UAS Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
                     2021 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority to grant exemptions to the
                     requirements for and privileges associated with the grant of airmen's certificates. 49 USC
                     44701 (f).

                     In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix C to
                     allow market research and commercial operations of a small unmanned vehicle in surveying,
                     mapping and inspection operations.

                     Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of Draganflyer Systems for
                     emergency services, law enforcement requirements, surveying, mapping and inspection
                     operations will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial survey and inspection
                     operations using manned UAS involve very heavy aerial vehicles carrying significant quantities
                     of combustible fuels, and a multi-person crew in piloting and observation roles. These
                     operations require transit to and from the location of the activity, and often take place in
                     congested environments including proximity to physical obstacles and/or presence of the
                     general public. By contrast, Draganflyer systems all weigh less than 5.5 lbs including payloads
                     and use a battery for power, is carried to/from the area of activity, removes the need for airborne
                     pilots/observers, and poses less risk to people and infrastructure on the ground.

                     Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions. Given
                     the size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
                     explosives or other dangerous materials, Draganflyer systems pose no threat to national
                     security.

                     Operation of Draganflyer systems for market research, emergency services, law enforcement
                     requirements surveying, mapping and inspection operations in accordance with the strict
                     conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
                     exemptions requested herein, including exempting Draganfly from the requirements of Part 21.

                     The name and address of the applicant are:

                     Draganfly Innovations Inc.
                     Attn: Zenon Dragan
                     Ph: 306-955-9907
                     Fax: 306-955-9906
                     Email: zenon.dragan@draganfly.com
                     Address: 2108 St. George Ave
                     Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada S7M OK?

                     The primary contact for this application is:
                     Kevin Lauscher, kevin.lauscher@draganfly.com, 306-955-9907 ext 6111

                                                                                          Page 6 of 22
Draganfly Innovation Inc. believes satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the
Reform Act- given Draganflyer Systems size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, lack of
operational proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line of sight, and
lack of threat to national security as well as showing of an equivalent level of safety as it may
relate to the requirement for a pilot's license, provide more than adequate justification for the
granting of the requested exemptions thus allowing Draganfly commercial operation of
Draganflyer Systems in market research, surveying, mapping and inspection operations in the
United States of America.
Respectfully submitted,

  ~Dr-

Zenon Dragan
Draganfly Innovations Inc.

                                                           Page 7 of 22
APPENDIX A
     EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER
                               APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Draganfly requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES,
Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR  91.203(a)(1)

Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil UAS to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the
UAS (5.51bs.) and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to
go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or
exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,
upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
and populated areas of the sUAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the Draganflyer systems operated
without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as
safe, or safer, than a conventional UAS (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness
certificate. Draganflyer Systems weigh less than 5.5 lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot or
passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area pre-
disclosed and in compliance with conditions set forth herein. Operations under this exemption
will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the conditions set forth
above, and by local public safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all
operations through the filing of NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior permission of the land owner, the
size of the UAS, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that the UAS is carried to the location
and not flown there all establish the equivalent level of safety. Draganflyer Systems provide at
least an equivalent, level of safety3 to that of such operations being conducted with conventional
aircraft that would be orders of magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers, cargo, and
flammable fuel. The automated safety features including redundant sensor systems as
described in Appendix B and throughout this document highlight the design intentions towards
safety and reliability of Draganflyer Systems.

3 Transport Canada has issued a report referencing sUAS that states "This class of RPA is defined by the maximum kinetic energy
they possess and the maximum energy per unit area that they can impose on a human being. These RPA were defined as "Low
Energy RPA". This conclusion was based on a variety of information sources such as range safety guides and design guidelines for
non-lethal weapons. It also noted that such aircraft, by their very design, have relatively short range and endurance. This coupled
with their low mass, makes them extremely unlikely to pose a threat to manned aviation."

                                                             Page 8 of 22
14 C.F.R.  45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft

Regulation 45.23 provides:
          (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
          Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration
          number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a
          Roman capital letter.
          (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
          displayed on limited, restricted or light sport category aircraft or experimental or
          provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
          entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches no more
          than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light sport," "experimental," or
          "provisional," as applicable.

Regulation 91.9(c) provides:
          No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
          accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

Draganflyer Systems have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the
markings can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two inch lettering will be impossible.
Official marking systems for small UAS have not yet been established for operations inside the
NAS. Draganflyer systems are currently marked with a fixed label measuring 1.8" x 0.4"
containing Draganfly's logo as well as a Draganfly serial number located on the airframe deck
plate next to the flight battery insertion point. Draganfly is prepared to mark the inspection
system with the name of the organization and location or origin and fulfill any other request by
the FAA to this topic in accordance to 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working
with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation, see Exemption Nos. 8738,
10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 C.F.R.  61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, Draganflyer systems in this case are
remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a)
requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire.

Draganfly respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular sUAS. Due to Draganflyer Systems small size, endurance,
range and payload capabilities, no passengers and no cargo would ever be carried. Commercial
operations would be strictly limited to acquiring imaging data.

Draganflyer systems have an all-digital software platform with advanced features previously
restricted to full size unmanned UAS. Automated features and advanced controls enable safe,
reliable operation.

                                                                  Page 9 of 22
Draganfly Innovations considers flight safety a priority, no matter the operating environment or
project. When flown within the designed limitations, Draganflyer Systems offer superior safety
over manned UAS by removing the need for people to be onboard in potentially dangerous
situations. With multiple built-in safety features, the Draganfly platform is designed with safety in
mind.

           Draganflyer Systems automatically detects potential issues with configurable
          automated response behavior such as a return home and land routine
           Draganflyer Systems system self-calibrate all of its sensors and performs self-tests
          prior to takeoff to check for errors
           Draganflyer Systems Altitude limits. The Pilot in Command has the ability to set up
          maximum altitude limits to prevent climbing to altitudes where normal manned aviation
          takes place in Class G airspace
           Draganflyer Systems display battery voltage and flight time at all times
           Low battery on the Draganfly systems triggers a warning alarm to return home, land
          and replace the battery
           Critical battery on the Draganfly system initiates an automatic controlled descent and
          landing.
           If the Draganfly detects a lost link to the control system the vehicle will perform its
          predefined Return to Home and Land or Auto land at the location it is currently at .
           Auto detection of lost GPS warning the pilot to switch back to manual mode.

Given these safety features, Draganfly proposes that operators of Draganflyer Systems should
not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be
required to:

           have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction and
          passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA recognized equivalents
          including ICAO issued commercial, private license and ground school;
           have completed Draganfly's training program for operation of the sUAS.

Draganfly notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by
operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where the
mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation
Administration, Notice N8900.227, Unmanned UAS Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
2021 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.44701(f) to
waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by allowing
operation of Draganflyer Systems without a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's
certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.

The risks associated with the operation of the Draganflyer systems (given their size, speed,
operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with
conventional UAS (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the sUAS as set forth
above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R.  61.113(a) & (b)
and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the UAS under
61.133(a).

                                                          Page 10 of22
I,
I

                    14 C.F.R.  91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

                     This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
                     condition.
                     Currently no standard exists for airworthiness of a sUAS such as Draganflyer Systems. Given
                     the size of the UAS and the previous COAs issued for Draganfly's Draganflyer X6, Draganflyer
                     X4ES, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the Draganfly
                     manuals prior to each flight.

                   14 C.F.R.  91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

                     The regulation provides:
                                No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft ...

                                (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by 21.5 of this
                               chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
                                Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
                               thereof.

                     Given the size and configuration of Draganflyer systems there is no ability or place to carry such
                     a flight manual on the UAS, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no
                     room or capacity to carry such an item on the UAS.

                    The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual (see, e.g., User
                     Guide, Exhibit 1) at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate
                     access to it. The FAA has issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation:
                     Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827,
                     and 10700.

                     14 C.F.R.  91.103: Preflight action

                     This regulation requires;
                                Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all available
                                information concerning that flight. This information must include-

                                a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and forecasts,
                                fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot be completed, and any known
                                traffic delays of which the pilot in command has been advised by ATC;

                                (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following takeoff and landing
                                distance information:

                                (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff
                                and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein;
                                and

                                                                                  Page 11 of22
           (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other reliable
           information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected values of
           airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

As operations will not take place under IFR nor will they take place at airports and as FAA
approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the Draganflyer Systems
User Manuals (exhibit 1) under the 'Helicopter preflight' section. The pilot in command will take
all actions including reviewing weather, potential hazards in and near landing and take-off
areas as well as in the general flight area, Dragnflyer systems flight communications check and
UAS performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R.  91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction
These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.
The Draganflyer systems are remotely piloted UAS and by design, do not have fully functional
dual controls4. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control station that
communicates with the UAS via radio communications. The flight plan is controlled manually in
either manual mode or using GPS Positions Hold capabilities. If instruction is accomplished
through a training program, as set forth in Exhibit 1, an equivalent level of safety will be assured.
The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a
number of UAS and for flight instruction in experimental UAS. See Exemption Nos. 5778K &
9862A. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the manufacturer providing the training
as outlined, and through the use of experienced and qualified pilots familiar with the Draganfly
X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian.

4 Dragnflyer Flight Controls can be paired for training or payload operator purpose as a Primary and Secondary Control
system with the Primary Operator required to maintain pressure on a training button to allow flight controls.

                                                            Page 12 of 22
14 CFR  91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil UAS. Specifically, 91.119(c) limits
UAS flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the UAS may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, Draganflyer Systems will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL and be
operated in a manner to avoid congested or populated areas.
Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at relatively low
altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is
needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which Draganflyer Systems are built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the
land owner or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all
affected individuals will be aware of the flights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted
with traditional manned aircraft weighing far more than 5.5 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any
risk associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low altitude operations of
the sUAS will maintain separation between these sUAS operations and the operations of
conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R.  91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The Draganflyer Systems batteries provide approximately 10 - 20 minutes of powered flight
dependent on the model. Without an exemption from  14 CFR 91.151, the sUAS's flights would
not be possible. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those
proposed operations, a shorter time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

Draganfly believes that an exemption from 14 CFR  91.151 (a) is safe and within the scope of a
prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate

without compliance with 91.151 (a)). Operating the sUAS, without 30 minutes of reserve fuel
does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151 (a) was meant to prevent given the size
and speed at which the sUAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also
enhances its safety. In the unlikely event that the Draganflyer should run out of fuel, it would
simply land (an auto-land function is initiated upon critical battery warning). Given its weight and
construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

Draganfly believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 5 minutes
of reserve fuel, which, would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing
zone from anywhere in its operating area given that the systems are designed to be flown within
direct unaided visual sight of the operator. For most operators this will be within 300 yards of
the operator.

                                                          Page 13 of 22
The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673
and 10808.

14 C.F.R.  91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:
                    (a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and
                    current airworthiness certificate.
                    (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                    required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                    under 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                    passengers or crew.

Draganflyer Systems fully loaded weighs approximately 5.5 lbs or less. As such, there is no
ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS.
In addition, there is no pilot on board the UAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos.9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R.  91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter ..." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section
91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certificate.
Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance
work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots
and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

The Draganflyer systems are nearly maintenance free with the only moving parts on the flight
airframe during operations are 2 ceramic bearings per motors. The motors are direct drive
brushless motors. Checks done of the system will be performed by a qualified person prior to
each flight and at predefined intervals as part of the Maintenance Schedule in the User Manual
(see Exhibit 2).

Preflight checklist includes:
          1.Visual inspection of the airframe
          2.Visual inspections of rotor integrity
          3.Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater station)

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size, will carry only a
light weight camera system payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is
not a complex mechanical devise. As provided in the attached User Guide (System
Maintenance section), the operator of the Draganflyer System will ensure that the sUAS is in
working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any

                                                            Page 14 of22
maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the UAS
and is best suited to maintain the UAS in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent
level of safety.
The Draganflyer Systems' Maintenance guidelines ensure an equivalent level of safety to the
maintenance requirements in Part 91.

                                                                 Page 15 of 22
I
! ')

                    APPENDIX 8

                    SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION

                    Draganfly Corporate Overview: Draganfly Innovations Inc. is a Canadian company located in
                     Saskatoon Saskatchewan, Canada. Draganfly is focused on providing micro unmanned aerial
                     systems and is globally recognized as one of the market and technology leaders in this space.
                     Key customers range from organizations such as Mesa County Sheriff's Office, Grand Forks
                     Sheriff's Department, Mobile County Emergency Management Agency, Canyon County Sheriff,
                     Illinois State Police, Orange County Sheriff's Office, University of North Dakota, North Western
                     Michigan College, Texas A & M, Northern Plains UAS Test Site. In Canada, Draganfly
                     Innovations has been operating the noted systems since 2008 under the authority of Special
                     Flight Operations Certificates issued by Transport Canada in, the Prairie North, Ontario and
                     Pacific Regions. In addition our Draganfly systems are being operated under the authority of
                    Transport Canada -Special Flight Operations Certificates by the Royal Canadian Mounted
                     Police at 17 locations, the Ontario Provincial Police (4 locations), Saskatoon Police Service,
                     Prince Albert Police Service as well as a number of universities and other civilian businesses
                     across Canada, Draganfly systems have accumulated thousands of hours in global flight
                     operations.

                     Draganfly systems have been approved by the FAA for operational COAs and have a
                     demonstrated safety track record. The Draganflys UAS platforms were the first to officially fly at
                     the first operational the FAA's UAS Test Sites (Northern Plains UAS Test Site, North Dakota).
                     Many customers from emergency services, to education to police and even commercial
                     operations for industrial inspections have been given approval to fly in US, Canada, UK,
                    Australia, Japan, and others airspaces.

                    Draganfly Systems Overview:

                     The Draganflyer X4P and Dragnflyer X4ES systems can carry payloads up to 1.8 lbs. The
                     Draganflyer X6 can carry payloads up to 0.741bs. The Draganflyer Guardian can carry a
                     payload of 0.9 lbs. The Draganfly systems fly with a maximum wind threshold of 30 M.P.H. for
                     sustained winds and wind gusts up to 35 M.P.H. Draganflyers' system each have 11 sensors on
                     board the UAS including 3 gyros, 3 magnetometers, 3 accelerometers, a barometric pressure
                     sensor and GPS module automatically. This sensor package provides for default flight of level
                     flight and does not allow the UAS to go beyond a 38 degree angle. This takes the difficult
                     portion out of flying, the operator is only steering the UAS and adjusting its altitude. While in
                     GPS mode the helicopter compensates for wind at the altitude the system is flying. The end
                     result is a system capable of gathering high quality aerial data at much higher wind thresholds.
                     A trait that is imperative for many aerial inspection operations. While GPS Position Hold is
                     available the UAS does not rely on it for operations. When an operator finds themselves in a
                     situation where GPS is either not available or has degraded, safe operations can still be carried
                     out.

                     While the Draganfly Systems have an operational range of over Y2 a miles, the systems are
                     designed to be flown within direct visual sight of the operator at all times. Dependent on a
                     person visual acuity most operation would take place within 300 yards of the operator.

                          s Control transmission signal is rated for in excess of% mile, however battery flight endurance limits require the
                          operator to restrict maximum distance to ensure safe return of the sUAS.

                                                                                Page 16 of22
All flight operations take place as a result of direct input of the pilot in control. Flight adjustments
are made based on a two joystick control system which allows for very precise movements and
makes it extremely easy to navigate in either Manual or GPS Position Hold. When in Manual
flight altitude is maintained based on barometric pressure and can be easily adjusted by the
pilot in control using the left joystick. In GPS Position Hold mode, if the operator is not explicitly
commanding the system to move, the system automatically holds its GPS position. Camera
stability is further enhanced by a 2 axis brushless mount to ensure the most stability and least
amount of vibration regardless of the wind.

The Draganflyer Systems have the option to be operated in both semi and fully autonomous
flight modes. Using Draganfly Preflight planning software, preplanned flight paths can be
uploaded to the helicopter prior to take off and after a controlled take off the pilot can command
the preprogramed flight path to be executed. At any time during the autonomous flight the pilot
can immediately provide inputs to abort the autonomous flight and take over the flight system.

With the ability to fly in both Manual Mode and GPS Position Hold as well as in a GPS deprived
environment makes the Draganflyer systems the safest choice for both urban and nonurban
environments. Draganflyer systems detect a loss of GPS and warn the Pilot in Control of the
status. Other faults that can be detected include: loss of communication and low battery levels.
In addition, the operator can create maximum flight altitudes so the system cannot go above a
pre-set maximum altitude.

The Draganflyer systems are operated entirely by visual based navigation with the operator
maintaining direct sight of the SUAS at all times. This means the operator can fly in very
technically challenging areas and does not rely on maps or GPS or an internet connection for
operations.

Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Dragnflyer X6 and Draganflyer Guardian Operating
Manual System user manuals available upon request.

Physical Characteristics

          Draganflyer X4P and Draganflyer X4ES
                    Dimensions:
                              -Width: 87cm (34.25in)
                              -Length: 87cm (34.25in)
                              -Top Diameter: 107cm (42in)
                              -Height: 30cm (12in)
                    Weight and payload:
                              - Helicopter weight w/battery: 1,670g (3. 71bs)
                              - Payload capacity: 800g (1.81bs)
                              - Max take-off weight: 2,470g (5.41bs)
                    Flight characteristics:
                              - Max climb rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                              - Max descent rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                              - Max turn rate: 90 degrees/sec
                              - Approx max air speed: 50km/h (30m ph)
                              - Minimum air speed: Okm/h (Om ph)
                              - Launch type: VTOL

                                                                  Page 17 of 22
                    - Max altitude ASL 2,438m (8,000ft)
                    - Approx sound at 1 meter distance: 72db
                    - Approx sound at 3 meters distance: 62db

          Fuel - 5400 mAh Lithium polymer battery. Charging is done in the included
          battery charger and can be charged via standard wall outlet, or via a 12 volt de
          source.

Draganflyer X6
          Dimensions:
                    -Width: 84cm (33in)
                    - Length: 90cm (35.5in)
                    -Top Diameter: 99cm (39in)
                    - Height: 26.5cm (1 0.5in)
          Weight and payload:
                    - Helicopter weight w/battery & WiFi: 1,31 Og (2.81bs)
                    -Payload capacity: 335g (.741bs)
                    - Max take-off weight: 1,645g (3.61bs)
          Flight characteristics:
                    -Max climb rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                    - Max descent rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                    - Max turn rate: 90 degrees/sec
                    - Approx max air speed: 50km/h (30mph)
                    - Minimum air speed: Okm/h (Om ph)
                    - Launch type: VTOL
                    - Max altitude ASL 2,438m (8,000ft)
                    - Approx sound at 1 meter distance: 72db
                    - Approx sound at 3 meters distance: 62db
          Fuel - 2700 mAh Lithium polymer battery. Charging is done in the included
          battery charger and can be charged via standard wall outlet, or via a 12 volt de
          source.

Draganflyer Guardian
          Dimensions:
                    -Width: 59.5cm (23.5in)
                    - Length: 59.5cm (23.5in)
                    -Top Diameter: 72.5cm (28.5in)
                    - Height: 25.5cm (1 Oin)
                    Weight and payload:
                    - Helicopter weight w/battery: 1050g (2.31bs)
                    -Payload capacity: 420g (.91bs)
                    - Max take-off weight: 1,470g (3.21bs)

          Flight characteristics:
                     - Max climb rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                     -Max descent rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
                     -Max turn rate: 90 degrees/sec
                     - Approx max air speed: 50km/h (30m ph)
                     - Minimum air speed: Okm/h (Omph)
                     - Launch type: VTOL

                                                 Page 18 of 22
                               -Max altitude ASL 2,438m (8,000ft)
                               - Approx sound at 1 meter distance: 62db
                               - Approx sound at 3 meters distance: 50db

                    Fuel- 2700 mAh Lithium polymer battery. Charging is done in the included
                    battery charger and can be charged via standard wall outlet, or via a 12 volt de
                    source.

Landing style/type -Autonomous vertical lift

Propulsion System
           Engines- The Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer Guardian are powered
          by 4 electric direct drive brushless DC motors. The Dragnflyer X6 is powered by 6
          electric direct drive brushless DC motors.
           Batteries - Lithium polymer batteries. Charge level status from the battery on the
          helicopter is continually monitored and real time levels are displayed on the control
          system used by the Pilot in Control. Predefined voltage levels indicating; Low Battery
          Warning - (Low battery land immediately) warning alarm both visual and audible are
          provided to the Pilot.
          Critical Battery Warning - (Critical battery land immediately) warning alarm both visual
          and audible are provided to the Pilot, in addition the helicopter will begin an auto descent
          and land at a controlled rate. At any time during the battery warnings full control of the
          helicopter is maintained. Ignoring the critical battery warning and overriding the descent
          feature could result in a critical flight system failure. Charging is done with the included
          battery charger and can be charged via standard wall outlet, or via a 12 volt DC source.

Maintenance -The UAS are nearly maintenance free, the airframe has very few moving parts
only 2 ceramic bearing per motor. Maintenance consists of inspections and verification of
communications performed by a qualified person prior to each flight.

          Preflight checklist includes but is not limited to:
                     Visual inspection of the airframe including; side arms, landing gear, rotors,
                    motors, canopy
                     Visual inspections of rotor integrity
                     All payload system connections and components
                     Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, control system, video repeater
                    station)

Reliability- The system is designed for maximum reliability and to maintain performance over
its life. The only components experience routine wear are rotors, batteries, motors, and legs.
Battery and motor conditions are monitored by the system with deviations reported to the
operator.

Contact with other objects during flight may cause other components, particularly rotors, and
motor arms, to become damaged and may cause a flight system failure. Damaged components
are likely to be detected during the full visual inspection of the airframe performed before each
flight.

                                                           Page 19 of 22
\'

               The UAV system detects numerous conditions which may make flying unsafe, such as reduced
               GPS accuracy, magnetic anomalies, low battery charge, battery cell imbalances, and
               temperature fluctuations. Degradation or loss of communications(Data Link) between the
               helicopter may initiate a failsafe action of Return to Home, where the helicopter would return to
               its point of take-off at its current altitude and then land or an Auto-land where the helicopter will
               descend at a controlled rate at its current position. For the failsafe action of Return Home the
               UAS must be in GPS Position hold, if not in GPS Position Hold the UAS will default to Auto-
               land. In the event during a Return to Home initiation the helicopter senses a low battery the
               helicopter will default to the Auto-land process.

              Command and Control Systems
               The Draganflyer Control station allows the operator simultaneous control over UAS and
               payloads. The joysticks control allows for quick navigation while the display screen provides all
               essential flight data to the Pilot in Command. Telemetry data is transmitted to the command
               station at least once per second.

              Displayed on GCS:
                          UAS Barometric Altitude
                          UAS Bearing
                          UAS Heading
                          UAS Ground Speed
                          UAS Climb Rate
                          Flight Time
                          Data Link
                          UAS Position
                          GPS Satellite number of Satellites
                          GPS Satellite POOP
                          GPS Satellite Errors
                          Control system battery level
                          Helicopter battery level
                          Helicopter attitude
                          Flight Time
                          Local Time
                          UAS Failsafe Action
                          UAS Status

              Onboard Flight Instruments- The UAV is equipped with an Inertial Navigation System (3 axis
               gyroscope, 3 axis magnetometer, 3 axis accelerometers, GPS receiver, barometric pressure
               sensor and GPS module.

               On-board computer systems -The UAS is equipped on board computer systems to monitor
               (sensors, battery, etc.), control (speeds, altitude, position, etc.), and communicate (control,
               telemetry, etc.).

               Onboard guidance and navigation equipment- The UAS can operate semi autonomously or
               autonomously; before autonomous flight is allowed to be executed the Pilot in Command must
               initiate and complete the takeoff sequence then place the helicopter in GPS Mode. In the event
               GPS satellite coverage is not sufficient or degrades, the Pilot in Command can immediately take
               control with Manual flight.

                                                                         Page 20 of 22
Frequency Allocations - 900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz

Flight termination link- to prevent a "fly away" or other potentially dangerous situation a flight
termination link is available to the operator at the control system.

Takeoff and Landing- The Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer
Guardian has vertical lift autonomous launch. For launch procedures the UAS will takeoff and
hover approximately 3-4 feet until further inputs are made by the Pilot in Command. Horizontal
position of the UAS is controlled by the Pilot in Command using the Right joystick.

Navigation System - Operation of the helicopter for navigational purposes is done by the pilot
keeping the helicopter in direct line of sight at all time. Autonomous flight (grid pattern and
points of interest) is available if a flight route has been uploaded to the UAS prior to takeoff.
Autonomous flight can only executed once the pilot is satisfied the helicopter is operating
correctly and the autonomous flight route is safe to execute. Once the autonomous route is
completed the pilot resumes control for continued flight or landing. At any time during the
autonomous flight the pilot is able to abort the process and resume control of the UAS.

Redundant Systems -The UAS combines the input from a multitude of sensors. Even though
the data from all sensors is required for optimal system performance, dependent on the sensor,
a single sensor malfunction is likely to result in degraded performance rather than leading to a
fatal response.

Emergency Procedures and System Failures

Sensor Failure- Failure of onboard flight instruments/sensors will degrade the UAS
performance and will result in either a fatal critical response or a non-fatal critical response,
depending on the nature and severity. If the UAS becomes unstable due to sensor failure, this
may result in loss of performance or features but still allow for stable Pilot in Command flight, an
automated landing or in extreme cases a fatal response.

Motor Failure- This will cause a fatal response in the UAS flight performance if one or more
motors fails.

Airframe Failure- Depending on the nature and severity, this may result in decreased flight
performance or a fatal response.

Navigation System Failure- In a navigation system failure, degraded GPS will result in a
response warning to the pilot where-by the system would be flown in manual mode. This will
result in degraded GPS position performance, manual Pilot in Command flight will not be
effected.

Power Failure -A complete battery failure which results in power loss to the UAS will result in
a fatal response.

Low Battery Condition - Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and will land the
UAS as soon as able.

Critical Battery Condition - Operator will be alerted of a Critical low battery condition and will
land the UAS as soon as able, the UAS will begin to descend at a controlled rate.

                                                        Page 21 of 22
Line of Sight Loss -All flight operations will be conducted with the UAS within visual sight of
the pilot. If the pilot's view becomes obstructed and line of sight is lost, the pilot may instruct the
UAS to hover in place until line of sight is re-established, to return to the takeoff position, or to
land at the current position.
Security
The system and communication links are encrypted by the manufacturer's proprietary software.

APPENDIXC
SUMMARY OF DRAGANFLYSECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST
Draganfly hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption application to allow
commercial operation of the Draganfly X4P, Draganflyer X4ES, Draganflyer X6 and Draganflyer
Guardian small unmanned systems in market research, precision aerial survey work, mapping
and inspections. An exemption is requested from the following regulations:
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).
20 of 20

                                                          Page 22 of22
