July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12190
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1852

Mr. Drew Van Duren
1365 Peacock Court
Templeton, CA 93465

Dear Mr. Van Duren:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography for real estate and aeronautical engineering operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Drew Van Duren is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Drew Van Duren is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                     May  8,  2015  

  

US.  Department  o  f  Transportation,  Docket  Operations  

West  Building  Ground  Floor,  Room  w12-140  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE  Washington,  DC  20590    

Subj:   Petition   for   Exemption   to   Operate   the   DJI   Phantom   2   Vision   Plus   Quad-Copter   Unmanned  
Aerial  System  for  Commercial  Aerial  Sensing  and  Data  Collection  Purposes    

Dear  Sir  or  Madam:    

The   purpose   of   this   letter   is   to   petition   the   Federal   Aviation   Administration   for   an   exemption  
from   certain   Federal   Aviation   Regulations   in   order   for   the   petitioner,   Drew   F.   Van   Duren,   to  
operate   an   Unmanned   Aerial   System   (UAS)   within   California   central   coast   region   (San   Luis  
Obispo,  Santa  Barbara  and  Monterey  Counties)  of  the  National  Airspace  System,  in  furtherance  
of   his   activities   as   a   building   (real   estate   and   engineering)   photographer   and   aeronautical  
engineer.   Mr.   Van   Duren   is   well   acquainted   with   the   risks   that   come   with   the   privilege   of  
operating   an   aircraft   in   the   United   States,   but   also   with   the   opportunities   available   via   new  
unmanned   flight   technology.   He   holds   a   Private   Pilot   Certificate   and   has   logged   180   hours   of  
flight  time  in  single-engine,  land-  rated  aircraft.  He  also  has  more  than  50  hours  of  logged  flight  
time   of   that   particular   unmanned   aircraft   that   is   the   subject   of   this   Petition.      He   also   holds   a  
degree  in  Aeronautical  Engineering,  has  extensive  knowledge  of  UAS  operations  and  has  directly  
supported   the   FAA   UAS   Integration   Office   in   the   development   of   robust   communications  
security  requirements  for  UAS  operations  in  the  National  Airspace  System.    As  an  aerial  sensing  
expert,   photographer   and   engineer,   the   petitioner   would   like   to   combine   the   benefits   of   an  
unmanned   aviation   platform   with   his   profession   to   further   the   opportunities   for   safe,   cost-
effective  aerial  imaging  services  for  the  public  at  large.    

Accordingly,   and   pursuant   to   14   CFR   §§   11.61-.103   and   Section   333   of   the   FAA   Modernization  
and   Reform   Act   of2012,   PL   112-95   (Feb.   14,   2012),   the   petitioner   is   submitting   the   following  
information  with  this  request:    

Identity  of  Petitioner.  

Petitioner:    

                             
Drew  Van  Duren  
1365  Peacock  Court  
Templeton,  CA  93465  
  
  
  
Description  of  Operations.  
  

          A.  The  UAS  that  is  the  Subject  of  this  Petition.    

Mr.  Van  Duren  is  the  owner  of  a  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision  Plus  Aerial  Kit  unmanned  aircraft  with  a  
serial   number   of   PH645488153   and   its   associated   portable   ground   station   controller   (together  
the  "Subject  UAS").  The  Subject  UAS  is  a  quad-copter  with  a  camera  mounted  beneath  it,  piloted  
via   a   portable   ground   station.   It   has   an   empty   weight   of   approximately   1,000   grams,   and   a  
maximum   weight   of   1,300   grams,   with   the   camera   and   3-axis   gimbal   mounted   as   payload.   The  
Phantom   2   is   a   widely   known   unmanned   aircraft,   and   is   the   same   type   of   aircraft   that   was  
recently   the   subject   of   the   grant   of   an   exemption   by   the   FAA.   See   In   re   Douglas   Trudeau,   FAA  
Exemption   No.   11138   (Jan.   5,   2015)   and   re   Daniel   Achatz,   FAA   Exemption   No.   11434   (Apr.   27,  
2015).    
  
The   portable   ground   station   used   by   Mr.   Van   Duren   to   pilot   the   unmanned   aircraft   is   a   two-
channel,  wireless  communication  device  using  an  FCC-compliant  5.8GHz  frequency  band  for  the  
video   link,   and   a   2.4   GHz   transmitted.   The   two   frequency   bands   interoperate   well   for  
simultaneous   vehicle   command   and   control   and   payload   operations.   The   Subject   UAS   is  
equipped   with   lost-link   capability,   which   enables   the   Phantom   2   to   enter   a   fail-safe   Return-to-
Home  Mode  in  the  event  that  the  link  fails  to  provide  command  authority.  
  
The   Subject   UAS   can   operate   for   a   total   of   approximately   20   minutes   on   one   battery   charge.   It  
has  a  maximum  range  from  the  ground  station  of  2,300  feet.  However,  it  also  has  programmable  
height  and  radius  limits  to  establish  an  operations  area.  Without  programming  the  Subject  UAS,  
it  has  a  default  height  limit  of  393  feet  AGL.    

            

          B.  The  UAS  Pilot  in  Command.    

Mr.  Van  Duren  began  flying  as  a  student  pilot  at  age  17  in  1990.  He  conducted  his  flight  training  
at  Hayward  air  terminal  in  the  San  Francisco  bay  area.  He  was  issued  his  private  pilot  certificate  
in   July   of   1990.   As   of   the   date   of   this   letter,   he   has   180   hours   of   accumulated   flight   time,   has  
obtained  basic  instrument  flight  and  aerobatics  training.    

Mr.   Van   Duren   has   never   been   subject   to   an   FAA   enforcement   action.   Nor   has   he   ever   been  
involved  with  an  aircraft  accident  or  incident.  

With   regard   to   the   Subject   UAS,   Mr.   Van   Duren   has   made   numerous   flights   as   a   hobbyist,   and  
has  accumulated  more  than  50  hours  of  flight  time  with  the  Subject  UAS.    He  has  thousands  of  
hours  of  hobby-related  flight  time  of  fixed  wing,  rotor  and  multi-rotor  Radio  Control  aircraft.  

In  addition,  Mr.  Van  Duren  is  a  graduate  in  aeronautical  engineering  from  California  Polytechnic  
State  University,  is  an  expert  in  aircraft  guidance,  navigation  and  control,  and  in  his  professional  
duties   has   performed   extensive   risk   modeling   and   development   of   secure,   cryptographic   UAS  
Command-and-Control   communications   requirements   for   the   FAA   UAS   Integration   Office   and  
RTCA.  

  

     C.  UAS  Operating  Parameters  and  Intended  Mission  Profile.    

Mr.   Van   Duren   is   a   engineering   entrepreneur   and   additionally   holds   a   California   Real   Estate  
license.      He   performs   a   variety   of   photographic   work,   video   production   and   remote   sensing  

research  and  development.    

The  majority  of  the  petitioner's  operations  will  be  conducted  in  and  around  the  central  coast  of  
California   supporting   the   agricultural   and   real   estate   industries.   He   intends   to   use   the   Subject  
UAS   to   conduct   aerial   photography   for   real   estate   brokers   and   agricultural   remote   sensing   for  

the  central  coast  and  central  valley  wine-growing  region.      

Most   operations   would   be   flown   in   the   southern   San   Francisco   (SSF)   Sectional   Chart   and  
northern   Los   Angeles   (SLA)   Sectional   chart.      The   operations   may   be   conducted   at   various  
locations  in  the  area  during  the  period  that  the  exemption  would  be  in  effect.    Due  to  the  wide  
geographic   range   of   intended   operations,   there   are   not   specific   locations   intended   for  

operation.  

Mr.  Van  Duren  would  adopt  with  the  following  UAS  Operating  Parameters:    

     #   Topic                                             Parameter  

1   Operating  Ceiling   All   missions   will   be   conducted   below   400'   AGL,   and   within   a   radius  

     and  Range       distance  of  800'  from  the  portable  ground  station.  

2   Mission           Each  mission  will  consist  of  one  flight  

     Definition  

3   Point  of  Origin   Mr.   Van   Duren   will   establish   a   fixed   location   (home   point)   where   he  

     and  Warnings   will  be  positioned  with  the  portable  ground  station,  and  where  he  will  

                        post   a   sign   near   the   ground   station   stating,   "Aerial   Photography   and  

                        Data  Collection  in  Progress-  Remain  Back  150  feet."  

4   Pilot-In-          Mr.  Van  Duren  will  act  as  the  pilot  in  command  and  will  have  direct  line  

     Command  &  Line   of  sight  visual  observation  of  the  aircraft  at  all  times,  and  operate  only  

     of  Sight        within  visual  line  of  sight.  He  will  conduct  all  operations  under  his  own  

     Operations        personal   and   flight   safety   protocols,   and   post   a   sign   near   his   control  

                        station.    

5   Proximity  to    In   terms   of   proximity   to   the   residence   or   structure   being  

     Structures        photographed,  Mr.  Van  Duren  may  operate  in  a  close  proximity  to  the  

                        structure,   and   in   some   cases   as   close   as   25'   away   from   the   structure.  

                        When   that   happens,   he   will   operate   at   less   than   two   miles   per   hour  

                        and   operate   parallel   flight   to   the   structure   walls,   making   the   risk   of  

                        collision  almost  negligible.  

6   Lost  Link       Prior   to   the   start   of   a   flight,   Mr.   Van   Duren   will   activate   and   use   the  

     Procedures        UAS's   global   positioning   system   flight   safety   procedure   and   lost-link  

                        function   settings   to   ensure   return   of   the   aircraft   in   the   event   of   a   lost  
                          link   or   compromised   or   degraded   communications   between   ground  

                          station  and  aircraft.    

7   Reserve  Flight   On  each  mission,  the  aircraft  will  return  to  the  control  pad  with  no  less  

     Time                than  five  5  minutes  of  battery  power  remaining.    

8   Typical  Flight    Each  mission  will  last  for  no  more  than  twenty  minutes  of  flight  time.    

     Time  

9   Controlled          In  the  event  that  any  mission  would  ever  occur  within  the  airspace  of  a  

     Airspace            specific   airport   (e.g.,   if   the   operation   will   involve   photographing   a  

     Operations  and   residence   or   performing   agricultural   scanning   located   in   class   D  

     Permissions         airspace)   or   controlled   airspace,   Mr.   Van   Duren   shall   obtain   the  

                          permission   of   that   control   tower   to   operate   in   that   airspace   or   from  

                          the  appropriate  control  authority.    

10   Controlled         In  the  event  that  any  mission  will  occur  within  five  miles  of  an  airport,  

     Airspace            Mr.   Van   Duren   shall   ensure   the   airport   is   notified   of   the   estimated  

     Operations  and   flight   time,   flight   duration,   elevation   of   flight,   and   pertinent  

     Permissions         information.    

11   Weather            Mr.   Van   Duren   will   conduct   all   flights   in   permissible   weather,   and  

                          during  hours  from  BMNT  to  EENT.    

12   Secure             Mr.   Van   Duren   will   enable   the   VPN   (Virtual   Private   Network)   function  

     Communications   to   establish   a   full   duplex,   encrypted   and   data-origin   authenticated  

                          between  the  subject  UAS  and  ground  station.    This  function  is  designed  
                          to   mitigate   the   potential   for   malicious   or   accidental   3rd   party  

                          commands  to  be  sent  to  the  subject  UAS.  

13   Visual  Observer     Mr.  Van  Duren  will  utilize  a  Visual  Observer  (VO)  to  assist  in  all  Visual  

                          Line   of   Sight   (VLOS)   operations.      The   VO   will   be   co-located   with   Mr.  

                          Van  Duren,  the  Pilot  in  Command.  

14   Flight  Operation   Mr.   Van   Duren   will   maintain   accessibility   of   all   Operating   documents  

     Documents           during  flight  operations.  

15   Maintenance  and   Following   maintenance   or   alterations   on   the   subject   UAS,   Mr.   Van  

     Alterations         Duren,  as  Pilot  in  Command,  will  perform  a  functional  flight  test  of  the  

                          vehicle.    Flight  tests  will  be  performed  with  the  VO  and  remain  at  least  

                          500  ft.  from  other  people.    

16   Aircraft  Identifier   Mr.  Van  Duren  will  operate  the  subject  aircraft  identified  by  its  serial  

     and  Markings      number  markings  (registered  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  47),  and  

                          have  identification  (N-Number)  markings  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  

                          part  45,  Subpart  C.    

  

     Specific  Sections  of14  CFR  From  Which  Petitioner  Seeks  an  Exemption.    

Mr.  Van  Duren  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  following  FARs:    

14  CFR  Part  21,  Subpart  H                               Certification  procedures  for  products  and  
                                                                    parts,  Airworthiness  Certificates  
14  CFR  Part  36    
14  CFR  §  45.23                                               Noise  standards:  Type  and  airworthiness  

                                                                    Display  of  marks;  general    
14  CFR  Part  61                      Certification:  Pilots,  flight  instructors,  and  
                                           ground  instructors  
14  CFR  §  91.7                       Civil  aircraft  airworthiness  
14  CFR  §  91.9                       Civil  aircraft  flight  manual,  marking,  and  
                                           placard  requirements    
14  CFR  §  91.103                     Preflight  action  
14  CFR  §  91.105                     Flight  crewmembers  at  stations  
14  CFR  §  91.109                     Flight  instruction  
14  CFR  §  91.119                     Minimum  safe  altitudes  
14  CFR  §  91.121                     Altimeter  settings  
14  CFR  §  91.151                    Fuel  requirements  for  flights  in  VFR  
                                           conditions    
14CFR§91.173                              ATC  clearance  and  flight  plan  in  IFR  
                                           conditions  
14  CFR  §  91.203                     Civil  aircraft:  Certifications  required    
14  CFR  §  91.207                     Emergency  locator  transmitters  
14  CFR  Part  91,  Subpart  E      Maintenance    

  

     The  Extent  of  Relief  Sought,  and  Reasons  for  Seeking  the  Exemption.    

14   CFR   Part   21,   Subpart   H.   Part   21   establishes   the   procedures   for   issuance   of   certificates   of  
airworthiness,   as   mandated   by   49   U.S.C.   §   44704.   Under   Section   333   and   49   U.S.C.   §   44701(b),  
the   FAA   may   exempt   aircraft   from   airworthiness   certification.   The   petitioner   requests   an  
exemption   from   the   requirements   of   this   Part   because   the   size,   weight,   speed,   operational  
capability  and  proximity  to  airports  in  which  the  Subject  UAS  pose  significantly  less  of  a  risk  that  
the  risks  posed  by  conventional  aircraft.  Manned  aircraft  pose  risks  to  the  life  and  safety  of  the  
crew;  that  is  not  a  consideration  with  the  Subject  UAS.  Risks  to  third  parties  are  also  minimized  
given   the   lightweight   and   slow   speed   at   which   the   Subject   UAS   would   operate.   Nor   are   there  
risks  of  fuel  spillage  or  fire  in  the  event  of  an  accident.  Thus  Mr.  Van  Duren     requests   that  
the  FAA  waive  the  requirement  that  the  Subject  UAS,  particularly  the  aircraft  portion,  require  an  

airworthiness  certificate.    

14   CFR   Part   36.   FAR   Part   36,   Subparts   A,   F   and   0,   establish   certain   noise   standards   for  
certification  of  various  aircraft  types.  Because  the  Subject  UAS  would  not  have  an  airworthiness  
certificate,   and   given   its   small   size   and   negligible   noise   impact,   the   petitioner   requests   an  

exemption  from  FAR  Part  36.    

14   CFR   §   45.23.   FAR   Part   45.23   establishes   marking   requirements   for   aircraft;   paragraph   (b)  
mandates  that  the  registration  number  be  displayed  in  letters  not  less  than  two  inches  in  height.  
The   Subject   UAS   is   small   enough   that   it   cannot   accommodate   the   type-size   requirement.  

Accordingly,  Mr.  Van  Duren  requests  an  exemption  from  this  part.    

14   CFR   Part   61.   FAR   Part   61   sets   forth   the   certification   requirements   for   pilots.  

SubpartEestablishestheprivilegesandlimitationsforholdersofaprivatepilotcertificate.                The  

petitioner   requests   an   exemption   that   would   allow   him   to   operate   the   Subject   UAS   for  
compensation  or  hire  as  part  of  his  aerial  photography  business  for  the  reasons  articulated  in  In  
re  Trudeau,  F  A  A  Exemption  No.  11138,  and  In  re  Astraeus,  F  A  A  Exemption  No.  11062.  Mr.  Van  
Duren   will   operate   the   Subject   UAS   over   property   where   the   owner   or   owner's   representative  
has   requested   that   the   operation   occur.   Furthermore,   as   a   holder   of   a   private   pilot   certificate,  
Mr.  Van  Duren  is  an  Airman  who  meets  the  knowledge  base  and  skill  level  for  operating  an  UAS.  
He   thus   requests   and   exemption   from   the   requirement   that   he   hold   a   commercial   pilot  
certificate  and  anything  other  than  a  Third  Class  Medical  certificate  or  valid  state-issued  driver's  
license.    

14   CFR   §   91.7.  Under  FAR  91.7,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  an  airworthy  
condition.  To  the  extent  that  "airworthy"  is  defined  as  requiring  an  airworthiness  certificate,  the  
petitioner   would   request   an   exemption   from   this   FAR   for   the   same   reasons   identified   in   his  
request   for   an   exemption   of   14   CFR   Part   21,   Subpart   H.   He   will   not,   however,   operate   the  
Subject  UAS  if  it  is  not  in  a  condition  for  safe  flight,  as  required  under  FAR  91.7(b).    

14CFR§91.9.  PetitionerrequestsexemptionfromtherequirementofFAR91.9,which  requires  that  all  
aircraft   have   certain   markings,   placards   and   on-board   flight   manuals   for   the   same   reasons   as  
stated   in   his   request   fro   exemption   under   14   CFR   Part   21,   Subpart   H,   and   for   a   deviation   from  
the  marking  requirements  of  14  CFR  Part  36,  Subparts  A,  F,  and  0.    

14  CFR  §  91.103.  FAR  91.103  mandates  certain  pre-flight  action.  Petitioner  will  take  all  necessary  
pre-flight  action,  but  requests  an  exemption  from  this  requirement  insofar  as  it  is  interpreted  as  
requiring   pre-flight   actions   appropriate   to   manned   aircraft   only   (e.g.,   that   flights   be   from   an  
airport,  etc.).    

14   CFR   §   91.105.   FAR   91.105   mandates   that   crewmembers   be   at   designated   stations,   have  
safety  belts  fastened,  etc.  Petitioner  would  be  at  a  designated  ground  station  for  each  mission,  
but  requests  an  exemption  to  accommodate  the  fact  that  the  Subject  UAS  is  unmanned.    

14   CFR   §   91.109.  This  FAR  requires  that  all  flight  instruction  be  conducted  in  aircraft  that  have  
dual   controls,   or   throw-over   controls,   with   an   instructor.   From   time   to   time   the   petitioner   will  
conduct   his   own   refresher   training,   but   requests   an   exemption   insofar   as   this   FAR   would   be  
interpreted  to  require  that  the  ground  control  station  have  a  second  controller  or  dual-  control  
capability.    

14   CFR   §   91.119.   FAR   91.119   sets   forth   the   minimum   safe   altitudes   over   various   areas.  
Petitioner   requests   an   exemption   from   this   this   FAR   in   order   to   accomplish   the   intended  
function  of  the  mission  for  which  he  seeks  an  exemption.    

14   CFR   §   91.121.   FAR   91.121   mandates   various   altimeter   settings   in   order   to   maintain   level  
flight.   Petitioner   requests   and   exemption   from   this   FAR   as   the   Subject   UAS   will   not   have   an  
altimeter   that   matches   the   requirements   of   this   FAR.   Operations   with   the   Subject   UAS   will,  
however,  maintain  altitude  below  the  300'  AGL  ceiling  by  the  petitioner  monitoring  the  altitude  
of   the   UAS   and   through   the   Subject   UAS's   ability   to   establish   a   flight   zone   that   cannot   exceed  
the  ceiling.    
14   CFR   §   91.151.   Petitioner   requests   an   exemption   from   the   VFR-flight   fuel   carrying  
requirements   because   the   Subject   UAS   will   operate   on   battery   power.   Operations   with   the  
Subject  UAS  will,  however,  maintain  a  five-minute  reserve  battery  time.    

19   CFR   §   91.173.   Petitioner   requests   an   exemption   from   the   IFR-clearance   requirement   for  
flights   into   controlled   airspace.   It   is   possible   Mr.   Van   Duren   may   operate   the   Subject   UAS   in  
conditions   that   are   IFR   within   controlled   airspace   (e.g.,   a   flight   on   a   day   with   less   than   three  
miles  visibility  in  a  neighborhood  that  falls  within  the  Class  D  airspace  of  KBFI).  He  would  request  
that,   after   contacting   ATC   for   the   controlled   airspace,   he   would   be   allowed   to   operate   in   what  
might   be   IFR   conditions,   but   where   he   still   has   complete   and   unfettered   line   of   sight   visibility  
with  the  Subject  UAS.    

14  CFR  §  91.203.  FAR  91.203  requires  that  a  civil  aircraft  have  an  airworthiness  certificate  and  a  
registration  certificate.  Mr.  Van  Duren  requests  that  he  be  exempt  from  complying  with  this  FAR  
insofar   as   it   mandates   issuance   of   an   airworthiness   certificate,   for   the   reasons   stated   in   his  
request  for  an  exemption  under  14  CFR  Part  21,  Subpart  H.    

14  CFR  §  91.207.  FAR  91.207  prohibits  operation  of  a  US-registered  aircraft  unless  it  is  equipped  
with  an  emergency  locator  transmitter.  Given  the  limited  distance  of  flights  of  the  Subject  UAS,  
Mr.  Van  Duren  requests  and  exemption  from  this  FAR.    

14  CFR  Part  91,  Subpart  E.  FAR  91,  Subpart  E  requires  that  owners  or  operators  of  aircraft  have  
the   aircraft   inspected   at   certain   intervals,   and   by   certain   mechanics.   Petitioner   requests   an  
exemption  from  this  Subpart  because  the  Subject  UAS  has  a  trouble-shooting  and  maintenance  
program   that   is   best   executed   by   the   owner/operator,   and   is   simply   different   from   the  
maintenance  of  manned  aircraft.  Petitioner  will,  however,  maintain  a  maintenance  log  and  any  
maintenance  records  of  repair  of  the  Subject  UAS.    

          Public  Interest  and  Benefit  Considerations.    

Aerial   imaging   services   generally   require   use   of   a   manned   platform.   Close-proximity   aerial  
photography   is   difficult   to   do,   and   usually   requires   the   use   of   a   helicopter   or   slow-moving  
aircraft   at   an   appropriate   distance   over   a   populated   area.   The   operation   must   be   conducted   in  
VFR  conditions,  and  adds  aircraft  in  congested  airspace.    

By   using   the   Subject   UAS,   Mr.   Van   Duren   aims   to   provide   the   public   with   quality   aerial  
photography   services   at   a   fraction   of   the   cost   involved   with   manned   flight.   Furthermore,   the  
risks   inherent   with   manned   flight   are   significantly   reduced   where   the   aircraft   conducting   the  
operation   is   less   than   five   pounds,   remains   below   300'   AGL,   and   can   operate   within   a   very  
confined   cylinder   on   or   directly   over   the   location   being   photographed.   Finally,   as   a   certificated  
airman,   he   has   the   knowledge   and   experience   to   conduct   a   safe,   efficient   flight   operation   in  
furtherance   of   his   primary   occupation.   Thus   the   public   will   be   better   served   by   having   more  
affordable  aerial  imaging  options  available,  and  through  an  operation  that  is  being  conducted  by  
an  FAA-certificated  airman.    

            
          Why  the  Exemptions  Would  Not  Adversely  Affect  Safety.    

The  proposed  operations  will  not  adversely  affect  safety  for  four  primary  reasons.    

First,   the   operations   will   be   conducted   in   airspace   where   there   is   typically   no   activity   among  
other  users  of  the  NAS.  Flights  are  limited  to  property  over  which  the  owner  has  requested  that  
the  Subject  UAS  operate,  so  the  owners  will  be  aware  of  the  flight  operation.  As  a  pilot  himself,  
Mr.  Van  Duren  fully  recognizes  the  dangers  that  a  small  UAS  could  pose  to  all  types  of  manned  
aircraft.   The   operations   he   is   proposing   to   undertake   pending   approval   of   this   Exemption  
Request   are   operations   where   manned   aircraft   will   not   fly.   There   would   be   a   rigid   separation  
between   where   a   manned   aircraft   can   fly   (particularly   due   to   FAR   91.119   which   establishes  
minimum  safe  altitudes,  to  include  an  absolute  prohibition  of  operating  an  aircraft  within  500'  of  
any  structure)  and  where  Mr.  Van  Duren  would  operate  the  UAS.    

Second,  the  Subject  UAS  is  simply  not  a  large  aircraft.  Weighing  in  at  a  maximum  of  five  pounds  
fully  loaded,  the  likelihood  that  it  would  damage  property  or  injure  a  person  is  not  low,  even  in  
the  event  of  a  mishap.  Furthermore,  aerial  imaging  is  still  something  done  via  manned  aircraft,  
and  the  risk  there  is  at  least  equal  to  the  risk  posed  by  the  proposed  operation.    

Third,  the  Subject  UAS  has  inherent  lost-link  capabilities  to  bring  it  back  to  its  operating  base  for  
each  mission.  It  is  a  redundant  system  for  a  more  foreseeable  problem  that  could  arise.    

Fourth,  the  Subject  UAS  will  be  operated  only  by  the  petitioner.  Mr.  Van  Duren  is  a  certificated  
pilot   with   sufficient   flight   time   and   experience   with   the   aircraft   to   conduct   a   reasonably   safe  
operation.    

          Language  for  Inclusion  in  the  Federal  Register.    

Mr.  Van  Duren  proposes  that  the  following  language  be  included  in  the  Federal  Register:    

          Petition  for  Exemption.    

          Federal  Aviation  Regulations  from  which  Petitioner  seeks  exemption:  14  CFR  14  CFR  Part  
          21,  Subpart  H;  Part  36;  §  45.23;  Part  61;  §§  91.  7;  91.9;  91.103;  91.105;  91.109;  91.119;  
          91.121;  91.151;  91.173;  91.203;  91.207;  and  14  CFR  Part  91,  Subpart  E.    

          Description   of   Relief   Sought:   The   petitioner   is   seeking   an   exemption   from   the   above-
          referenced   Federal   Aviation   Regulations   to   conduct   aerial   photography   and   data  
          collection  using  a  light,  unmanned  aerial  vehicle  for  real  estate  and  agricultural  sensing  
          purposes  in  the  California  central  coast  area.    

  

  

  
Conclusion.    

Mr.  Van  Duren  thanks  the  FAA  for  considering  his  request.  Please  contact  the  petitioner  should  
there  be  a  need  for  additional  information.    

Respectfully  Submitted,    

Drew  F.  Van  Duren    

  

Petitioner                       
Exhibit  A:    Components  of  the  Subject  UAS,  Nomenclature  and  Operating  Instructions  

The   following   list   identifies   components   of   the   subject   UAS   per   the   Phantom   2   Vision   Plus  
Operating   Manual   (current   version   is   V1.8,   dated   Jan.   2015)   and   additional,   extra   components  
procured  for  its  use.  

#   Item  ­  (Description)  

1   UAS  ­  Subject  UAS  possesses  an  integrated,  but  replaceable  gimbal  and  camera  
2   Propeller   Pairs   (4)   ­   All   are   self-tightening   ­   2   tighten   Clockwise,   2   tighten   Counter-

      Cockwise  
3   Micro-SD  Card  ­  Inserted  in  the  aircraft  Micro-SD  Slot  
4   Lens  Cap  ­  Lens  cover  for  integrated  HD  camera  
5   Gimbal  Clamp  ­  Attached  to  gimbal  to  prevent  pan/tilt  motions  when  not  flying  
6   Propeller  Wrench    
7   Remote   Control   ­   Includes   holder   for   Mobile   Device   and   WiFi   range   extender.      Remote  

      control  unit  possesses  self-contained,  rechargeable  batteries  
8   DJI   Smart   Flight   Battery   ­   Lithium-Ion   battery,   rechargeable   and   removable   from   the  

      aircraft  
9   Charger   ­   Charger   for   DJI   Smart   Flight   Battery.      Adaptive   to   110-240   Volt   input   charge  

      voltage.  
10   Power  Cables  ­  Cables  for  Charger  
11   Plug  Adapters  ­  Adapters  for  international  support  
12   Micro-USB  Cable  ­  Used  for  1)  Connecting  subject  UAS  to  computer  for  firmware  updates,  

      2)   Charging   range   extender,   and   3)   Connecting   to   Phantom   2   Vision   Plus   camera   payload  
      for  downloading  imagery.  
13   Manuals   ­   Includes:   Disclaimer,   Phantom   Pilot   Training   Guide,   Phantom   2   Vision   +   Quick  
      Start  Guide  and  Manual  
14   Stickers    
15   Anti-Drop  Kit      
16   Spare  Screws  ­  Motor  and  body  fastening  screws  
17   Landing  Pad  ­  Foam  mounts  to  cushion  the  landing  gear    
18   Propeller   Guards   -   (not   included   with   original   aircraft)   Add-on   propeller   guards   provide  
      extra  protection  to  rotating  propellers  in  the  event  of  an  external  object  or  ground  strike.    

  

  

  

  

  

Phantom  2  Vision  +  Operations  (per  Phantom  2  Vision  +  Quick  Start  Guide)  
The   following   instructions   are   from   the   subject   UAS   Quick   Start   Guide.      Explanatory  
details   may   be   found   in   the   latest   Phantom   2   Vision+   User   Manual.      Current   version   is  
1.8,  dated  January,  20151  which  is  consistent  with  the  latest  firmware  versions.  

     1. Start  
          · View  tutorials:    http://www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training  
          · Search   DJI   Vision*   in   the   App   Store   or   Google   Play.      Download,   then   launch   and  
               register  for  a  DJI  account.  
          · Ensure   the   Smart   Flight   Battery,   Range   Extender   and   Remote   Control   are   fully  
               charged  
          · Important:  For  SAFETY  reasons  please  watch  the  tutorials,  read  the  disclaimer  and  
               manuals  thoroughly  before  using  this  product  
                    o DJI  VISION  App  supports  the  Phantom  2  Vision  and  the  Phantom  2  Vision+.    
                         It  is  compatible  with  iOS  and  Android  devices  
                    o See   steps   3,   4,   5   for   checking   battery   levels.      Refer   to   user   manual   for  
                         charging.  
                           

     2. Preparing  Phantom  2  Vision  +  
          · Remove  the  gimbal  clamp,  the  lens  cap  and  the  four  warning  cards  from  motors  
          · Screw  the  propellers,  clockwise  for  grey  nuts  and  anti-clockwise  for  black  nuts,  onto  
               the   four   motors.      Be   sure   to   match   the   black   propeller   nuts   with   the   black   dot  
               motors  
          · Make  sure  your  Smart  Flight  Battery  and  Micro-SD  card  are  inserted  correctly  
          · Important:  Remove  gimbal  clamp  before  powering  on.  
                 

     3. Preparing  Remote  Control  
          · Twist  the  Mobile  Device  Holder  to  face  outwards  and  fix  in  position  
          · Be  sure  S1  and  S2  are  stitched  to  the  upper  most  position.    Push  the  Power  Switch  
               to   the   right   to   power   on   the   Remote   Control.      The   LED   will   go   green   if   the   Remote  
               Control  is  functioning.    The  Battery  Level  Indicators  display  the  current  battery  level.  
          · Important:   A   red   blinking   and   a   continuous   beeping   from   the   Remote   Control  
               indicate   LOW   BATTERY   VOLTAGE.      Recharge   the   Battery   when   there   is   only   one  
               LED  blinking.  
                 

     4. Powering  On  Smart  Flight  Battery  
          · Press   the   circular   power   button   once,   then   press   again   and   hold   for   2   seconds   to  
               power  on  the  Smart  Flight  Battery  
          · Rear  LED  Flight  Indicators  light  up  to  indicate  flight  status:  
                    o Slow  Green  Flashing.    Ready  to  Fly  (GPS)  
                    o Slow  Yellow  Flashing.    Ready  to  Fly  (Non-GPS)  
                    o Fast  yellow  flashing.    Remote  control  signal  lost.  
                    o Fast  red  flashing.    Smart  Flight  Battery  level  warning.  
          · Important:  
               1. Press  circular  power  button  once  to  check  battery  level  

                                                                                                                
1  http://download.dji-
innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_User_Manual_v1.8_en.pdf  
          2. Front  LEDs  light  up  until  motors  start  up  
          3. Refer  to  the  LED  Flight  Indicator  card  attached  or  user  manual  for  more  details  

                      
5. Powering  On  Range  Extender/Linking  Camera  

     · Toggle   power   switch   to   ON   position.      SYSTEM   Indicator   will   blink   green   to   show  
          normal  operation  

     · Enable   Wi-Fi   on   your   mobile   device   then   select   Phantom_XXXXXX   from   Wi-Fi  
          network  list.  

     · Tap  CAMERA  icon  in  the  DJI  VISION  App  for  a  live  camera  view  to  ensure  the  camera  
          is  linked,  then  clip  your  mobile  device  into  the  Mobile  Device  Holder  

     · Important:    
          1. If   the   POWER   indicator   is   red,   this   means   battery   level   is   low.      Charge   your  
               Range  Extender  by  Micro-USB  cable.  
          2. Only  if  both  Range  Extender  and  Smart  Flight  Battery  are  powered  on,  you  will  
               be  able  to  link  the  camera.  
                 

6. Calibrating  Compass  

     · Always  calibrate  compass  before  your  flight  
     · Step  1:  To  enter  calibration  mode,  flip  S1  switch  rapidly  from  top  to  bottom  5  times  

     · Step  2:  Hold  Phantom  horizontally  then  rotate  
     · Step  3:  Hold  aircraft  vertically  with  nose  pointing  to  the  ground,  rotate  360  degrees  

          around   the   center   axis   until   Rear   LED   Flight   indicators   resume   normal   blinking  
          patterns.  

     · If  rear  LED  Flight  Indicators  blink  red  and  yellow,  calibration  has  failed.    Re-calibrate  
          by  repeating  Step  1-3  until  normal  blinking  begins.  
            

7. Remote  Control  Settings  

     · The  Remote  Control  is  by  default  set  to  Mode  2  (left  hand  controls  throttle)  
     · Important:    You  can  use  PHANTOM  RC  Assistant  to  switch  it  to  Mode1  (right  hand  

          controls  throttle)  
            
8. Taking  off  (Outdoors)  

     · Place  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  on  flat  ground  in  an  open  space  with  Rear  LED  Flight  
          Indicators  facing  you.  

     · Power   on   the   Remote   Control,   the   Range   Extender   and   the   Smart   Flight   Battery  
          mounted   in   Phantom   2   Vision+.      Make   sure   that   the   DJI   VISION   App   is   working  
          properly.  

     · Start   motors   by   pulling   both   control   sticks   to   the   bottom   corners.      Release   sticks  
          once  motors  start.    

     · Wait  until  Rear  LED  Flight  Indicators  go  from  a  slow  yellow  blinking  to  a  slow  green,  
          indicating  GPS  locked.    

     · Slowly  push  the  left  (throttle)  stick  up  to  take  off.  

     · Important:    
               1. Beginner  flyers  are  recommended  to  only  fly  when  the  slow  green  flashes  
               2. Rear  LED  Flight  Indicators  will  go  from  slow  yellow  flashing  to  slow  green  
                    flashing  if  more  than  6  GPS  satellites  have  been  found.  
               3. Never  stop  the  motors  during  flight    
                           
     9. Landing  (Outdoors)  

          · Pull  down  the  throttle  stick  to  descend.    The  stick  will  lock  into  place  and  the  aircraft  
               will  descend  steadily.  

          · When  landing  on  the  ground,  pull  both  sticks  to  bottom  corners  to  stop  motors.  
          · Press   the   circular   power   button   once,   then   press   again   and   hold   for   2   seconds   to  

               power   off   the   Smart   Flight   Battery.      Turn   off   the   Remote   Control   and   Range  
               Extender.  
          · Important:  

                    1. Land  only  on  flat  ground  in  open  spaces.  
                    2. Stop  motors  immediately  after  landing.  

                                                                                                                                              
  
  
                                                                                                                                             
  
  
