June 29, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11936
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1359

Mr. Drew Farrington
Drew's Aerial Photography
2370 130th Avenue Northeast, #103
Bellevue, WA 98005

Dear Mr. Farrington:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Drew's Aerial Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
video and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Drew's Aerial Photography is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations
In this grant of exemption, Drew's Aerial Photography is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                            FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                           WASHINGTON, DC

                              Regulatory Docket No. _ _ _ _ __

           IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                             DREW'S AERIAL PHOTOGRAPHY

 FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
               TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

   SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
    91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED

                                      AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                              PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
             THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                      (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                 Submitted on April20, 2015
                                                                 Drew Farrington
                                                                 Drew's Aerial Photography
                                                                 2370 BOth Avenue NE, #103
                                                                 Bellevue, Washington 98005
                                         TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                            Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS................................................... ................................3

SUMMARY............................. ..............................................................................................4

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER.................................. ..................4

BACKGROUND ..... ..... ..... .... ... ...................... ....... .. . ..............................................................4

BASIS FOR PETITION................................................................... ................................. .....5

         NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.............................................................6

         THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH DAP SEEKS
          EXEMPTION.......................................................................................................... ...6

         THE EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASONS FOR THAT
         RELIEF.................................................................................................................... 15

         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING DAP 'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
         PUBLIC INTEREST .... ........................................................................................17

         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY. ........................................... ..............................19

         SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER......30

         ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
         AVAILABLE TO SUPPORTDAP'S QUEST............................ ......................... 34

CONCLUSION....................... ............................................................................................ .30

APPENDICES ................................ .. ..................... .. ....... ............... ........ .31

DAP Petition for Exe mption  Page  2
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
 AOI
ATC               Above Ground Level
ATO               Area ofInterest
AV                Air Traffic Control
CFR              Air Traffic Organization
COA              Aerial Vehicle
FAA              Code ofFederal Regulations
                 Certificate of Authorization
FAR              Federal Aviation Administration
                 Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS              Ground Control Station
GPS              Global Positioning System
LOL              Loss ofLink
NAS              National Airspace System
NOTAM            Notice to Airman
PIC              Pilot In Command
Section 333      FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA) Section 333
                 Safety Observer
so               Standard Operating Procedures
                 Unmanned Aircraft
SOP              Unmanned Aircraft System
UA               Visual Flight Rules
UAS              Visual Line of Site
VFR             Visual Meteorological Conditions
VLOS            Vertical Takeoffand Landing
VMC
VTOL

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 3
SUMMARY

         Drew Farrington and Charles Farrington doing business as Drew's Aerial
Photography ("DAP") seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) &
(b) or alternatively an exemption from C.F.R §§ 61.113, 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
(FMRA). This exemption will permit DAP to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of construction sites,
real estate, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONERs

         Drew Farrington and Charles Farrington have over 4 years recreational/hobby
experience in all aspects of aerial flight and 3 years of aerial video and photography. The
objective of DAP's aerial video and photography operations is to provide high quality
imaging for a variety of commercial, public, and residential uses, specifically targeting:

              · Construction sites before and after
              · Appraisals
              · Real-estate marketing
              · Motion Picture Filming
              · Aerial acquisitions used for inspections of public and private structures.
              · Search and Rescue operations

         ·

BACKGROUND

Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1 UASs

         DAP seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire within the
NAS. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 are vertical takeoffand landing (VTOL)
Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or
smart phone systems. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, while having a length of 16 inches width of 16 inches,
height of 8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots. The DJI Inspire 1 has
a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5 ounces, a length of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7
inches, height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots. The DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs are equipped with four main rotors; driven by
Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motors.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by DAP
will be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration ofAircraft, as well as
14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page  4
BASIS FOR PETITION

         Petitioner, DAP, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14
C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA), Section 333,
Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to
commercially operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1 UASs in the National
Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b).

         In consideration ofthe speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with
the unmanned aircraft and its operation, DAP operation ofDJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs meets the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require
an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Accordingly, DAP requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l),
91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         DAP submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. DAP will use experienced personnel or technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, DAP will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by DAP to the extent necessary
to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles
and structures. Alternatively, DAP request that the requirement of private pilot licensing
for commercial UA use required of previous exemptions be lifted in this particular request
pursuant to DAP's argument herein.

         DAP seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, DAP submits that he
will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UASs are in an airworthy
condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UASs are in compliance with the
operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page  5
          DAP also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
 Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will not have a
 typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI Phantom 2
 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1UAs will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System
 (GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the
 UA to the GCS for active monitoring ofthe flight path. This altitude information, combined
 with DAP's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs within visual
 line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section
 91.121.

          Additionally, DAP seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.15l(b),
 entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. DAP submits that safety will not be
affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight
hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with
 enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 13.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least
4.5 minutes.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, DAP provides the following information in
support ofhis petition for exemption:

A. NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PETITIONER.

The name and address of the Petitioners and point ofcontact are:
Drew Farrington and Charles Farrington, DAP
2370 130m Avenue NE, #103
Bellevue, Washington 98005
Email: charles@pricefarrington.com

B. THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH DAP SEEKS
   EXEMPTION.

         1. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION
   61.113.

         DAP'S ARGUMENT FOR EXEMPTION FROM 14 C.F.R. §61.113: PRIVATE
         PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PIC.

         DAP requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §61.113 so that the PIC of the UA will
not be required to possess a private or commercial pilot's license. As the FAA and numerous
other national airspace regulators have recognized, UA operations conducted by persons who
do not hold a pilot's license can still achieve the equivalent level of safety of current
operations by manned aircraft with pilots holding a private or commercial pilot's license.

         Although it recognizes that a pilot's license is unnecessary for safe UA operation, the
FAA has to date declined to allow grant exemptions under Section 333 that would permit

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 6
individuals who possess neither a private nor a commercial pilot's certificate to conduct
commercial UA operations. It has specified two reasons for declining to do so. First, it has
stated that it does not possess the authority under Section 333 to exempt individuals from
the requirement under 49 U.S.C. §44711 to hold an airman certificate authorizing the airman
to serve in the capacity for which the certificate was issued. Exemption No. 11110 at 14.
Second, the FAA has concluded that the Department of Homeland Security (DRS) security
screening required of all certified airmen meets the statutory requirement in Section 333 that
operations not pose a threat to national security. Exemption No. 11110 at 15.

         DAP respectfully requests that the FAA reconsider its position. There is no dispute
that it is unnecessary for an operator ofaUA to go through the rigorous process ofbecoming
a certified pilot in order to safely operate aUA. In addition, the FAA does have the authority
to exempt UA operators from the requirement in 49 U.S.C. §447llto hold an airman
certificate for "serv[ing] in the capacity for which the certificate was issued." Indeed, it has
exercised that authority repeatedly in the Section 333 process. Finally, the FAA's security
concerns can be addressed by a variety ofmethods involving operator background checks to
be conducted by government agencies.

         2. THE FAA AND FOREIGN REGULATORS RECOGNIZE THAT
              OBTAINING A MANNED AIRCRAFT PILOT LICENSE IS
              UNNECESSARY FOR SAFE OPERATION OF A UA

         The FAA, like the other national airspace regulators that have considered the issue,
has concluded that UA operations conducted by persons who do not hold a pilot' s license
can still achieve the equivalent level ofsafety ofcurrent operations by manned aircraft with
pilots holding a private or commercial pilot' s license. In its recent UAS NPRM, the FAA
stated:

         "While these airman certification requirements are necessary for manned
         aircraft operations, they impose an unnecessary burden for many small UAS
         operations. This is because a person typically obtains a private or commercial
         pilot certificate by learning how to operate a manned aircraft. Much of that
         knowledge would not be applicable to small UAS operations because a small
         UAS is operated differently than mat1ned aircraft. !n addition, the knowledge
         currently necessary to obtain a private or commercial pilot certificate would
         not equip the certificate holder with the tools necessary to safely operate a
         small UAS... Thus, requiring persons wishing to operate a small UAS to
         obtain a private or commercial pilot certificate imposes the cost of
         certification on those persons, but does not result in a significant safety
         benefit because the process ofobtaining the certificate does not equip those
         persons with the tools necessary to mitigate the public risk posed by small
         UAS operations." Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft,
         80 Fed. Reg. 9543 at 9550 (proposed Feb. 23, 2015 (to be codified at 14
         C.F.R. Parts 21 , 43, 45, et al.)).

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page  7
          The FAA's conclusion that manned aircraft flying experience is unnecessary for the
operation of a UA is supported by research by the FAA and the Army Research Laboratory.
They demonstrate that UAs, even those much larger than the sUAS proposed by DAP, can
be safely flown by non-certificated pilots with a small,amount oftraining. For example, one
Army Research Laboratory study concluded:

          "[T]he specific motor skills needed to control the radio-controlled UAV
          would have to be learned by aviators independently of the motor skills
          learned in flying an aircraft. In particular, the somatic and visual cues that
          pilots use during aircraft landings would not be useful (and perhaps even
          counter-productive) for the different skill sets and perceptual viewpoint
          necessary for radio-controlled landings."1

          Additional research reports lend further support for the exclusion requested. For
example, a report sponsored by the FAA concluded that "We know that certain systems, like
the U.S. Army Hunter and Shadow systems, are successfully flown by pilots with no manned
aircraft experience."2

          In addition, foreign government airspace regulators that have examined the issue
have consistently recognized that the skills required to fly a manned aircraft are irrelevant to
operating a UA. For that reason, they have concluded that UA operators do not need to have
a private or commercial pilot's license. Canada, for example, does not require a pilot's
license to operate a UA. Transport Canada requires training ofUA operators, but that training
is limited to pilot ground school and flight operation training on UAs, not manned aircraft.3
Moreover, Canada allows this training to be "provided by other pilots, manufacturers, [UA]
flight training organizations or .. . selftaught." 4

1 Michael J. Barnes, Beverly G. Knapp, Barry W . Tillman, Brett A. Walters & Darlene
Veliki,
Crew systems analysis of unmanned aerial vehicle (UA V) future job and tasking
environments, Technical Report ARL-TR-2081, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD: Army
Research Laboratory, page 12 (2000), available at
http: / /w w w.dtic.mil/dtic/t r/fulltext/u2/a37 4230.pdf.
2 Kevin W. Williams, Unmanned Aircraft Pilot Medical Certification Requirements, Report
DOT/FAA/AM-07/3, FAA Civil Aerospace Medical Institute, page 2, (2007), available at
http://fas.org/iro/program/collect/ua-pilot.pdf. While the authors speculated that UAS use in
populated areas may change this assessment, indicating further research was needed to
address this concern, this concern is inapplicable as Helios' s flights will not be in congested
areas. See also Jason S. McCarley & Christopher D. Wickens, Human Factors Implications
ofUAVs in the National Airspace, Institute of Aviation, Aviation Human Factors Division,
University of illinois at Urbana-Champaign, 13 (2004), available at
http://www.tc.faa.gov/logistics/grants/pdf/2004/04-G-032.pdf
3 See Civil Aviation, Standards, Transport Canada, Advisory Circular: Guidance Material
for Operating Unmanned Air Vehicle Systems under an Exemption at 14 and 18-22, (Nov.
27, 2014) available at http://www.tc.gc.ca/media/documents/ca-opssvs/ac-600-004.pdf.
4 !d. at 14.

OAP Petition for Exemption  Page 8
         Similarly, the United Kingdom's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) recognized that
determining "Remote Pilot qualification requirements on the same basis as manned aircraft
may yield requirements that are too inflexible, too onerous and inappropriate for UAS
operations."5 As a result, the CAA only requires UA operators to demonstrate UA operator
competence.6 While there are a variety of ways to demonstrate competence, the most
common is to complete a course that will lead to a ground exam and flight test. Australia,
too, requires only passage of a UA-specific ground school program in lieu of a private pilot
license.7 Finally, more than a dozen countries, including Germany, Italy, France, Spain and
the Netherlands, have adopted the National UAS Certificate for Small Unmanned Aircraft
(BNUCMS) Standard for UA pilot certification.7 This standard results in a type-specific UA
certificate and does not require the operator to have a pilot's license. The process involves
taking a short ground school course, passing a ground school test and then passing a practical
test on commercial operation ofthe specific UAS per the UAS manufacturer's operations
manual.

         All of this experience and evidence indicates that the proposed exemption will
provide a greater level of safety than operations under 14 C.F.R. §61.113. In this instance,
the PIC has years of UA experience. He has focused his training and education on UAs
generally, and in particular on the aircraft to be operated, rather than taking on the cost,
additional time and risk to train on a manned aircraft, weighing several thousand pounds and
carrying highly flammable fuel.

         The FAA has concluded in the NPRM that such UA-specific training is more than
sufficient to provide an equivalent level of safety for UA operations. Sometime in the next
18 to 24 months, that position will be enshrined in a valid regulation. However, in the
meantime, the FAA claims it lacks the authority to relax the requirement to possess a pilot
certificate. As described infra, that position is both incorrect and contradicted by the FAA's
recent decisions.

         3. THE FAA HAS ALREADY EXERCISED THE AUTHORITY TO EXEMPT
              APPLICANTS FROM THE AIRMAN CERTIFICATE REQUIREMENT

5 Civil Aviation Authority, Safety Regulation Group, Unmanned Aircraft System Operations
in UK Airspace- Guidance, Section 2, Chapter 5, Page 2 (Aug. 10, 2012), available at
https://www.caa.co.ukldocs/33/CAP722.pdf.
6 Civil Aviation Authority, Unmanned Aircraft and Aircraft Systems,
available at http://www.caa.co.ukldefault.aspx?catid=1995&pagetype=90
7 Australian Government Civil Aviation Safety Authority, available at
http://www.casa. gov.au/scripts/nc.dll?WCMS: STANDARD: :pc=PC 1003

74.
7 See EuroUSC International, "Pilot Qualification," available at
http://eurousc.com/services/pilot-qualifications/.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page  9
          The FAA claims that it lacks authority to exempt UA operators from the requirement
of 49 U.S. §44711 to hold an airman certificate authorizing the airman "to serve in the
capacity for which the certificate was issued." See, e.g., Exemption No. 11110 at 14. This
claim is inconsistent with both (i) the statutory language ofthat section and Section 333, and
(ii) numerous recent FAA decisions.

         The operative part of 49 USC §44711 provides that a "person may not ... serve in
any capacity as an airman with respect to a civil aircraft, ... used, or intended for use, in air
commerce - (A) without an airman certificate authorizing the airman to serve in the
capacity for which the certificate was issued . .. " If the FAA's interpretation were correct,
this language would require that any person wishing to operate a UA for commercial
operations have an airman certificate authorizing the person to serve as an airman in
commercial operations.

         However, in all of its recent grants of Section 333 petitions, the FAA has- without
explicitly acknowledging the fact- exempted commercial UA operators from the§ 44711(A)
requirement that they hold an airman certificate authorizing them "to serve in the capacity
for which the certificate was issued." It has done so by allowing them to operate a UA so
long as they hold a private pilot' s or sport pilot's authorization, even though such a certificate
does not permit commercial operations. Exemption No. 11062 at 15-18; Exemption No.
11110 at 14-16; Exemption No. 11191 at 3-5; and Exemption No. 11229 at 3 and 8.

         The FAA argues that it cannot exempt applicants from the requirements of §44711
because, while the specific language of Section 333 grants it limited statutory flexibility
relative to 49 U.S.C. §44704 for the purposes of airworthiness certification, Section 333 does
not provide flexibility relative to §44711 and other sections of Title 49. Exemption No.
11110 at 14. This argument ignores the plain la.'l.guage ofthe statute. The relevant language
of Section 333 is:

         (a) IN GENERAL-Notwithstanding any other requirement of this
         subtitle, and not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act,
         the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft
         systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion
         ofthe plan and rulemaking required by section 332 ofthis Act or the guidance
         required by section 334 ofthis Act.

         (b) ASSESSMENT OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS.-In
         making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine,
         at a minimum-

         (I) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their
         size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
         populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a
         hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat
        to national security; and

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 10
          (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
          airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
          Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified
          under paragraph (1).

          (c) REQUIREMENTS FOR SAFE OPERATION.-If the Secretary
          determines under this section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may
          operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish
          requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
          airspace system.

          The language of Section 333(b) is permtsstve: it requires that the Secretary
"determine, at a minimum ... whether a certificate ofwaiver, certificate ofauthorization, or
airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required
for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1)." Nothing in
(b) precludes the Secretary from determining whether or not a pilot's license is required for
operation of a UA identified under paragraph (b)(1 ).

         Indeed, the FAA has implicitly conceded the point by granting exemptions from the
requirement that commercial UA operators hold a commercial pilot certificate. From an
analytical standpoint, there is no difference between granting an exemption from the
commercial pilot's license requirement and granting an exemption from the private or sport
pilot's license requirement. Both are clearly exemptions from a specific statutory
requirement in 49 U.S.C. §44711. If the FAA has the statutory authority under Section
333(b) to do the former, it has the same authority to do the latter.8

         For the reasons set forth above, the FAA should reconsider its position and exercise
its full authority to grant an exemption from all the requirements of49 USC §44711, so that
DAP serving as a commercial UA operator need not have a pilot's license.

Alternatively:

         1. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION
             61.113(a) and (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

8 The FAA has not specifically identified the statutory provision that underpins its authority
to grant the exemptions from the commercial pilot's license requirement. Whether the
statutory basis is Section 333 or some other provision makes no difference. Ifthere is a basis
for a partial exemption from in 49 U.S.C. § 44711, that basis also justifies an exemption
from the entire provision.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 11
 (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
      (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
      hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

 (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
      connection with any business or employment if-

      (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
      (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

 2. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUffiEMENT OF SECTION
 91.7(a).

 Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the
 following:
 (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

 3. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUmEMENTS OF SECTION
    91.121.

 Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in
part:
 (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight

     level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
     when operating--

     (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

          (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
              within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

          (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(l)(i) of
              this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
              available station; or

          (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
               departure.

4. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION
    91.151(b).

Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection

(b), states the following:

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 12
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
     (considering wind andforecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
     the first point ofintended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
     after thatfor at least 20 minutes.

5. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENT OF SECTION
    91.405(a).

Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
Each owner or operator ofan aircraft-
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall

    between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) ofthis section,
    have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

6. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION
    91.407(a)(l)

Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive

    maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

    (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under§ 43.7
         of this chapter.

7. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTIONS
   91.409(a)(l) and 91.409(a)(2).

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
    aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

    (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by§ 43.7 ofthis chapter;
         or

    (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
         with part 21 ofthis chapter.

8. DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTIONS
   91.417(a) and 91.417(b).

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 13
 (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
     registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
     specified in paragraph (b) ofthis section:

     (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
          records ofthe 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
          inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
          engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
          include--

          (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) ofthe
             work performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

          (iii) The signature, and certificate number ofthe person approving the aircraft
               for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:
         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
             each rotor.

         (ii) The current status oflife-limited parts ofeach airframe, engine, propeller,
              rotor, and appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
               are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
               last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
               aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
              directives including, for each, the method ofcompliance, the AD or safety
              directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
             recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) ofthis chapter for each major
               alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
              propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
    prescribed:

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 14
               (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) ofthis section shall be retained until
                    the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work
                    is performed.

               (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                    transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

               (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§ 43.11 of
                    this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                    approved for return to service.

C. THE EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS THE
    RELIEF

         1. EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS
             RELIEF FROM SECTION 61.113(a) and (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and
limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a
FAA airman certificate or in the alternative an unmanned aircraft operator certificate with a
small UAS rating (like existing pilot aitman certificates) as well as a current and valid airman
medical certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to
conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

          This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b)
state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC ofan aircraft in connection
with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

         As set forth more fully below, DAP submits that an equivalent level ofsafety will be
maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS or
DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements,
demonstrating that the PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI
Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as described in this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, DAP submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire
1 UASs, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to
DAP's business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS
            RELIEF FROM SECTION 91.7(a).

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 15
          Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow DAP to determine that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire
 1 UASs are in aitworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in
compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the DAP Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual).

          DAP seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire
1 UASs do not require an aitworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. Therefore, DAP will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs are in aitworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents
(i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction
Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for safe
flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

         3. EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS
             RELIEF FROM SECTION 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which utilize a
barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link
to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS).
Since the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported
to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), DAP seeks the requested relief
because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UA's altimeter may be set on the
ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before
each flight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are equipped with a
barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground
level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with
altitude information ofthe UA on the heads-up display ofthe GCS.

         4. EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS
             RELIEF FROM SECTION 91.15l(b).

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements tor flight in VFR
conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to
the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for
at least 4.5 minutes. DAP seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from
Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still
photo flight operations that DAP proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 16
          Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2
 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 operating
 documents, and DAP's proposed operating limitations, ensure that DAP will safely operate
 the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during daylight hours in
 visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough
 battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point ofintended landing
 and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

         5. EXTENT OF RELIEF DAP SEEKS AND THE REASON DAP SEEKS
             RELIEF FROM SECTIONS 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2),
             And 91.417(a) & (b).

 Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
    apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, DAP requests relieffrom these Sections
    because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require airworthiness
    certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
    UASs meet the conditions ofFMRA Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness
    certificate. Accordingly, DAP will use trained technicians to perform maintenance,
    alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and
    practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the DAP Aerial Operations
    Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
    Instruction Manual). Furthermore, DAP will document and maintain all maintenance
    records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs.

D. REASONS WHY GRANTING DAP'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC
    INTEREST.

         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing DAP to
safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography of construction
sites, real estate, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

         Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will
decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the
economy. Notably, the benefits ofDAP' s proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

         1. THE PUBLIC WILL BENEFIT FROM DECREASED CONGESTION OF
             THENAS.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs are battery powered and serve as
a safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to
obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial
acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1
UAS would reduce the amount ofmanned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution,
as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 17
          Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
 congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
 DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions
would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground,
takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

          2. THE PUBLIC WILL BENEFIT FROM THE SAFETY AND EFFICIENCY
             OF THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS.

          Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs, instead ofmanned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the
levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still
photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom
2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs produce no air pollution, and is the most viable
environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion
engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning
approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and DJI Inspire 1 UAs, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also
eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered electric motors,
rather than an internal combustion engine.

          By using the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs to perform aerial
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is
usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located
onboard the aircraft, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs (weighing
approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces and 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at their maximum
gross weights with lengths of 16 inches and 17.3 inches respectively, widths of 16 inches
and 17.7 inches respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for
collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned
aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds
with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180
gallons).

         3. PERFORMING AERIAL VIDEO AND PHOTOGRAPHY OPERATIONS
             WITH THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS WILL
             BENEFIT THE ECONOMY.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs are also an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial
operations. As such, operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will
allow United States based companies, like DAP, to remain competitive and contribute to
growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the
Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation
fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 18
 order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
 Inspire 1 UASs is one such technology that not only allows companies greater operational
 flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high
 operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

          By operating the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, companies such
 as DAP, can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability
 to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U .S.
 economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of
 the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, provides a stable workforce that
 increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
 companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
 United States and abroad.

          4. THERE ARE NO PRIVACY ISSUES.

          Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted
for decades, DAP's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the
DAP Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual) which requires property owner involvement as well
as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation
Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

E. REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
   AFFECT SAFETY, OR HOW THE EXEMPTION WOULD PROVIDE A LEVEL
   OF SAFETY AT LEAST EQUAL TO THAT PROVIDED BY THE RULE FROM
   WIDCH DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION.

         1. REASONS WHY THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1
            UAS MEET THE CONDITIONS OF THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND
            REFORM ACT OF 2012 (FMRA) SECTION 333.

         In consideration ofthe size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
the unmanned aircraft and its operation, DAP's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard
to users ofthe NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically,
FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement ofthis subtitle, and not later
             than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of

           Transportation shall determine ifcertain unmanned aircraft systems may operate

             safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 19
               rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by
               section 334 ofthis Act.

          (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
               subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

               (1) which types ofunmanned aircraft systems, ifany, as a result oftheir size,

                        weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
                        populated areas, and operation within visual line ofsight do not create a
                        hazard to users ofthe national airspace system or the public or pose a
                        threat to national security; and

                   (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
                        airworthiness certification under section 44704 oftitle 49, United States
                        Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems
                        identified underparagraph (I).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation. --Ifthe Secretary determines under this section
              that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
              airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation
              ofsuch aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, DAP submits that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
Inspire 1 UASs can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as
demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

            a. THE SPECIFICATIONS OF THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI
                INSPIRE 1 UASS DEMONSTRATE ITS SAFE CHARACTERISTICS.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not create a hazard to users
ofthe NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size,
weight, speed, and operational capability.

                  i. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS OF THE DJI PHANTOM 2
                    VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS.

         The technical specifications ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs
are set forth by the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Specifications and Data Sheet,
attached hereto as Exhibits A and B.

                  ii. THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS
                     AUTONOMOUS FLIGHT AND NAVIGATION MODES ENABLE
                     THE UASS TO REMAIN WITHIN A DEFINED OPERATIONAL
                      AREA.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs may be operated in both manual
and fully autonomous flight modes. A complete description of the flight and navigational

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 20
modes ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs is provided at pages 31-34 of
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and pages 12-16 and 45-50 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals,
attached hereto as Exhibit C and D.

                  iii. THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS ARE
                      DESIGNED FOR AUTOMATIC RETURN TO HOME POINT OR
                      HOVER IN THE EVENT OFLOSS OF THE CONTROL LINK OR
                      NAVIGATION.

         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs
will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom
2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UAs
will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the home position (i.e.,
failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and shutdown.

         A complete description ofthe Failsafe Functions ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS
are set forth at pages 32 - 34 and for the DJI Inspire 1 at pages 13 through 15 of the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit C and D.

                  iv. THE DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 GCS AND
                      ITS OPERATION.

         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 31 through
41 ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual and pages 40 through 51 of the DJI Inspire 1
User Manual. DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto
as Exhibits C and D.

            b. FLIGHT OPERATIONS OF DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI
                INSPIRE 1 UASS ARE LIMITED TO THE LINE OF SIGHT OF A
                CERTIFICATED PILOT IN COMMAND WITH A SAFETY
                OBSERVER.

         DAP will only utilize certificated pilots to act as a pilot in command (PIC) ofthe DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all
pilots during flight time.

            c. FLIGHTS OF DJI PHANTOM 2 VISION+ AND DJI INSPIRE 1 UASS
                WILL BE CONDUCTED PURSUANT TO SPECIFIC OPERATING
                LIMITATIONS.

          In seeking this exemption, DAP proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas ofUnited States, pursuant to the following specific operating
limitations:

          1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following
             aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less than
             55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 21
   Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
   require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for
   the purpose ofaerial video and photography.

3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground
   level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents
   unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to
   ATC must be in feet AGL.

5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
   times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
   other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical
   certificate.

6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
   permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy
   the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
   SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
   messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
   designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
   duration ofthe flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform the functions
   prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
   and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is
   not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
   UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
   discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant
   of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
   conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
   and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
   outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
   operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
   present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
   operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
   extension or amendment to the grant ofexemption. Ifthe operator determines that
   any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the
   exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
   exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
   questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 22
 10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition
     for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
     of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
     maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
     safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight
     inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
     aircraft records.

11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
     operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement ofa flight critical component,
     must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test
     flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
    sections of the operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
    inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must
    be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of
    work accomplished, and the signature ofthe authorized person returning the UAS
    to service.

15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    Safety Bulletins.

16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record ofthe corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
    class medical certificate.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
    operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the
    UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
    § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are permitted
    under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be
    conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
    experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 23
      considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
      distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

 19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §
      1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
      (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA
      office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight
      rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

 20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
     denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
     agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
     conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator' s COA. The
     letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the
     Administrator upon request.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
     PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
     determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered
     in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies
     in accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
     forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
     speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
     remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
    of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the
     grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice
    to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
    hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with
    airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
    altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
    Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
    and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 24
      Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
      requirements.

 28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.P.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available
      to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is
      operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any
      law enforcement official upon request.

 29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.

 30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
 31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

     persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons),
     vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
             operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
             protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
             protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
             immediately and/or;

         b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
             owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
             permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
             operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an
             undue hazard, and;

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do
             not present an undue hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be
    reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
    Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
    per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

2. REASONS WHY AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
   SECTION 61.113(a) AND (b) WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT
   SAFETY.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 25
          DAP submits that the equivalent level ofsafety established by Section 61.113(a) and
 (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour
 and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles
and structures.

          Considering DAP's proposed area of operations, and the airmanship skills necessary
to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS, DAP submits that the
additional manned airmanship experience of a certificated pilot would not correlate to the
airmanship skills necessary for DAP' s specific proposed flight operations.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS , in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         DAP will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1
UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements, that
the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner
consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
14 C.P.R.§ 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a minimum of5
hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model ofUAS to be used
for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must
accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience
that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level
of safety during DAP's proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for
         the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have
         accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), 25 hours of
         total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot
         with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC
         must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
         operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
         exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements
         to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be
        included in the 10 hours ofmulti-rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 26
          total25 hours ofUAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC
          must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
          purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in
          Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the skills
          necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also finds
          that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
          applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and
          experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption to
          accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-
          building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in
          accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.

Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

          Accordingly, DAP will ensure sate operations by not allowing any PIC to operate
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by
meeting minimum flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely
operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         3. REASONS WHY AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             SECTION 91.7(A) WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained
because prior to every flight, DAP will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ or DJI Inspire
1 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating
documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         4. REASONS WHY AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
            SECTION 91.121 WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained
because the altitude information of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will
be provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link,
which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and
altitude. This altitude information, combined with DAP's operation of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs within visual line of sight, at or below 500 feet AGL, will
ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information will be
generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero
altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UASs at ground level.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 27
          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
 circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
 Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,
 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

          5. REASONS WHY AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             SECTION 91.151(B) WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY.

          A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of(l) the technical specifications ofthe DJI Phantom
 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and
 (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, DAP will ensure that it will
 safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAs during
 daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of
 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
 fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

          Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the
 location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs provide audible and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS
when the UAs experiences low battery voltage, the first warning occurring at approximately
33% remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10% remaining battery power. At
the critically low battery level, the DJI Phantom Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will
descend and land automatically.

          Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations ofthe UAS are considered. Reliefhas been granted for manned aircraft to operate
at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689,
5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151
specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein
(e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159,
11160, 11161).

         6. REASONS WHY AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
            SECTIONS 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) and
            (b) WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY.

         In seeking this exemption, DAP submits that the equivalent level of safety with
regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a){1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because DAP
will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance
on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating
documents (i.e., the DAP Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 28
 Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, DAP will document
 and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
 UASs.

           Since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be inspected as
 prescribed by the operating documents, DAP will maintain the equivalent level of safety
 established by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(l), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the DJI
 Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit C and D;
 a copy ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance LOG is attached
 hereto as Exhibit E.

           Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because DAP will
 use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on
 the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating
 documents.

          Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
 established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance ofthe DJI
 Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs will be performed by trained technicians.
 Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

          Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the
UAS are considered.

          In consideration ofDAP's proposed operating limitations, the operating documents,
and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, DAP
submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R.
Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA
has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material
respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065,
11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157,
11158,11159,11160, 11161).

         7. THE FAA MAY PRESCRIBE ANY OTHER CONDITIONS FOR SAFE
OPERATION.

          In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, DAP requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and
DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21 ,
Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit
safe operation ofthe UAs for the limited purpose ofconducting aerial video and photography

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 29
  over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets
  forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
 NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
  authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any
 requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

           Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.P.R.
 § 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, since the
 airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety
 standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled
 Special Conditions, states the following:

           If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations ofthis subchapter do not contain
          adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
          because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or
          propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product.
          The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and
          contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA
          finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the
          regulations.
 See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
          Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.P.R.§ 21.16, the FAA
may prescribe special conditions for DAP's intended operation of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator
finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
F. A SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER,
     STATING: THE RULES FROM WHICH DAP SEEKS EXEMPTION:
         DAP seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)&(b),
         alternatively 14 C.F.R Section 61.113, and 91. 7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
         91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE NATURE OF THE EXEMPTION DAP
         SEEKS:
         This exemption will permit DAP to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
         System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over
         allowed areas ofthe United States.
G. ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT DAP'S REQUEST.

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 30
          This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain
 UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, DAP's request for exemption may be granted
 pursuant to the authority ofFMRA Section 333 and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

          FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will
 create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
 security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
 certification.

          As discussed in detail above, DAP will operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI
 Inspire 1 UASs safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the
 public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

CONCLUSION

          As set forth herein, DAP seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.P.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA), which will permit
safe operation ofthe DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially, without
an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing DAP to
safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1
UASs commercially within the NAS.

         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, DAP respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.113(a) & (b) or alternatively 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113, 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit
DAP to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially for the
purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States.

Dated: Apri116, 2015

                                                                 Respectfully submitted by:

                                or~ w f a_ ({ £~(1

             @~,Drew Farrington
                                                                 DAP
                                                                 2370 130th Avenue NE, #103
                                                                 Bellevue, Washington 98005

DAP Petition for Exemption  Page 31
