August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12305
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1224

Mr. Zainil M. Kadiwal
CEO
DroneForce Studios, LLC
1422 Kyle Hill Lane
Sugar Land, TX 77479

Dear Mr. Kadiwal:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of DroneForce Studios, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DroneForce Studios, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                               3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DroneForce Studios, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ··

DroneForce Studios LLC -·::· oc1'1·22 Kvlc: Hill                                                                                                                                                          .DOll
                 "

E-!vlail: aclmin
 Lanr: Stwar Land. Texas     \V77e-1b7:~)ww·w.Pclhroonneel: oWrc)e-')s_t-u')c/8l"i-<o· sl/.4c1ot~_·1· ·-·.·.;:·.-·.r-I:lJ-,.:~:-r.:;.~.,l·.r:·l;J-c~:),:lQ:i'r-/",-I'_'.t.'T1.-·,,~\t,r-'·l1t···,;l.::~·
                    t'J. -'

(u:ldronelorcestudios.com
-- . ·--· ~--itJ\Jt.:\"J

Date: 4·/IG/15

United St;1tes Department of"T'ransponation
Dockr:t ~'iauagemt~llt System
1200 New.Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room WI2-J4.0
Washington, DC 20:)90

orRr:: Exr.rnption Request Pursuant To Section :):1:) the FAA Refi:mn Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

We are writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and the
procedures contained in 14- C.F.R. II, to request that DroneForce Studios LLC, an owner and operator of
small unmanned aircral'l, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that
DroneForce Studios, may operate its small unmanned aircraft I lightweight unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS")
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA"); as long as such operations
are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required
by Section 333. The conditions identified ami proposed by the applicant are drawn from Order 8900.1 CHG 0,
Volume 3, Chapter 8-lssue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming. As identified and
described herein, Zainil Kacliwal, and his company DroneForce Studios, is an experienced, recognized veteran
in the cinematography and photography industry. Mr. Kadiwal and his previous production experience have
been producing and delivering great and unmatched quality videos .. !vlr. Kadiwal has also been an avid R/C
model Oyer for over eight (8) years. Mr. Kadiwal has had extensive production service contracts with many
entertainment multi-media conglomerates. DroneForce Studios has been actively involved in the technical
development of UAS/UAV service applications to prm·ide high definition film quality by ae1ial cinematography
\\~th small, unmanned aircraft and lightweight UAS. It is currently one of the very few companies that is
developing advanced technical applications and abilities lor future commercial service applications. DroneForce
Studios has fully equipped each of its small unmanned aircraft for aerial photography and cinematography,
primarily lor use in the television broadcast industry, though given their stability and maneuverability, they may
he used for other cinematography, by law enforcement personnel, search and rescue and by other first
responders.

To elate, DroneForce Studios has rejected all oilers to work with film, television, commercial tele\~sion
production companies and directors on locations within the United States, to ensure it is in compliance with any
applicable FARs. It, like other applicant~, has clone so clespite.Juclge Pauick G. Geraghty's decision in the
Raphael Pirker matter and his reasoning that no FARs prohibit the use of small unmanned aircraft or
lightweight UAS like those flown by other peer companies. DroneForce Studios exemption request would
permit its operation of lightweigln, unmanned (remotely controlled in line of sight) UAS in tightly controlled
and limited airspace. Predetermined, specifically marked areas of operation, cordoned ofrlocations and
corresponding enhancements to current safety controls will allow DroneForce Studios to operate \\~thin current
safety parameters and new ones being implemented. As identified, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS
are legally operated by amateurs \\~th 110 flight experience, safety plan or comrols itt place to prevellt
catastrophe. DroneForce Studios is developing a state-of-theart client website applicatio11 to monitor, evaluate
and implemellt all aerial cinematography acti\~ties with a pre-flight safety ami flight plan system. Graming
DroneForce Studios request comports with the Secretary ofTransportation's (FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities to not only integrate UAS into the national airspace system, but to" ... establish requirements for
the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act. Further, DroneForce Studios \\~II conduct its operatio11s in complia11ce \\~th the protocols described
herein or as otherwise established by the FAA. DroneForce Studios respectfully requests the grant of an
exemption allowi11g it to operate lightweight, remote controlled UAS. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the
Code of Federal Regulations, DroneForce Studios.

Equipment: (UAS) PJI Inspire I

Requests Exemption are:

14- CFR 21; 14- C.F.R. 4-5.23(b); 14- CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14- C.F.R. 91, et seq.; 14- CFR 4-07 (a)(l); 14- CFR 4-09
(a)(2); and, 14- CFR 4-1 7 (a) & (b).

Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part II of the Federal A\~ation

Regulations from 14- C.F.R. 4-5.230)); 14- CFR Part 21; 14- CFR G1.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.1 03(h);
91.1 09;91.1 19; 91.121; 91.151 (a);91.203(a) & (b);91.4-0S (a); 91. 407(a) (I); 91.409 (a) (2);91.41 7 (a) & (b).

The Extent of Relief Drone Force Studios Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief":

DroneForce Studios submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334,

seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevem DroneForce Studios contemplated
commercial cinematic, research and other flight operations \\~thin the national airspace system. The Reform
Act in Section 332 provides for such imegration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our natio11al airspace
system as it is in the public's interest to do so. DroneForce Studios lightweight UAS meet the definition of"small
unmanned aircrafi'' as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of Drone Force Studios lightweight
UAS are expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. DroneForce Studios would like to operate its lightweight
UAS prior to the time period hy which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such
craft. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the tyves of UAS that may operate safely in our
national airspace system. Considerations include:
                                  -------------------------------------------~

The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the Dji Inspire I; Whether the UAS will be operated near
ai'lJOrts or populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line ofsight.II2 P.L 95 § 333 (a). Each
of these items militates in favor of an exemption for DroneForce Studios. DroneForce Studios UAS utilizes four
counter-rotating propellers for extreme balance, control and stability. They each weigh less than 25 pounds,
including cinematic or other equipment. Each ofDroneForce Studios small unmanned aircraft are designed to
ptimarily hover in place and operate at less than a 35 knot maximum speed. They are capable of vertical and
h01izomal operations but operate only within the line of sight of the remote comrol pilot. In addition to the
remote comrol pilot, DroneForce Studios uses a spotter and a technician, such that, at minimum, three
DroneForce Studios personnel govern the safe flight or an DroneForce Studios aircraft at all times. Utilizing
banery power and not combustible fuels, flights generally last between five and twenty minutes DroneForce
Studios does not operate ito; UAS with less than twenty five percent battery capacity. Safety systems in place
include a G PS mode that allows DroneForce Studios UAS to hover in place if communication with the radio
comrol pilot is lost and then slowly descend the UAS at twenty five percent battery capacity. Further,
DroneForce Studios Dji Inspire I is programmed, in some instances, to slowly follow a predetermined set of
waypoints to return to a salety point if communications are lost. DroneForce Studios does not operate its UAS
near ai'l)Orts and generally does not operate them near populated areas. The UAS operating software and G PS
navigation systems do not allow any of the DroneForce Studios UAS vehicles to operate near aiq)orts or
restricted Oy zones. The failsafe software will disable the UAS vehicles from taking orr and also limit the UAS
systems from operating within specific G PS preset no-Oy zones. To date, Drone Force Studios has only operated
its fleet on private sets, cordoned off areas ami areas under the control of DroneForce Studios clients.
DroneForce Studios only operates its UAS in predetermined areas and only in compliance \\~th well regarded
safety protocols such as those contained within the well established and commonly known Motion Picture and
Tele\~sion Operations Manual. Drone Force Studios operation of its Dji Inspire I of small unmanned aircraft
will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the
small size and weight ofDroneForce Studios UASs, combined with their operation in cordoned off ami well-
comrolled areas, DroneForce Studios Dji Inspire I falls within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it
promulgated the Reform Act ami the corresponding directive to integrate UAS into the national airspace
system. Indeed, DroneForce Studios UAS have a demonstrable safety record and do not pose any threat to the
general public or national security. The FAA has the authority to issue the exemption to DroneForce Studios
pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act"). Commercial and Public
Benefits Granting DroneForce Studios exemption request furthers the public interest. First, Congress has
already pronounced that it is in the public's interest to imegrate commercially flown UAS imo the national
airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Second, DroneForce Studios conduct~ research into safe
UAS operations every time it flies one of its UAS. Flight data, \~sua! inspections, recorded observations and
flight analyses are compiled to further enhance current safety protocols. Allowing Droneforce Studios to log
more flight time directly relates to its research and its ability to further enhance current safety measures. Third,
the public has an interest in reducing the danger and emission associated with current aerial cinematic capture

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ~-l
                       --------------------------------~

                                                            oo·

methods, namely, full size helicopters. DroneForce Studios UAS are battery powered and create no emissions. If
an DroneFon.:e Studios UAS crashes there is no li.1el to ignite and explode. The impact of DroneForce Studios
lightweight UAS is far less than a lull size helicopter, notwithstanding the statistically noteworthy salety record
ol"li.dl size helicopters used in motion picture capture. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological
and crash impacts by permitting motion picture capture through DroneForce Studios lightweight UAS.
Progression of the arts ami sciences has been fundamental to our society since its inclusion in the United States
Constitution. Indeed, Congress mandated the integration of UASs into our national airspace system, in part, to
achieve progression in this noteworthy, and inevitable, lield. Permitting DroneForce Studios to immediately fly
within the United States furthers these goals. \·Vhether it is the amalgam of scientilic discoveries applicable to
leature lilm making (including those drawing upon architecture, physics, engineering and cultural inclusiveness)
to advancements in publicly usable technologies or advancements in equipment available to law enlorcement
personnel I first responders that does not cost millions of dollars, granting DroneForce Studios exemption
request substamially furthers the public's interest in ways known and currently unknown.

Reasons Why DroneForce Studios Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The Exemption Will
Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule: DroneForce Studios exemption will not adversely
affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons stated, supra, permitting Drone Force Studios to log more flight
time in FAA controlled airspace will allow DroneForce Studios to innovate and implement new and as of yet
undiscovered safety protocols. In addition, DroneForce Studios submits the lollowing representations of
enhancements to current aerial motion picture capture techniques:

     · DroneForce Studios UAS weigh less than 25 pounds complete

     · DroneForce Studios only operates its UAS below 300 feet;
     · DroneForce Studios UAS only operate lor 5-25 minutes per !light;
     · DroneForce Studios lands it'i UAS when they reach 25% battery power;
     · DroneForce Studios remote control pilots operate DroneForce Studios UAS

          by line of sight;

    · DroneForce Studios remote control pilots have video backup should they somehow

          lose sight ol"the UAS

   · DroneForce Studios stalE each flight with a remote control pilot, technician and
                  --------------------------------------<LMI

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    \

    spotter with communication systems enabling real time communication between them;

· DroneForce Studios UASs have G PS flight modes whereby they hover and then

    slowly land if communication with the remote colltrol pilot is lost or battery power is
    below25%;

· DroneForce Studios actively analyses electronic flight data and other sources of
    information to constantly update and enhance safety protocols;

· DroneForce Studios only operates in secured areas that are strictly colltrolled, are
    away from airports and populated areas;

· DroneForce Studios conducts extensive briefings prior to flight, dming which safety
    carries p1imary importance;

    DroneForce Studios always obtains all necessary permissions and permits prior to operation; ami,
    DroneForce Studios has procedures in place to abort flights in the evem or safety breaches or potential
    danger. DroneForce Studios provides a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in nearly every
    instance, greater than existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial
     UAS into our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial motion picture
    capture. \,Vhile the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, it is far safer to operate a
    battery powered lightweight UAS. First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS carry no
    people on board ami DroneForce Studios only operates them in specific areas away from mass
    populations. Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is
    greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability ofDroneForce Studios UAS
    allow our remote control pilots to avoid hazards. Lastly, given their small size and weight, even when
    close enough to capture amazing images, DroneForce Studios UAS need not he so close to the objects
    they are focused 011. Accordingly, DroneForce Studios UAS have operated and will cominue to operate
    at and above currellt safety levels.
    A Summary The FAA i'day Publish in the Federal Register:
    A.

    14- C.F.R. 21 and 14- C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.
                                                                               DOli

14· C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Ainvorthiness Certificates, set~ forth requiremems for procurement of
necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(l). The size, weight and enclosed
operational area or DroneForce Studios UAS permits exemption fi·om Part 21 because Drone Force
Studios UAS meet an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the ainvorthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49
U.S.C. § 4-4-701 (Q) and Section 333 ofthe Reform Act. Both pieces oflegislation permit the FAA to
exempt UAS from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability ami proximity ro areas such as ai'lJorts and dense populations. DroneForce Studios
UAS meet or exceed each or the elements. 14· C. F.R. 91.7 (a) prohibits the operation or an aircrafi.
without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by
the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (h) (2) requires an aircrart flight manual in the
aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, ami given the size of the UASs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maimaining a manual at the flight
operations center. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737,8738,9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and32827.

14· C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as DroneForce Studios UAS
utilize electronic global positioning systems ami intemal gyroscopes to provide spatial coordination. I4
C.F.R. § 01.203 (a) and (h) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations. They
are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining such certifications and registrations at the DroneForce Studios flight operations center.

B.

I4· C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications.
DroneForce Studios UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or
pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch letteting is diflicult to place
on such small aircraft. Regardless, DroneForce Studios ,,~11 mark its UASs in the largest possible

letteting on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (Q so that the pilot, technician, spotter and

others working \\~th the UAV \\~II see the markings. The FAA has pre\~ously issued exemptions to this
n:gulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, I0167, I0167A and I0700.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ~-l
                           ----------------------------------------~

                                                     oo·

c.

14 C. F. R. § 61.1 13: P1ivate Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (h), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations.
DroneForce Studios can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations because
DroneForce Studios UAS do not carry any pilot~ or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license \\~II
not ensure remote control piloting skills, though DroneForce Studios pilot vetting and training programs
will. Further, private pilot licensees will operate DroneForce Studios UAS \\~th the same skill. Further,
the risks attendant to the operation of DroneForce Studios UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in
the commercial activities outlined in 14 C. F. R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing Drone Force Studios to
operate its UASs with a private pilot as the pilot in control will exceed current safety levels in relation to
14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) &(h).

D.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: !vlinimum Safe Altitudes.
14 C. F. R. § 91.1 19 prescribes sate altitudes for the operation of ci\~l aircraft. It allows helicopters to be
operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. DroneForce Studios UAS will never operate at an
altitude greater than 300 AGL. DroneForce Studios \\~II, however, operate its UASs in cordoned ofr
areas with seCluity perimeters, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to those in relation to
minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability ami speed of DroneForce Studios UAS,
an equivalelll level of safety \\~II be achieved.

I::.
14· C. F. R. 91.4·05 (a); 4·07 (a) (I); 4·09 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to "have [the]
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall hetween required inspections, except
as pro\~ded in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 4-3 of this
chapter." These Regulations only apply to aircraft \~th an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
therefore, apply to DroneForce Studios should its requested exemption be granted. Drone Force Studios
conduct~ an extensive maintenance program that involves regular software updates and constant
inspection for assessment of any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety \\~II be
achieved. DroneForce Studios has researched and developed its own designs.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ~)

                                                         j
Summary

Drone Force Studios seeks an exemption from the following Regulations: 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14
C.P.R. 45.23(h); 14 C.F.R. §§ Gl.II3 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14· C.F.R. § 91.15I(a); 14 C.F.R.

§§ 91 .203(a) ami (b); 14· C.F.R. § 91. 4·0:""> (a); I+ C.F.R. § 91.4·07 (a)( I); I+ C.P.R. § 91.'1-09 (a)(2); 14·
C.P.R.§ 91.409 (a)(2); and, 14 C.P.R.§§ 91.4·17 (a) & (l>) to commercially operate its fleet of small

unmanned vehicles and lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicles in motion picture or television
operations, to conduct its own research and to develop economic platforms for law enforcement I first
responders, search and rescue. Granting DroneForce Studios request for exemption will reduce current
risk levels ami thereby enhance safety. Curremly, motion picture image capture relies primarily 011 the
use of larger aircraft running on combustible fuel. Drone Force Studios craft do not contain potentially
explosive fuel, are smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional motion picture aircraft.
Further, DroneForce Studios operates at lower altitudes and in controlled airspace. DroneForce Studios
has been analyzing flight data and other information in compiling novel safety protocols and the
implementation of a flight operations manual that exceeds currently accepted means and methods of safe
flight. There are no people on hoard DroneForce Studios UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury is significamly limited DroneForce Studios operation of its UAS, weighting less than
25 pounds and traveling at speeds lower than 35 knot~ in cordoned of1' areas will provide at least an
equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. DroneForce Studios respectfully requests
that the FAA grant its exemption request without delay. The FAA has the authority to issue the
exemption sought by Drone Force Studios pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P. L. 726 (1958), as
amended (the "Act").

Sincerely,

Zainil !vl Kadiwal, CEO
DroneForce Studios, LLC.
1422 Kyle Hill Lane
Sugar Land, TX 774-79
Corporations Section                                                                       Carlos Cascos
P.O.Box 13697
Austin. Texas 78711-3697                                                                     Secretary of State

                                  CERTIFICATE OF FILING
                                                  OF

                                         DroneForce Studios LLC

                                                   File Number: 802185419

The undersigned, as Secretary of State of Texas, hereby certifies that a Certificate of Formation for the
above named Domestic Limited Liability Company (LLC) has been received in this oftice and has been
found to conform to the applicable provisions of law.
ACCORDlNGLY, the undersigned, as Secretary of State, and by virtue of the authority vested in the
secretary by law, hereby issues this certitlcate evidencing filing effective on the date shown below.
The issuance of this certitlcate does not authorize the use of a name in this state in violation of the rights
of another under the federal Trademark Act of 1946, the Texas trademark law, the Assumed Business or
Professional Name Act, or the common law.

Dated: 03/30/20 15
Effective: 03/30/2015

                    --

                                                                                                Carlos Cascos
                                                                                                Secretary of State

                             Come visit us on the imerner ar hffp:/;)vww.sos.srare.rx.usl

Phone: (512) 463-5555        Fax: (512) 463-5709                                           Dial: 7-1-1 for Relay Services
Prepared by: Bridget Mouton
                             TID: 10306                                                    Document: 598826170002
ACORD®              CERTIFICATE OF AVIATION LIABILITY INSURANCE                                                                                     I' DATe (MMIOOIYYYY)

  ~                                                                                                                                                 04/15/2015

THIS CERTIFICATE IS ISSUED AS A MATTER OF INFORMATION ONLY AND CONFERS NO RIGHTS UPON THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER. THIS

CERTIFICATE DOES NOT AFFIRMATIVELY OR NEGATIVELY AMEND, EXTEND OR ALTER THE COVERAGE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES

BELOW. THIS CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A CONTRACT BETWEEN THE ISSUING INSURER(S), AUTHORIZED

REPRESENTATIVE OR PRODUCER, AND THE CERTIFICATE HOLDER.

IMPORTANT: If the certificate holder Is an ADDITIONAL INSURED, the pollcy(les) must bo endorsed. If SUBROGATION IS WAIVED, subject to

the terms and conditions of tho policy, certain policies may require an endorsement. A statement on this certificate does not confer rights to the

certificate holder In lieu of such endorsemenUsl.

 PRODUCER                                                                  ~~~e~'"' Martha Christian                                       1r~.No1:

r-alcon Insurance Agency of Houston, Inc.                                  PHONE
19747 Highway 59 N., Suite 314                                             IAlc.liD Exu· IZB.l1M.O.:U22
Sugar Land, TX 77479                                                       ADORI'S!I·

 INSURED                                                                   I t:u!ifriM.:R 10 ··

                                                                 - - - - · - - - ____..:___Jt!~!!.S!Y!!l.~~.Q!t:!.C!£.<!..VERAG_L________ __'L -~'=-~---
                                                                                                                                                             100 39217
                                                                           ! INSURER A · QB!; !D!I![i!l!l!!! Cl![l!l!r!!!Jon

Drone Force Studios, LLC                                                   INSURER&:
1422 Kyle Hill Lane                                                        INSURERC:
Sugar Land, TX 77479                                                       INSURERO:
                                                                           INSURERE:

                                                                                                        INSURERF ·
THIS IS TO CERTIFY THAT THE POLICIES OF INSURANCE LISTED BELOW HAVE BEEN ISSUED TO THE INSURED NAMED ABOVE FOR THE POLICY PERIOD
INDICATED. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY REQUIREMENT, TERM OR CONDITION OF ANY CONTRACT OR OTHER DOCUMENT WITH RESPECT TO WHICH THIS
CERTIFICATE MAY BE ISSUED OR MAY PERTAIN, THE INSURANCE AFFORDED BY THE POLICIES DESCRIBED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO ALL THE TERMS,

EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH POLICIES. LIMITS SHOWN MAY HAVE BEEN REDUCED BY PAID CLAIMS.

IAIRPORT & FBO LIABILITY COVERAGES                      CERTIFICATE NUMBER· 1                            REVISION NUMBER· A

INSURER LETTER POLICY NUMBER                                     ~EFFECTIVEOA~1EXPIRAnON DATe    ADDinONAL INSURED? (YIN) JSUBROGA TION WAIVED? (YIN)

CAV-1004 QAV0002629                                                    04113/2015 04/13/2016     No No
                                    ----------- ---- -                                                                        fl  i  M  r  T  -  -  -  -  -  -  --  -A-P-PL-IES-T-O-
COVERAGE                                                OPTIONS            LIMIT                 8A-1PE-PAL.I-EPSE-RTO-
                                                                                                                               $                                    1'0
                                                        - -~--------~-----------                                         -

PREMISES LIABILI'N          7                                              s 1.000,000           EAOCC

PREMISES MEDICAL PAYMENTS    X                          u                  $ 5,000               EAPEP                        $ 50,000                              E.AOCC
PRODUCTS LIABILITY                                                                               81 EAPER                                                           AGGR
COMPLETED                          SALE OF FIJEL & OIL  u                  s                     EAOCC                        s
OPERATIONS                  f--                                            s
LIABILI'N                                               u
HANGARI<EEPERS                     EX I ENDED                              $                     81 EAPER                     $                                     AGGR
LEGAL LIABILI'N                   EXTENDED
                            1--                                            $ · - · - - " -)E-AO-C-C ---r--·---------- - - - · -
                                                                           $ EA.AIRCRAFT s EAOCC
                                   INCLUDING TA'<.I
                            f--

                                   IN FLIGHT

FIRS LEOAL UABIUTYIREHTED TD YOU X                                         $ 100,000             .AJ-I'f ONE FIRE

PERSONAL INJURY LIABILI'N   X                                              $ 1,000,000           EAOCC                        $ 1,000,000                           AGGR
ADVERTISING LIABILITY                                                                            EAOCC
                            X                                              s 1,000,000                                        $ 1,000,000                           AGGR
- - -CONTRACTUAL LIABILITY  X INCLIJ[)ED                                   s 1,000,000
                COVERAGE                                         EXClUDED                                                     s 1,000.000·------ - - - -

CODE      DESCRIPTION                                   OPTIONS            LIMIT                 APPLIES TO                   LIMrT                                 APPliES TO

                                                                           s                                                  s
                                                                                                                              s
                                                                           $
                                                                                                                              $
                                                                           s
                                                                           s                                                  s
                                                                           s                                                  s
                                                                           s                                                  s

DESCRIPTION OF OPERATIONS/ REMARKS (Attach ACORD 101, Additional Remarks Schedule, If more space Is required)

CERTIFICATE HOLDER                                                          CANCELLATION

To Whom it May Concern                                                     ~HOULD ANY OF THE ABOVE DESCRIBED POLICIES BE CANCELLED BEFORE
                                                                            HE EXPIRATION DATE THEREOF, NOTICE WILL BE DELIVERED IN

                                                                           ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICY PROVISIONS.

                 I                                                                               :x~/1                                                       TimWanasek
ACORD 20 (2009112)
                                                                                                                ® 2009 ACORD CORPORATION. All rfghts reserved.
                                          The ACORD name and logo are registered marks of ACORD

                            ACORDs provided by Forms Boss. www.FormsBoss.com; (c) Impressive Publishing 800-208-1977
