April 22, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11414
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0198

Ms. Leisa Adkins
President
DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
240 Trumpet Drive
West Carrollton, OH 45449

Dear Ms. Adkins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of DRONESTHATWORK, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial inspection of elevated structures for the electric utility industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an LB700 UAS.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DRONESTHATWORK, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                           3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DRONESTHATWORK, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the LB700 UAS when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                            UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                      FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                                    WASHINGTON, DC

                                                    REGULATORY DOCKET NO. ______________

                         IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                               DRONESTHATWORK,LLC

                FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                            TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

                      CONCERNING OPERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                                       PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE

                             FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request

Dear Sir or Madam,

DRONESTHATWORK, LLC respectfully submits that the proposed operations detailed within this petition
for exemption qualify for expedited approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012. The
operations outlined herein, and in the Petitioner's manuals, clearly define UAS operations in the NAS
that are under appropriately controlled conditions and within secure and sterile zones of operation.
Further, the proposed operations pose no significant safety risk to persons or property on the ground,
no risk to National Security, and would not constitute as an invasion of any persons reasonable
expectation of privacy.

Submitted on January 26, 2015

Leisa Adkins, President
DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
240 Trumpet Drive
West Carrollton, Ohio 45449
Tel: (937)474-2790

                               1
                                              TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS..................................................................................................................................3
SUMMARY..................................................................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION..........................................................................................................................................................4
BACKGROUND............................................................................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION...................................................................................................................................................5

          A) CONTACT INFORMATION OF PETITIONER...............................................................................................5
          B) THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          SEEKS EXEMPTION. .....................................................................................................................................5
          C) THE EXTENT OF RELIEF DRONESTHATWORK, LLC SEEKS AND THE REASON
          DRONESTHATWORK INC. SEEKS THE RELIEF AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY......................................9
          D) THE REASONS WHY GRANTING DRONESTHATWORK, LLC'S REQUEST WOULD
          BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST.........................................................................................................................14
          E) PRIVACY....................................................................................................................................................15
          F) SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER............................................................15
          G) ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
          TO SUPPORT DRONESTHATWORK, LLC'S REQUEST.....................................................................................15
CONCLUSION..............................................................................................................................................................16

                                                               2
             GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS

AGL          Above Ground Level
ATC          Air Traffic Control
COA          Certificate of Authorization
FAA          Federal Aviation Administration
FAR          Federal Aviation Regulation
FOMM         Flight Operations & Maintenance Manual
FSDO         Flight Standards District Office
JSA          Job Safety Analysis
NAS          National Airspace System
NERC         National American Electric Reliability Corporation
NTSB         National Transportation Safety Board
MOC          Management of Change
PIC          Pilot In Command
RF           Radio Frequency
Section 333  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR          Visual Flight Rules
VLOS         Visual Line-of-Sight
VMC          Visual Meteorological Conditions
VO           Visual Observer

             3
                                                                SUMMARY

          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of part 21, subpart H: part 27 and
Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (B), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a)
and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of 14 C.F.R.. This exemption would permit
DRONESTHATWORK, LLC to operate the LB700 Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") for the special purpose of aerial
inspection of elevated structures for the electric utility industry (or similar clients/uses) while always operating
under the core premise that ALL aviation related accidents are preventable.

                                                             INTRODUCTION

          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's UAS Program is directed by one of the World's most skilled, safe and
experienced small UAS pilots. Wendell J. Adkins has served as a Leader Member and Contest Director for the
Academy of Model Aeronautics and, in addition, has represented the United States in the FAI-F3C Helicopter
World Aeromodeling Championships, helping win a World Title for Team USA in 1993 in Velden Austria. Wendell
has flown in 22 U.S. FAI-F3C Helicopter National Championships and has made approximately 15,000 unmanned
sport aviation flights over the last 35 years, all without ever inflicting injury to any person or damaging the
property of another. Wendell has also worked as a small UAS consultant to both Veridian Engineering/General
Dynamics assisting with UAS sensor R&D projects and Northrop Grumman in support of Northrop's Beyond Line-
of-Sight Tactical UAV Communications Relay Project.

                                                             BACKGROUND

                                           Unmanned Aircraft System: LB700 Rotorcraft

          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC seeks an exemption to operate the LB700 UAS, Serial #001, #002, etc., for
compensation or hire within the national airspace ("NAS"). The LB700 UAS is comprised of a custom built, single
rotor, lithium-polymer battery-powered unmanned aircraft system and portable ground control station. The LB700
UAS has a maximum gross weight of approximately twenty (20) pounds, while having a main rotor diameter of
sixty-three (63) inches. The LB700 UAS derives its flight power from a single lithium-polymer battery-powered
brushless electric motor and has a maximum airspeed of 50 knots.

          NOTE: This request for exemption is in accordance with the proprietary procedures detailed in the
Petitioner's FOMM document enclosed. The FOMM is submitted as confidential under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as
the entire Manual contains confidential commercial information that the Petitioner has not and will not share
with others. The FOMM contains operating conditions and procedures that are not available to the public and
are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. § 552 et.seq.

                                                          BASIS FOR PETITION

          Petitioner, DRONESTHATWORK, LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14
C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special Rules for Certain
Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby formally petitions the Administrator for an exemption from the requirements
of part 21, subpart H: part 27 and Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (B), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109,
91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of 14
C.F.R..

          The proposed operations detailed within this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The operations outlined herein, and in the Petitioner's manuals, clearly define UAS

                                                               4
operations in the NAS that are under appropriately controlled conditions and within secure and sterile zones of
operation and pose no significant safety risk to persons or property on the ground, no risk to National Security, and
would not constitute as an invasion of any persons reasonable expectation of privacy.

          In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, DRONESTHATWORK, LLC provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name and Address of The Petitioner.

                     The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                     DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
                     Leisa Adkins, President
                     240 Trumpet Drive
                     West Carrollton, Ohio 45449
                     Tel: (937) 474-2790
                     Email: boomstrike@aol.com

B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 27, 45 and 91 From Which DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks
          Exemption.

          1. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirement of Section 14 C.F.R. §
                     45.23(b) entitled Display of marks; general, states the following:

          Section § 45.23 subsection (b), When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
          registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
          provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
          cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters no less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inched high, the words
          "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

          2. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) &
                     (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command, states the following:

          (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of any aircraft that is
          carrying passengers of property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or
          hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

          (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with
          any business or employment if:

                     (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment: and

                     (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          3. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil
                     Aircraft Airworthiness which states the following:

          (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

                                                               5
(b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that aircraft is in
condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical,
electrical, or structural conditions occur.

4. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. § Section 91.9 entitled Civil
          aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements, subsection (b) states the following:

(b) No person may operate a U.S. -registered civil aircraft--

          (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.15 of this chapter unless
          there is available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the
          manual provided for in § 121l141(b); and

          (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
          unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight
          Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

5. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.103 entitled
          Preflight Action, subsection (b)(1) states the following:

in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
available information concerning the flight, to include, "For any flight, runway lengths at airports of
intended use, and the following takeoff and landing distance information:...For civil aircraft for which
an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is
required, the takeoff and landing distance data contained therein."

6. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.109 entitled
          Flight Instruction; Simulated Instrument Flight and Certain Flight Tests, subsection (a) states
          the following:

No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functional dual controls. However, instrument flight instruction
may be given in an airplane that is equipped with a single , functioning throwover control wheel that
controls the elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls, when -...

7. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.119 entitled
          Minimum Safe Altitudes: General, states the following:

in pertinent part, that except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
below the following altitudes:

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or
sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

8. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.121 entitled
          Altimeter Settings, subsection (a) states the following:

in pertinent part, that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level
of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating -...

                                                     6
9. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.151(a) entitled
          Fuel Requirements For Flights in VFR Conditions, subsection (a) states the following:

(a) in pertinent part, that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed-

          (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

          (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

10. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From Section 91.203(a) and 91.203(b) entitled
          Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required, subsections (a) and (b) state the following:

(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the
following:

          (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used
          to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the applicable
          operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate sections of
          the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing that portion
          of the operations specifications issued under § 21.197(c), or an authorization under
          § 91.611 must have on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part
          47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned
          special identification number before 10 days after the number is first affixed to the
          aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification
          number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon application
          to an FAA Flight Standards District Office ("FSDO").

          (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United
          States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c), or a
          registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of
this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed in the cabin or cockpit
entrance so it is legible to passengers and crew.

11. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.405(a)
          entitled Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations, subsection (a) states the
          following:

in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in
subpart E of the same part and shall, between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
the same section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 of the chapter.

12. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.407(a)(1) entitled
Operation after Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)
(1) states the following:

                                                     7
in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has undergone maintenance unless it has
been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

13. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.409(a)(2) entitled
Inspections, subsection (a)(2) states the following:

in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar
months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
21 of this chapter.

14. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 21. Section 91.417(a) and (b)
          entitled Maintenance Records, subsections (a) and (b) state the following:

(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in
paragraph (b) of this section:

(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour,
annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft
(including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
include - (i) A description (or reference data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed: and
(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the
person approving the aircraft for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:

          (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

          (ii) The current status of life limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
          appliance.

          (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
          overhauled on a specified time basis.

          (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
          required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

          (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including,
          for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revisions date. If the
          AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
          required.

          (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of the chapter for each major alteration to the
          airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances. (b) The owner or
          operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

          (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
          repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

          (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred with
          the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                                                     8
                     (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this chapter
                     shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.

          15. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks Exemption From 14 C.F.R. Part 27 entitled
                     Airworthiness Standards for Normal Category Rotorcraft, states the following:

          (a) This part prescribes airworthiness standards for the issue of type certificates, and changes to those
          certificates, for normal category rotorcraft with maximum weights of 7,000 pounds or less and nine or
          less passenger seats.

C. The Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks The Relief.

          1. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
                     Seeks Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b).

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAV has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on
          which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Further, two inch lettering would adversely affect the flight
          performance and safe operation of the UAV.

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety will be assured by having the LB700 UAS marked "Experimental" along each
          side of the camera gimbal upper tube support structure in lettering as large as practicable which will
          prominently inform all parties of the unmanned aircraft's overall operating status.

          2. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
                     Seeks Relief From Section 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations:
                     Pilot in Command.

          Relief is requested because it is recognized that a certificated commercial pilot is required to meet
          statutory requirements to operate any aircraft in the NAS for commercial purposes or a private pilot
          certificate if "the flight is only incidental to the business or employment." Since the UAS is essential to
          performing the function of inspection of elevated structures, this exception does not apply. Accordingly,
          this petition seeks exemptions from the limitations of both § 61.113(a) & (b) in order that the LB700 UAS
          may be utilized for compensation and for hire when operated by a certificated private pilot.

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety will be assured by having the UAS operator hold a current private pilot's
          certificate when acting as PIC. Because the UAS carries no pilot or passengers, the proposed operations
          can achieve the equivalent level of safety intended by § 61.113(a) & (b) when operating as specified in the
          petitioner's FOMM. The FOMM sets forth procedures to secure the area of flight operations such that no
          nonessential personnel may enter the exclusion zone while flights are being conducted.

          3. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
                     Seeks Relief From Section § 91.7(a).

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS will not be issued a valid airworthiness certificate under this
          exemption request.

                                                               9
Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by performing inspections and maintenance in accordance
with the procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The DRONESTHATWORK, LLC lead pilot has 35
years of experience building and maintaining fundamentally similar unmanned aircraft as well as 4 years
of maintenance records specifically for the LB700 UAS.

4. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.9(b).

Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS weighs approximately twenty (20) pounds at is maximum
gross weight and cannot carry the approved Rotorcraft Flight Manual onboard. Furthermore, since the
LB700 UAS is unmanned, the flight crew members are located at the ground control station.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by making the petitioner's approved FOMM available at the
ground control station, where it is immediately available for reference by the flight crew any time the
LB700 UAS is being operated.

The approved FOMM will be made available within 7 days to any FAA, U.S. Department of Defense,
Department of Homeland Security, or law enforcement official upon request.

5. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.103 entitled Preflight Action.

Relief is requested because the information that the PIC is required to review prior to flight operations,
such as runway lengths and takeoff and landing distance data, do not apply to the operation of the LB700
UAS unmanned rotorcraft. Further, the FOMM will not be kept on board the aircraft as noted in the
petitioners request for relief from Section § 91.9(b) above.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured through strict adherence to the extensive preflight checklist
detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The PIC is responsible for performing all inspections and taking all
actions required to assure that both the UAS and the operating environment are suitable for safe
operations prior to launch.

6. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.109 entitled Flight Instruction.

          Relief is requested because the LB700 is a remotely piloted unmanned rotorcraft and, as such, is
          not equipped with fully functional dual controls on board and carries no pilot or passengers. The
          UAS is instead operated by the PIC via a single RF command and control transmitter.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured through providing flight instruction using ground based
master/slave RF command and control transmitters and performing training flights in a secure and sterile
environment at least 500 feet away from any nonessential, non-participating personnel.

                                                    10
7. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.119 entitled Minimum Safe Altitudes:

          Relief is requested because the primary purpose and advantage of the LB700 UAS is to perform
          close proximity inspections of elevated structures that cannot otherwise be safely accomplished
          using manned aircraft without risking damage to either the structure and/or the manned aircraft.
          The UAS will typically be positioned at a horizontal distance of approximately 25 feet from the
          structure being inspected, and so, will be typically operating closer than 500 feet from the
          structure being inspected and, as such, will require an exemption to this requirement.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured due to the absence of flammable fuel, along with the
inherent small size, weight and limited potential kinetic energy of the LB700 UAS. Utilization of a UAS
for the purpose of close proximity structural inspections poses minimal risk of damage to the
structures being inspected and other equipment on the ground surrounding the area of operations. In
addition, strict adherence to the secure and sterile exclusion zone of operations, along with the collision
avoidance procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM, assure that risk to persons and property on the
ground are minimized.

As detailed in the petitioner's FOMM, flight operations will only be conducted on properties with
written approval of the owner and/or authorized governing body. Considering the LB700 UAS will
only be operated below 400 feet AGL, and within 25 feet from the structures being inspected, risks to
manned aircraft is minimized. While a UAS is always required to yield to manned aircraft, conversely
manned aircraft are advised to avoid the facilities to be inspected by the UAS under contract. Specifically,
the FAA strongly advises that - "in the interest of national security and to the extent practicable, pilots
are strongly advised to avoid the airspace above, or in proximity to, such sites as power plants (nuclear,
hydro-electric, or coal), dams, refineries, industrial complexes, military facilities and other similar
facilities."

DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's lead pilot, being a retired Electric Utility Manager, is intimately
knowledgeable of NERC best practices and clearly understands how to operate the LB700 UAS in a
manner that will not unduly risk the reliable operation of any bulk electric generating facility.

It must be emphasized that large industrial complexes, and in particular, large bulk electric generating
stations are inherently secure environments due to NERC requirements regarding national security.
Considering this, the ability to control a secure flight operations perimeter is greatly enhanced when
compared to any other public environment.

8. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.121(a) entitled Altimeter Settings:

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS is not equipped with a barometric altimeter than can
          be corrected to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. Rather, the LB700
          UAS will utilize either the GPS altitude indicator and/or the physical height of the structure being
          inspected as a reference not-to-exceed elevation.

                                                    11
Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by following the process detailed in the petitioner's
FOMM for altitude monitoring. The most accurate and reliable method is to verify the as-built
elevation of the structure from final, approved construction drawings. Upon reaching the vertical limit of
the structure of known height, the camera operator will alert the PIC to stop climbing and descend upon
obtaining visual confirmation from the live video downlink that the top of the structure has been reached.

9. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.151(a) entitled Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions:

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS is battery powered with a flight duration of
          approximately 10 minutes and, as such, requires an exemption to the 30 minute reserve fuel
          requirement.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by limiting all flights to 10 minutes or 25% remaining battery
capacity, whichever occurs first. In addition, the petitioner's FOMM sets forth procedures to secure the
area of flight operations such that no nonessential personnel may enter the exclusion zone while flights
are being conducted.

10. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.203(a) and (b) entitled Civil Aircraft:

Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS is unmanned and, as such, has no cabin, cockpit, pilot station,
or entrances thereto. Therefore, the flight crew member is located at the ground control station and no
passengers are carried at any time. The petitioner has previously requested relief from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness in this submittal.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by locating the required documentation at the ground control
station, where it is immediately available to the flight crew member PIC of the LB700 UAS any time the
unmanned aircraft is operating.

The documents specified must be made available within 7 days to any FAA, U.S. Department of Defense,
Department of Homeland Security, or law enforcement official upon request.

11. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.405(a) entitled Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance,
          Alterations.

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS will not be issued an FAA airworthiness type
          certificate.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by performing inspections and maintenance in
accordance with the procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The DRONESTHATWORK, LLC

                                                    12
lead pilot has 35 years of experience building and maintaining fundamentally similar
unmanned aircraft as well as 4 years of maintenance records specifically for the LB700 UAS.

12. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91.407(a)(1) entitled Operation after Maintenance, preventive
          maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS will not be issued an FAA airworthiness type
          certificate.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by performing inspections and maintenance in
accordance with the procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
lead pilot has 35 years of experience building and maintaining fundamentally similar
unmanned aircraft as well as 4 years of maintenance records specifically for the LB700 UAS.

13. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91. 409(a)(2) entitled Inspections.

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS will not be issued an FAA airworthiness type
          certificate.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by performing inspections and maintenance in
accordance with the procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
lead pilot has 35 years of experience building and maintaining fundamentally similar
unmanned aircraft as well as 4 years of maintenance records specifically for the LB700 UAS.

14. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From Section § 91. 417(a) and (b) entitled Maintenance Records.

          Relief is requested because the LB700 UAS will not be issued an FAA airworthiness type
          certificate.

Equivalent Level of Safety

An equivalent level of safety will be assured by performing inspections and maintenance in
accordance with the procedures detailed in the petitioner's FOMM. The DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
lead pilot has 35 years of experience building and maintaining fundamentally similar
unmanned aircraft as well as 4 years of maintenance records specifically for the LB700 UAS.

15. Extent Of Relief DRONESTHATWORK, LLC Seeks And The Reason DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
          Seeks Relief From 14 C.F.R. § 21.185.

          Relief is requested from the airworthiness certificate requirements of the Federal Aviation
          Regulations. The petitioner proposes to commercially operate the LB700 UAS without an
          airworthiness certificate, for the special purpose of conducting inspections of elevated
          structures for the electric utility industry (or similar clients and uses). Flight operations will

                                                    13
                     only be conducted on clients private property with approval, pursuant to specific operating
                     limitations and a Flight Operations & Maintenance Manual ("FOMM"). DRONESTHATWORK, LLC
                     seeks relief from the airworthiness certificate requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 21.185 to the extent
                     that the LB700 UAS, which has not been type certificated by the FAA, may be operated as if it
                     were a restricted category aircraft for a single, defined, special purpose operation, specifically,
                     (aerial inspection of elevated structures).

          Equivalent Level of Safety

          An equivalent level of safety will be assured because operation of the LB700 UAS will not create
          a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
          Further, Section 333 provided the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
          certification. Specifically, Section 333 states the following, in part:

                     (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under subsection
                     (a), the Secretary, shall determine, at a minimum--

                     (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed,
                     operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
                     of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a
                     threat to national security; and

                     (2)whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification
                     under section 44704, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft
                     systems identified under paragraph (1).

          The proven safe operational history of DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's. Lead Pilot over the past 35 years flying
          fundamentally similar unmanned rotorcraft, as well as the specific parameters of the
          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's intended operation pursuant to this exemption, demonstrate that the LB700
          UAS can be operated in the NAS without creating a hazard to other aircraft or persons or property on the
          ground. All operations shall be performed in strict adherence to the provisions set forth in the
          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's. Flight Operations & Maintenance Manual ("FOMM"). Accordingly, the FAA
          may approve the LB700 UAS , without an airworthiness certificate, by setting forth specific operating
          limitations to ensure a level of safety equivalent to what would be provided otherwise by airworthiness
          certification.

D. The Reasons Why Granting DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's Request Would Be In The Public
          Interest:

          Granting the present Petition for Exemption will further the public interest by providing a much more
          thorough and comprehensive conditional assessment of aging electric utility infrastructure (or similar
          clients/uses). Utilities and other similar industries rely on accurate inspection data in order to make
          intelligent and timely run/repair/retire decisions of critical structures. The U.S. still relies heavily on fossil
          fuel powered electric generation to supply the country's energy needs. These plants were designed for a
          useful service life of 25 years on average. The vast majority have now significantly exceeded this milepost
          through the use of life extension programs and EPA mandated environmental upgrades.

                                                              14
          It is important that the large critical structures these plants rely on receive regular condition assessments
          in order to prevent catastrophic failures and potential lost generation. This is vital in order for utilities to
          continue to safely provide reliable energy to the nation's power grid and, consequently, enhance national
          security. Additionally, use of the LB700 UAS replaces the need to put the lives of ironworkers at high risk
          using rope access to provide an inspection that is far less thorough, yet more costly and hazardous to
          human life to perform. The LB700 can typically inspect 100% of the exterior of a large structure in one
          fourth the time required for a human to physically inspect 10% of the same area.

E. PRIVACY

          Flight operations will only be performed on private property with written consent of the owner or
          governing body. Since the sole purpose of each flight is to inspect a structure - gathering images of any
          other object, for any other purpose, is both unwarranted and unwanted.

F. SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER

          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of part 21, subpart H: part 27 and
          Sections 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (B), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a),
          91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of 14 C.F.R.. This exemption
          would permit DRONESTHATWORK, LLC to operate the LB700 Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") for the
          special purpose of performing aerial inspections of elevated structures for the electric utility industry (or
          similar clients/uses) while always operating under the core premise that ALL aviation related accidents are
          preventable.

          Utilities and other similar industries rely on accurate conditional assessments in order to make intelligent
          and timely run-repair-retire decisions of critical structures. This is vital and critical in order for utilities to
          continue to safely provide reliable energy to the nation's power grid and, consequently, enhance national
          security. Use of the LB700 UAS replaces the need to put the lives of ironworkers at risk by using rope
          access to provide an inspection that is far less thorough, yet more costly and hazardous to human
          life to perform. The LB700 can typically inspect 100% of the exterior of a large structure in one fourth
          the time required for a human to physically inspect 10% of the same area. Additionally, the close
          proximity inspections proposed in this request cannot be safely performed using full size aircraft.

          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC is uniquely qualified to perform this work as its lead pilot has 35 years
          experience as a professional in both designing, building, maintaining and piloting unmanned aircraft,
          combined with 35 years experience inspecting and/or managing large-scale critical infrastructure
          inspections for one of the world's largest global electric utilities.

G. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT DRONESTHATWORK,
          LLC'S REQUEST.

          1. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's Lead Pilot Has Been Safely Operating UAS's for 35 Years.

                                                              15
          The skills required to become an FAI World Championship caliber unmanned aircraft pilot are
          considerable. They include spending thousands of hours designing, building, maintaining and
          remotely piloting aircraft at the highest possible level over many years. All of these skills are
          identical to those required to safely operate a UAS in an industrial environment. The LB700 UAS
          is fundamentally similar in design and performance to the remotely piloted aircraft flown by
          DRONESTHATWORK, LLC's Lead Pilot in aeromodeling competition for 22 years between 1980 to
          2002.

2. The Specifications Of The LB700 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

          The LB700 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public considering its size,
          weight, speed, and intended operation. Further, these same operational characteristics assures
          that its operation poses no threat to national security. The specifications of the LB700 are
          detailed within the FOMM submitted as part of this petition.

          Petitioner submits the FOMM manual as a confidential document under 14 C.F.R. 11.35(b) as
          the entire manual contains proprietary information that the petitioner has not and will not
          share with others. The manual contains non-public information and is protected from release
          under the Freedom of Information Act 5 USA 552 et.seq.

3. The secure and sterile flight operations zone maintained clear of all non-essential personnel.

          Electric Generating Stations, for example, are typically very space-limited. Establishing large 500
          foot exclusion zones is not always practicable as it would shut down critical plant operations. A
          200 foot exclusion zone exceeds that used by 250 foot tall construction cranes making OSHA
          defined "critical lifts" of hundreds of tons. This distance is more than double the minimum
          distance spectators must be spaced away from an aerobatic flightline at an RC aerobatic event as
          sanctioned by the Academy of Model Aeronautics. This distance has been used for decades at
          thousands of AMA sanctioned events and has been proven reasonable for remotely piloted
          aircraft of larger size performing aerobatic maneuvers. The petitioner's FOMM details
          administrative procedures for assuring the safety of persons and property on the ground while
          employing a continuously monitored 200 foot exclusion zone for nonessential personnel.

                                                      CONCLUSION

DRONESTHATWORK, LLC lead pilot has literally accumulated a lifetime of practical experience in all
aspects of small unmanned aerial vehicles. While procedures and processes are critical components to
safely operating a UAS in an industrial environment, experience and good judgment play equally
important roles. In a rapidly growing industry, where the trends all point towards reliance upon "plug and
play" technology, rather than demonstrated piloting skills and technical experience, DRONESTHATWORK,
LLC believes that the airman's knowledge it has accumulated could prove beneficial to the FAA's efforts
going forward.

DRONESTHATWORK, LLC has applied the principles of Stop Work Authority, Management of Change,
Continuous Improvement and Near-Miss Tracking to great advantage with tangible results on safe UAS
operations. DRONESTHATWORK, LLC would welcome the opportunity to share these processes,
procedures, operating data, or any other information, that is non-proprietary in nature, in an effort to
advance the goal of safe integration of small commercial unmanned aerial systems into the NAS.

                                                    16
