September 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12947
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2562

Mr. Brad Robey
Owner
Drone Ad Sales, LLC
1969 Soute Beverly Glen Boulevard
Suite #101
Los Angeles, CA 90025

Dear Mr. Robey:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Drone Ad Sales, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, video, and survey for various marketing industries..

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Drone Ad Sales, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Drone Ad Sales, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Drone Ad Sales, LLC

1969 S. Beverly Glen Blvd
Suite #101
Los Angeles, CA 90025

Docket Operations, M-30
U.S. Department of Transportation
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE.
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012
(the "Reform Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Drone Ad Sales, LLC (Operator)
seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow
commercial operations of their UASs (Unmanned Aerial Systems) for the
purpose of conducting aerial photography, video, and survey for various
marketing industries.

[Ugarding, the Unmanned Aircraft Svstems

       1. The requested exemption would support an application for a
commercial Certificate of Authorization (COA) to use the below described
UAS, so long as operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section
333. Like the FAA, it is the Operator's mission to provide the safest and most
efficient means of Civil Commercial implementation into the National Airspace
System (NAS). Furthermore, the Operator is comprised of members with the
equivalent of a FAA Commercial Certificate or higher adding an additional
layer of high regard for safe operations as well as the necessary high-level of
understanding of the NAS and FARs.
       ,.,. Dll Inspire 1 - Reference Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.0

       · The Inspire 1 is a quadcopter UAS capable of capturing 4K video and
transmitting an HD video signal to a ground station. Equipped with retractable
landing gear, it can capture an unobstructed 360 degree view from its camera.
The built-in camera has an integrated gimbal to maximize stability and weight
efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS signal is available, Vision
Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

2. Reference Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual v 1.0

3. Reference Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.0 [FCC Compliance - Appendix
Pg62]

Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft PIC

4. Operator proposes to operate its UASs with a pilot holding, at a minimum, a
private pilot certificate.

       · The UAS PIC will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the
       UAS to be operated. This will include operation of the UAS both in
       normal and emergency modes of operation, and will include
       familiarization with the user manual published by the UAS manufacturer.
      Training will also include types of maneuvers to be performed and the
       safe operation in relation to persons, property and applicable airspace.

      · The PIC must have accumulated a minimum of 100 flight cycles and 25
      hours of total time as a UAS pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS 's
      pilot with a similar UAS type.

       · All operations must utilize Visual Observers (VOs). VOs who are not
      pilots will attend ground training to understand the roles of an observer,
      communication procedures, and proper visual scan techniques, operations
      at non-towered airports, and appropriate sections of the Aeronautical
      Information Manual.
5. The PIC must possess at least a third-class airman medical certificate
for all of petitioner's flight operations.

Regarding the Operation ofthe Unmanned AircrafJ.

6. Operator proposes Civil Commercial operation of an UAS to operate in
the following manner:

       · Aerial photography and/or video for public and/or private use
       including real estate, architecture, land surveying, engineering and
       other related professional commercial marketing activities.

       · Aerial video and/or photography for public and/or private use
      including television, public events, cinematography and news
       gathering.

       · Aerial inspection/photography of residential/commercial
      structures under contract with the owners or local government
      authority.

       · Aerial inspection/photography of residential/commercial utility
      infrastructure including but not limited to electrical power lines,
      wind turbines and cell towers.

      · Aerial video/photography or providing live video feed (so as long
      as all other parameters are met contained herein) to assist with
      search and rescue operations in cases of an emergency or natural
      disaster only when the local authorities or government has requested
      it by contract or donation.

                                                     jf3
        · The ability to offer training to persons individually or belonging
       to both private and/or public organizations that have interests in the
       use and application of a UAS for the purpose of the safe operation
       of a UAS to enhance the safety of the National Airspace System
       (NAS) as well as for the protection of the persons and property.

       · For additional operator adherence:
           o Reference-Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines v1.0

       7. The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 29
       knots (15 m/s). The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more
       than 400 feet above ground level (AGL). The UA may not be
       operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
       horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute
       miles from the PIC. UAS operations may not be conducted during
       night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.

 All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological
conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are
not authorized.

· A briefing will be performed regarding the planned UAS operations
prior to each day's flight consisting of all the days' production activities.

· Flights will be terminated at 20% battery power.
       8. As described fully above, the requested exemption would permit the
       operation of an UAS under controlled conditions in the NAS that would
       be a) limited b) controlled c) predetermined and d) will provide safety
       enhancements to the already safe operations in the industry presently
       using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby
       enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
       Administrator's) responsibilities to" ....establish requirements for the safe
       operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

Given the small size of the UAS and the controlled environment provided, the
proposed operations will adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. The
approval of this application presents no national security issues. Regarding the
level of safety surrounding the proposed operations and the public benefit,
reduction in environmental impacts, including but not limited to reduced
emissions and noise, the grant of the requested exemption is in the public
interest.

9. The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference
point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter
of agreement with the airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM), as required by
the operator's COA.

10. The UAS must be operated within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the
PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement
as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must
be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
not permitted during flight operations.

11. Reference- Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines v1.0

12. Operator's Point of Contact- Mr. Brad Robey (31 0)-890-2028

1969 S. Beverly Glen Blvd. Suite #101
Los Angeles, CA 90025
13. Operator will obtain required COAs once exemption is granted.

Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level ofSafi.IY.

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203

(a)(1)

Based on the limited size, weight, operating conditions, design safety features,
and the imposed conditions and limitations, Operator has demonstrated that its
operations would not adversely affect safety compared to similar operations
conducted with aircraft that have been issued an airworthiness certificate under
14 CFR part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, as the FAA found for Astraeus Aerial,
Exemption 11062, the requested relief from 14 CFR Part 21, and any
associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is not
necessary.

14 CFR § 45.23 (b) - Display of marks

Since Operator's UAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on
which the markings can be placed, two inch lettering will be impossible.
Official marking systems for small UAS have not yet been established for
operations inside the NAS.

Operator is prepared to mark the UAS with the name of the organization and
location nor origin and fulfill any other request by the FAA to this topic in
accordance with 45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with
the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS. The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation, see Exemption Nos. 8738, 10167,
10167A and 10700.

14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b)- Private pilot privileges and limitations

This regulation provides:

(a) This regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate
may act as pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire.
(b) This allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental
to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers
or property for compensation or hire.

All the requirements of a private pilot certificate will prepare the UAS operator
for the environment that they will be operating in.

*Please reference Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus),
the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating a UAS
would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to
persons or property on the ground.

14 CFR § 91.7 (a) & (b)- Civil aircraft airworthiness

This regulation provides:

(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

(b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining
whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall
discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural
conditions occur.

While the operator's UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate, operator
is required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy condition - based on
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight. As previously
determined with Astraeus Aerial, Exemption 11062, relevant materials may be
kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

14 CFR § 91.9 (b)(2)- Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, marking, and placard
requirements
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)- Civil aircraft: Certifications required

As previously determined with Astraeus Aerial, Exemption 11062, relief from
these sections are not necessary. Relevant materials may be kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.

14 CFR § 91.109- Flight instruction: Simulated instrument flight and
certain flight tests

This regulation provides that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is
being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls."

The controls for a UAS do not currently have a set of fully functioning dual
controls. If a UAS's pilot is being trained, the pilot performing the training
would be directly supervising and could take over the controls from the pilot in
training if the need arose. This would be similar to the technique of a "throw-
over type" control wheel in some fixed wing aircraft. We feel that this
technique meets the intent 91 .109 and provides an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR § 91.119- Minimum safe altitudes

This regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot
be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Since the typical mission of this UAS would be photography or survey of
persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it would be necessary to operate closer
than 500 feet to the items listed. Operations will only be flown over property or
persons where permission has been obtained, and careful pre-planning has been
performed. Further, UAS aircraft operate at a very slow airspeed, and a low
mass, and do not need as much space to operate safely, as outlined in 91.119.
We believe the slower speed, smaller mass and careful pre-planning would
provide an equivalent level of safety. Furthermore, Operator can place barriers
and/or structures to sufficiently protect nonparticipating person from the UA or
debris in the event of an accident.
14 CFR § 91.121- Altimeter settings

This regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by
reference to an altimeter setting available within 100 nautical miles of the
aircraft.

The UAS will normally be flying close to the ground, and in line of sight of the
PIC or an observer. This line of sight operation will provide separation from
other aircraft, obstructions and terrain providing an equivalent level of safety.
Additionally, the altitude information generated by onboard GPS equipment
installed on the aircraft will aid in estimating the altitude.

14 CFR § 91.151- Fuel requirements for Hight in VFR conditions

This regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
day- VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the
intention of this paragraph it to provide a reasonable reserve of energy to plan
for a safe landing should there be a delay in landing. Given the close proximity
to the ground station, the ability for the UAS to land in a very small space and
the built in energy level monitoring of the UAS there is a resulting equivalent
level of safety if the flight is planned to be completed with 20% battery energy
remaining. We request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an
equivalent interpretation with the word "energy".

14 CFR § 91.205 (b)- Powered civil aircraft with standard category U.S.
airworthiness certificates: Instrument and equipment requirements

Since the Operator's UAS does not have a standard category U.S. airworthiness
certificate, relief from 14 CFR § 91.205 is not necessary.
14 CFR § 91.215- ATC transponder and altitude reporting equipment and
use

Section 91.215 (b)(3) includes provision for aircraft not originally certificated
with an engine-driven electrical system or which has not subsequently been
certified with such a system installed. For UAS not equipped with a
transponder, sub-paragraph (d)(3) authorizes requests for ATC authorized
deviations made to the ATC facility having jurisdiction over the concerned
airspace within the time periods specified. For operation of an aircraft that is
not equipped with a transponder, the request must be made at least one hour
before the proposed operation.

14 CFR § 91.401-91.417- Maintenance, preventive maintenance, and
alterations

This regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for
maintaining the aircraft in an airworthy condition, including compliance with
part 39 and 43. Operator believes that adherence to their documents containing
preflight and post- flight checks for the UAS is sufficient to ensure that safety is
not adversely affected.

Respectfully, Is/

                                (o-j 8- J5

Brad Robey
Owner, Drone Ad Sales, LLC Phone: (888)-688-0024
e-mail: Info@DroneAdSales.com
INSPIRE 1                                                                                                                                   Remote Controller

The Inspire 1 is a professional aerial filmmaking and photography platfomn that    is ready to fly tight out of the box. Featurtng          The maximum transmission distance of the Inspire     1 remote controller is 2km'. The remote controller also allows you to
an onboard camera equipped with a 20mm lens and 3-axls stabilized gimbal, It       shoots sharp 12mp stills ard stable video at             control the landing gear or activate Return to Home  with a tap. Other buttons allow instant photo capture, video recording,
up to 4K. Its retractable larding gear pulls up out of view, giving the camera ar  unobstructed 360 degree view of the world                picture review and gimbal control.
below.
                                                                                                                                            sAfrrteuiyganDnwl tJatihimImli,lLeeaeignooHhdtfhDtbahe.rapriTdvpchegrooeenax-atbicrmpoaoplasmsteaetmdhllsyeuoHtnogaDiucilmloarvwtbihidoaosenluoyirnrosaddunoeagtwnpoedencnwlchidnaiatekhnnngitsebleyaeb.ccucThaihhlmtoa-eItrenhgmr,eeaarldessotetbtfeitnyturignppaglnytusoodgua5gsn0ilsnadegvmeaedecwcittreiovehrnacasttt.trelTyoyhlMloIeenuartoscrsotcctenhaortem/mrSocelmlaloreavnure'tnsrsoimecLlelaIeoPstrdeo.eoubnssaoiytntoteghurayratm5hoa.on8sbeGialhpemzedrwaseoxivrinemiclceeuasminsn
A1 advanced flight  controller makes    the Inspire 1 stable,       safe and easy to    fly indoors or  out.  The brand       new Vision
Positioning System  gives it the power  to hover In position at     low altitudes even  without GPS.    Like  all DJI flight  controllers,

it is also able to return home If remote controller signal is lost or if the low battery warning is triggered.

The Inspire 1 boasts a maximum flight   speed    22m/s'  and  a maximum  flight  time   of  18  minutes*      using  one  tully  charged                                                         1. Power Button
4500mAh Intelligent Flight Battery.                                                                                                                                                              2. Transformation Switch
                                                                                                                                                                                                 3. Return to Home (RTH) Button
                                                                                                                                                                                                 4. Control Slicks
                                                                                                                                                                                                 5. Status LED
                                                                                                                                                                                                 6. Battery Level LEOs
                                                                                                                                                                                                 7. Power Port
                                                                                                                                                                                                 8. Mobile Device Holder
                                                                                                                                                                                                 9.Antennas

                                                                                                                                            Folded

-~                                                              '                                                                           11. Gimbal Dial
                                                                                                                                            12. Camera Settings Dial
                                                      ·~' ' '                                                                               13. Video Recording Button
                                                                                                                                            14. Flight Mode Switch
                                                  Travel Mode                                                                               15. Shutter Button
                                                                                                                                            16. Playback Button
--~~.               "·'·· -.. };"""''' ·.). .... ~:ndingFlightMode  1. Gimbal and Camera                9. Intelligent Flight Battery       17. Mini-HOM! Port
                                                         Gear Down  2. Camera Micro-SO Card Slot        10. Power Button                    18. Micro-USB Port
                                                                    3. Vision Positioning System        11. Battery Level Indicators        19. CAN-Bus Port
                    ___V. . .'·.':.·<.::.)Jf!ii                     4. Transformation Mechanism         12. Aircran Status Indicator        20. USB Port
                                                                    5. Front LEOs                       13. Aircraft Micro-USB Port         21. Back Bullons (Reserved)
                                                                    6.Motors                            14. Camera Micro-USB Port
                                                                    7. Propellers                       15. Gimbal Lock                     *Please note that the max transmission distance were tested in a lab environment. This statistic is for reference only, as conditions in your
                                                                    8. Rear LEOs                                                              area may vary.
                                                  Landing Modo

*Please note that maximum flight speed and maximum run time were tested in a lab environment. These statistics are for reference only, as
 conditions in your area may vary.
Fly Safe                                                                                                                                              Appendix

· Calibrating the Compass                                                                                                                             · Aircraft (Model: T600)

Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to electromagnetic interference,                       Weight (Battery Included)       2935g                                                            /~.
which can cause abnormal compass data leading to pocr flight performanca or even failure. Regular caiibration is required for
optimum performance. Recallbrate the compass when: a) The Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow. b) Flying in a                        Maximum Weight of Payload 3400g
new location.
· DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as magnetite, parking                                   Max Tilt Angle                  35'

  structures, and steel reinforcements underground.                                                                                                   Max Ascent Speed                5m/s
· DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
· DO NOT calibrate baside massive metal objects.                                                                                                      Max Descent Speed               4m/s
· If the Flight Status LED is showing solid red, then try to calibrate again. If It is blinking red and yellow alternately after placing
                                                                                                                                                      Max Speed                       22m/s (ATTl mode, no wind)
  the aircraft on the ground, the compass has detected magnetic interference. Change your location.
                                                                                                                                                      Max Flight Altitude             4500m

                                                                                                                                                      Max Flight Time                 Approximately 18 minutes

                                                                                                                                                      Operating Temperature Range -10'C to 40'C

· PMode:                                                                    ~   .tiiiO          ~                                                     · Gimbal (Model: ZENMUSE X3)    ±0,03'
                                                                                                                                                       Angular Vibration Range        Pitch: -90' to +30' Pan: ± 320'
Safe to fty. In this mode, the Inspire 1 has a strong GPS signal and           GPS Positioning  '"··<~.                                                Controllable Range             Pitch: 120'/s Pan: 180'/s
can use the Vision Positioning System allowing it to hover accurately                                                                                  Max Controllable Speed
in position indoors and out. If outdoors, this mode also means that a
Home Point has been locked so that it can Return to Home if the                                                                                       · Vision Positioning            <Sm/s (Altitude 2m)
control signal is lost.                                                                                                                                Velocity Range                 5cm-500cm
                                                                                                                                                       Altnude Range                  Surface with clear pattern and adequate lighting (Lux> 15)
Q     If you are not in this mode, toggle the Flight                                                                                                   Operating Environment          0-250 em
      Mode Switch to P position to enable It,                                                                                                          Operating Range
'C)
      The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default.                                                                                          · Camera (Name/Model: X3/FC350)
      Refer to the User Manual on how to unlock the switch.
                                                                                                                                                      Sensor                          Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels:12.4M (total pixels: 12.76M)

                                                                                                                                                      Lens FOV (Field Of View) 94' 20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 Focus at oo

                                                                                                                                                      ISO Range                       100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)

There are three states in P mode.                                                                                                                     Electronic Shutter Speed        8 s-1/8000 s
P-GPS: GPS works best when outdoors in a wide open area, and
your Inspire 1 uses GPS to hover in place when the GPS signal is                                 i                                                    Image Max Size                  4000x3000
strong. P-OPTI: If GPS is not available, the aircraft can use the
Vision Positioning System to hover accurately. P-ATTI: Neither                                  ~Vision Positioning                                   Still Photography Modes         Single shoot; Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
GPS or Vision Positioning System available, aircraft Is using only
Its barometer for positioning, so only altitude is controlled.                                  W Altitude 2.5 m                                                                      Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0. 7EV Bias; Time-lapse
Note that the Vision Positioning System may not work properly when
the Inspire 1 is flying over water, over surtaces without a clear pattern,                       I                                                    Video Recording Modes           UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30

or in a low light environment.                                                                   ~                                                                                    FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60 HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

                                                                                                                                                      Max Bitrate Of Video Storage 60Mbps

                                                                                                                                                      Supported File Formats          FAT32/exFAT Photo: JPEG, DNG Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                                                                                                                                                      Supported SD Card Types         Micro SD, Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required

                                                                                                                                                      Operating Temperature Range 0'Cto40'C

1---      Return to home  · Return to Home:                                                                                                           · Remote Controller (Name: C1)  922.?MHz-927,7MHz (Japan only) 5.728GHz-5.850 GHz 2.400GHz-2.483GHz
                                                                                                                                                       Operating Frequency            2km (outdoor and unobstructed)
I                         When the GPS signal is strong, the aircraft will be able to record a                                                         Transmitting Distance          USB, Mini-HDMI
 I                        Home Point and return to the Home Point when needed, The GPS                                                                 Video Output Port              -10'Cto40'C
 I                        location is recorded when the GPS signal Icon in the DJI Pilot app is                                                        Operating Temperature Range    6000mAh LiPo 2S
 I                        either yellow or green.                                                                                                      Battery
I                         The aircraft will return to the Home Point automatically in the following
I                         cases (all require a strong GPS signal).                                                                                    · Charger (Modei:A14-100P1A)
                          Smart RTH: When you press the RTH button on the remote controller
t                         or in the App. Low Battery RTH: The DJI Pilot app notifies users to take                                                    Voltage                         26.3V
                          action when the battery level falls to a specified threshold.
                          Fejisafe RTH: When the remote controller signal Is lost.                                                                    Rated Power                     1DOW

       · While returning home, Ita altitude can be adjusted by the uaer to avoid obstructions. Tall bUikUngo may affect the"""""' controller algnal.  · Intelligent Flight Battery (Model: TB47, Standard)

A nThe Falloafo Relum to Home procedure will be triggered the slgnat Is lost Be sure fly higher than any nearby bulkllngo to avoid crat~hlng.         Capacity                        4500mAh

· Flight Limits:                                                                                                                                      Voltage                         22.2V

The Inspire 1 is not permitted to fty within no-fty zones as specified                                                                                Battery Type                    LiPo 68 High voltage battery                                                     I~
by local laws and regulations. Please visit here:
                                                                                                                                                      Energy                          99.9Wh
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe for more information.
                                                                                                                                                      Net Weight                      570g
--· Environmental Considerations:
                                                                                                                                                      Operating Temge                 -10'C to40'C
1. Do not fly in severe weather conditions. This includes high wind, snow, rain and smog.
2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass and GPS signal.                         Max Charging Power              180W
3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
4. Minimize electromagnetic lntetierence by not flying in areas with high levels of electromagnetism, including mobile                                · lnteHigent Flight Battery (Model: TB4B, Optional)

   phone base stations or radio transmission towers.                                                                                                  Capacity                        5700mAh                                                                       71rmr'
5. Aircraft and battery perfomnance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and temperature. Ba very careful when
                                                                                                                                                      Voltage                         22.BV                                       (1313 £ RoHS 1(
  ~ying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate In Pmode or use GPS at polar latitudes. It only can fly In ATTI mode and use the Vision Position-                     Battery Type                    LiPo 68 High voltage battery                FCC ID: SS3-WM6'101410 FCC 10: SS3-GL6581410
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Thb devlee eompll" with pert 15 of the FCC Ruin.
   ing System.                                                                                                                                        Energy                          129.6Wh                                     O~r~tlon is subjKt to the Following two ~011ditlom·
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (l)ThisdeYictmllynotc&useharmfulirnatfltf'enca,tnd
                                                                                                                                                      Net Weight                      670g                                        (2) this device mutt tceapt ·nv interfero&neo r~~eelvad, including intorfeWICI'i

                                                                                                                                                      Operating Temge                 -10'C to 40'C                                   thatm&y<;auttu!'ldllllr·doparalion.

                                                                                                                                                      Max Charging Power              180W

                                                                                                                                                      * This Quick Start Guide is subject to change without prior notice.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       YC.&Z.St0\01
                                                                                            -'------'-'--'-----'--'  '-'-'--~-"-"--""'=t..c,~~"--"--''-'------'

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      c!J·

7. Mounting the Gimbal and Camera                                                                                                                                10. Flight

0 Remove the Gimbal Cover.                                                                                                                                              Safe to Fly (GPS) ·                         · Auto Taking- Off & Landing:

(!) Folate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when                                                                                           Before taking off, malke sure the aircraft             ( In the Camera screen of the DJI Pilol app )
                                                                                                                                                                 status bar in the DJI Pilot app shows "Safe
facing the nose of the aircraft). Insert the gimbal by aligning the                                                                                              to Fly (GPS)". Otherwise, the aircraft cannot      ATap and confirm your selection. The aircraft will automatically take off, retract

white mar1< on the gimbal with white mark on the Gimbal Lock.                                                                                                    hover in place and record the Home Point.          Its tan~ gear, and hover at 1.5 meters after you tap and confirm Auto Take-off.

(j) Folate the gimbal lock back into the locked position (to the left                                                                                                                                               0Tap and confirm your selection. The landing gear will lower and the aircraft

when facing the nose of the aircraft).                                                                                                                                                                              will automatically land.

~'"· Gimbal Cover
cri                                     · Gimbal Lock
                                         Mounting Place                                                                                                          · Manual Take- off & Landing,                                                                      · Return to Home

                                        · Gimbal Connector                                                                                                       Start the motors by pulling both control sticks to the bottom inside corners.                      ~~ .
                                                                                                                                                                 Release the sticks ones the motors start. Slowly push the left (throttle) stick
                                                                                            Locked                                                               up to take off. Once in the air, toggle the Transformation Switch up to raise
                                                                                                                                                                 the landing gear.

                                                                                            ~@                                                                          Start I Stop the motors                                                                     RTH Button        ~~~A:~;~n

8. Preparing for Flight                                                                                                                                          Q 9 ..,_ 1111 o.iiin.~HJI ..,_                                                                     1. Press and hold the return home
                                                                                                                                                                 ,8 ·.                                   Left stick I Up (Slowly) Toggle the Transformation            button unm the LED surrounding
Plac3 the aircraft on a ftat suriace, in an open space, with the back facing you.                                                                                                                                                            Switch up                 the button is blinking white, and the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       return home procedure is in
(i) Move the Flight Mode Switch to the right to select P mode. ( Pmode is Positioning       ~G                                                                   Gently pull the left (throttle) stick down to lower the aircnaft Left stick I Down (Slowly)           process. Press once to stop the
    mode, A mode is ATil mode, and the Fmode is Function mode.)                                                                                                  until it touches the ground. Pull both sticks to the bottom                                           procedure.

Q) Fower on the remote controller.                                                                                                                               Inside corners to stop the motors.                                                                 2. The DJI Pilotapp notifies users to
(j) Fewer on the aircraft and wa~ for the self-check to complete. Do not move the                                                                                                                                                                                      take action when the battery level
                                                                                                                                                                 After flight, change the aircraft back into Travel Mode. Do not                                       falls to aspecified threshold. This
    arcraft during the se~-check.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      warning threshold can be set
                                                                                            DJI Pilot                ~--                                         attempt this at the beach, ovar grass, or over monochromatic                                          within the DJI Pilot app. The
@ Ensure the remote controller is linked to the aircraft before flight. Re-link the remote    App                                                                                                                                                                      aircraft will land immediately when
    oontroller to the aircraft if it fails to connect. Refer to the INSPIRE 1 User Manual                                                                        A 'carpet. Then place the aircraft on a flat suriace and remove                                       It reaches Critical Low Battery
    en how to link.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Level Warning.
                                                                                                                                                                 the gimbal and camera for tnansport.
® Ensure the remote controller and your mobile device are connected with a USB                                                                                                                                                                                      3. Failsafe: The Inspire 1 will enter
                                                                                                                                                                          · It is highly recommended that you only take off when the Aircraft Status bar is green.     RTH mode if remote controller
    cable. Launch the DJI Pilot app when connecting to the aircraft for the first time,                                                                                   · The aircraft cannot take off if the Critical Low Battery Warning is active,                signal is lost.
    and follow the instructions within the app.                                                                                                                          · The Intelligent Flight Battery must warm-up if the outside temperature Is low. A
@ Launch the DJI Pilot app and tap "Camera". Ensure the aircraft is functioning                                                                                                                                                                                      A · While returning home, its
    ronmally by completing the Checklist.Beginner Mode is enabled by default when                                                                                          warning will display In the DJI Pilot app.                                               .tUio allttude can be acf;usted by the
    )Ou launch the DJI Pilot app for the first time. The aircraft's a~itude and flight                                                                           · Rotating propellers can be dangerous. Do not start the motors when there are
   clstance Is restricted when flying in Beginner Mode. We recommend you fly In                                                                                    people nearby and always fly in a wide open area.                                                          userto avoid obstructions.
    Beginner Mode when using the aircraft for the first time. You may disable Beginner
    Mode in the settings page of the DJI Pilot app.                                                                                                              · Never stop the motors during flight. Power off the aircraft prior to switching off the
Q) Calibrate Compass: tap"MODE"in the app and select "Compass Calibration" to
    calibrate the compass, then follow on-screen instructions.                              ~i]                                                                  remote controller after landing.

® Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin                                                                                   Appendix                                Remote Controller                                          Using the Camera

    counter-clockwise to secure. Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a                                                                                                                   Status LED                                                 · Adjust the camera parameters using the
    black dot and spin clockwise to secure. Place all propellers onto the correct motor
    end tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

 A · When not in P mode, the Inspire 1 will only maintain altitude, not position, and will
B drift with wind or user inputs. Return to Home is not available in F mode.

9. Remote Controller Operation                                                                                                                                   Aircraft                                ill Remote controller is functioning normally                Camera Settings Dial on the remote
                                                                                                                                                                 Status Indicator Description                                                                         controller or through the DJI Pilot app.
The remote controller is by default set to Mode 2 (throttle controlled by the left-hand stick).                                                                                                               but Is not connected to the aircraft.                   Press the Shutter ButtonNideo Record
1\djust the tilt angle of camera by using the Gimbal Dial.                                                                                                       -;rlt: Slowly: Safe to fiy,GPS working                                                               Button to capture photos or record
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ~ Remote controller Is functioning normally                  videos.
Left Stick                              Right Stick                                                                    Gimbal Dial                               :t:x2 Double: Vision Positioning             and Is connected to the aircraft.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    · Adjust the tilt of the gimbal using the
                                                                        {J;                                          ~                                           ''' System working, no GPS              ill Remote controller Is In Slave Mode                       Gimbal Dial.

                 ~                                                      ..;                                          ~&                                          -,tiJ: Slowly: P-ATII or ATil                and not connected to the aircraft.                    · Download photos and video from the SO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      card to your mobile device through the
            A4flfl                                                                                                                                               ;)Jf: Quickly: Not connected            ~ Remote controller is In Slave Mode                         DJI Pilot app. You may also use a SO
                                                                                                                                                                                                              and Is connected to the aircraft.
                '4,f                                                                                                                                             '' ' to remote controller
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ;*~ B-8-B... Aircraft low battery warning
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           or remote controller error.

                                                                                                                                                                 -;rlt: Slowly: Low battery level warning @ B-B-... Remote controller has been                      card reader to export files to your PC.

                                             ,._                                                                                                                 ::+:: Quickly: Critical low battery level warning   Idle for 5 minutes.

                   j,                                                                                                                                            ---------------------(j Solid: Critical error

                                                                                                                                                                 ~:.: /:'riif: Blinking Alternately:

                                                                                                                                                                 -''' ''' Compass calibration required
· You can set the remote controller to different modes using the OJ! Pilot app.                                                                                                                                     Learn more Information from:                    ©2014 DJI. AU Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    www.djl.com/product/inspire-1                      Oe5·gntd by OJI. Printed "' China.
Using INSPIRE 1

Watch the video tutorials on the official DJI website and read the following documents before using your Inspire 1 for the first time:  5. Preparirag the Remote Controller
Inspire 1Quick Start Guide, Disclaimer, Intelligent Right Battery Safety Guidelines, Inspire 1Safety Guidelines, In the Box,
Inspire 1 User Manual.                                                                                                                  Tilt the Mobile Dev-ice Holder to the desired position then adjust
                                                                                                                                        the antennas as shown. The strength of the remote controller
1. Download the DJI Pilot App                            2. Watch the Tutorial Videos                                                   signal is different \1\Jhen the antenna position is different.

Visit http://m.d)i.net/djipilot or scan this OR code to  Watch the tutorial videos at www.djl.com or In                                 ~       Strong             Weak
download the DJ1 Pilot app through your mobile device.   the DJI Pilot app.

                                                         ···~                                                                                   The transmission signal between the aircraft and remote
                                                                                                                                                controller will perform best when within the optimal
                                                         [!] .                                                                                  transmission range. If the signal is weak, fly the aircraft
                                                                                                                                                closer to you to achieve optimal signal performance.

DJI Pilot app                                            The tutorial videos                                                                                                                                     Q) Press the button on the side of the Mobile
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Device Holder to release the clamp.
A · For the best experience, use mobile device with Android 4.1 ,2 or above. iOS version on the way.
D · Read the Inspire 1 User Manual in the DJI Pilot app or official DJI website for more details.                                                                                                                0 Place your device onto the clamp and adjust

3. Check Battery Levels                                                                                                                                                                                              the clamp to hold It securely.

Press the Power Button once on both the lntelngent Flight Battery and remote controller to check battery levels. The                                                                                             @ Connect your mobile device to the remote
Intelligent Flight Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Make sure both batteries are adequately                                                                                        controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of
charged before each flight.                                                                                                                                                                                         the cable into your mobile device, and the
Press the power button once then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on the remote controller. Repeat to power off.                                                                                         other end into the USB port on the back of
Press the power button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on the lntaligent Right Battery. Repeat to                                                                                            the remote controller.
power off.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 k{§~m~

                                                                                                                                        If you have purchased an Inspire 1 with dual remote controllers, the Master remote controller will connect to the aircraft

                                                                                                                                        automatically when powered on. Master/Slave mode is disabled by default. Activate it and set it up through the DJI Pilot
                                                                                                                                        app. The Master remote controller's Status LED will show solid green when it connected to the aircraft. The Slave
                                                                                                                                        remote controller's Status LED will show solid blue when it is connected to the Master controller.

                                                                                                                                        Connecting the Master remote controller to the Slave remote controller:

                    High                                                                               -·'©©:©'l·:'@l                   On the Master remote controller, launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the Camera page. Then tap Iii" ..111 on the top of your

                i                                                                                           Battery Level               screen to enter the remote controller settings window. Tap "Activate Master/Slave Mode"and select "Master". Then
                                                                                                      Low High                          enter your desired connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.
               Battery Level
                                                                                                                                        On the  Slave remote controller, select "Slave " and tap "Search" to find the Master  remote  controller.  Select  the  "Master"
                 l                                                                                                                      remote  controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password.

                    Low                                                                                                                 A ·Do not use other 2.4GHz devices at the same time to avoid signal interference.

                                                                                                                                        6. Preparing the Aircraft

4. Charging                                                                                                                             The aircraft Is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it               Travel Mode
                                                                                                                                        to Landing Mode before your first flight:
· Only use the official OJ! inspire 1 charger for your Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller.                                                                                                                                   ~
 · To charge the Inspire 1 Intelligent Flight Battery or the remote controller, connect it to power through the port to a               Q) Insert the Intelligent Fl\;]ht Battery into the battery compartment.
                                                                                                                                        (?)Power on the remote controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
   suitable power source (100·240V 50/60Hz).                                                                                            @Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times.
· It is recommended to turn off the batteries before charging.
· Use the included charger to charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and the remote controller battery. When fully charged, the             Power off the aircraft before mounting the gimbal and camera.

   battery LEOs on the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller will turn off.                                                  ~0                               @

?~                                                                                                                                      A ·If you have P·chassd the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote controller to deactivate Travel Mode.
  14. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused when the aircraft is in the following situations:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        __j__
        collision, fire, explosion, floods, tsunamis, subsidence, ice trapped, avalanche, debris flow, landslide,
        earthquake, etc.                                                                                              CAUSTION: RISK OF EXLPOSION IF BATIERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF
                                                                                                                       USED BATIERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTION.
  15. Damage(s), Injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by infringement such as any data, audio or
        video material recorded by the use of aircraft.                                                               DJI hereby declares that this product Is in compliance with the essential requirements and other relevant
                                                                                                                      provision of Directive 1995/5/EC.
  16. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by the misuse of the battery, protection circuit,
        RC model and battery chargers.                                                                             2. Please note that this product is intended for personal use and should never be used in a manner that
                                                                                                                      infringes upon or contravenes international or domestic law and regulations.
  17. Consequential damages, injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by any malfunction of an                   You shall not use this product to:
        equipment or accessory, including memory cards, that result In the failure of an image or video to be
      · recorded or to be recorded in a way that machine readable.                                                    a) Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as right of privacy
                                                                                                                          and publicity) of others;
  18. Operators disobey local laws or regulations.
 19. Any legal responsibilities, personal or property damage or environmental damages caused by operator              b) Photograph people on private property without their consent or photograph in areas where photography
                                                                                                                          is prohibited without prior authorization.
       noncompliance with local laws and regulations.
 20. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by risky operator behavior without sufficient           c) Use this product for any illegal or inappropriate purpose other than general personal use (such as
                                                                                                                          spy, military operation . unauthorized investigation and unauthorized detection);
       training.
 21. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by flying in the areas prohibited by taws,              d) Violate or disregard applicable local laws, administrative rules and social habits.

       regulations. or related entities.                                                                              Please be advised that in certain areas, the copying of images and videos from events, performances,
 22. Other losses that are not covered by the scope of DJI liability.                                                 exhibitions, or commercial properties by means of a camera may contravene copyright or other legal
                                                                                                                      rights even if the image or video was shot for personal use. In addition, remote control aircraft are banned
WARNING                                                                                                               from conducting commercial activities in certain countries and regions.

 FCC Warning:                                                                                                      II you have any problem you cannot solve during installation, please oontact DJI authorized dealers.
 Any Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void            Name of the products, brand, etc. appearing in this manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their
 the user's authority to operate the equipment.                                                                    respective owner companies. This product and manual are copyrighted by DJI with all rights reserved. No part
 This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:         of this product or manual shall be reproduced in any form without the prior written consent or authorization of
 (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and                                                           DJI. No patent liability is assumed with respect to the use of products or information contained herein.
 (2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired
                                                                                                                   ~;~ (!(J14 I)Jl. All F!<qt1l:; Flc~.<.ifvH'!  7
      operation.

 FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator &
your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
transmitter

Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio
frequency energy and, if not Installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in
a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the
interference by one or more of the following measures:

· Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
· Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
· Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
· Consult the dealer or an experienced radiorrv technician for help.

1. When using this product, ensure that the antenna of the device is at least 20 em from any person. Due
   to the used enclosed material, this product shall only be connected to a USB interface of version 2.0 or
   higher. The connection to so called "power USB" is prohibited.

  © 2014 DJI All R1gl'1ts P.est~r.ted.
 DISCLAIMER &WARNING                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                _L ~~ ·~

  Please read this disclaimer carefully before using this product. This product is not suitable  INSTRUCTIONS
  for people under age of 18. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and
  signify that you have read it fully. You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct   Please read international and domestic airspace regulations and rules before using this products, should
  and content while using this product, and for any consequence thereof. You agree to use        never use this product in a way that infringes upon or contravenes international or domestic laws and
  this product only for purposes that are proper and in accordance with local regulations,       regulations. You agree that you are solely responsible for your own conduct and content while using
  terms and any applicable polices and guidelines DJI may make available.                        this product. and for any direct or indirect consequences caused by not following this manual, violate or
  1. DJI reserves the right to update this Disclaimer & Warning. Any part of this disclaimer is  disregard any other applicable local laws, administrative rules and social habits thereof.

     subject to change, please visit www.dji.com and check your email periodically for the       'This product is a flying camera that offers easy flight both indoors and out when powered normally and in a
     latest version.                                                                             good working order.
  2. This disclaimer is made in various language versions; in the event of divergence among      1. This product works most efficiently with genuine DJI accessories. OJ! shall not be liable for any
     different versions, English version shall prevail.
                                                                                                    damage or legal responsibilities to this product and/ or accidents resulting from malfunctions of non OJ!
4 @ ;?01·l CUi f~tgf1l::>                                                                           accessories.
                                                                                                 2. This product features a built-in flight control system and we have made its operation as safe as possible.
                                                                                                    However, it is good practice to remove all propellers before switching it on for calibration and parameter
                                                                                                    setting.
                                                                                                 3. Flight restriction is imposed when fly around the airport. Those who purchased and use this product are
                                                                                                    cons:dered abiding all regulations from ICAO (International Civic Aviation Organization ) and local policy.
                                                                                                    OJI assumes no responsibility 'from any violations against the these regulations .
                                                                                                 4. Be sure to check all connections and keep children and animals a safe distance away during firmware
                                                                                                    upgrades. system calibration and parameter setting.

                                                                                                 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

                                                                                                 DJI accepts no liability for damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities incurred directly or indirectly from
                                                                                                 the use of this product in the following conditions:
                                                                                                  1. DJI takes no responsibility for any misuse arising from failure to follow the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide,

                                                                                                     Disclaimer, Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines, Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines, In the Box, Inspire 1
                                                                                                     User Manual or instructions and warnings found on www.dji.com.
                                                                                                  2. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities incurred when users are drunk, taking drugs, under the
                                                                                                     influence of anesthesia, dizziness, fatigue, nausea and any other conditions both physical and mental
                                                                                                     that could impair your ability.
                                                                                                  3. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by subjective intentional operations.
                                                                                                  4. Any mental damage compensation caused by accident.
                                                                                                 5. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by flying in no-fly zones such as natural reserve.
                                                                                                 6. Malfunctions caused by refit or replacement with non-DJI accessories and parts.
                                                                                                  7. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by using third party products or fake DJI
                                                                                                     products.
                                                                                                 8. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by improper operation or subjective
                                                                                                     misjudgment.
                                                                                                 9. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by mechanical failures due to product aging.
                                                                                                  10. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by continued flying after low battery alarm is

                                                                                                       triggered.
                                                                                                  11. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by knowingly flying the aircraft in abnormal

                                                                                                       conditions (such as when water, oil, soil, sand or other unknown material are inside the aircraft,
                                                                                                       incomplete assembly, the main components have obvious faults, obvious defect or missing
                                                                                                       accessories).
                                                                                                  12. Darnage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by flying in the following situations such as the
                                                                                                       aircraft in magnetic interference areas (such as high voltage lines, power stations, broadcasting towers
                                                                                                       and mobile base stations), radio interference areas, government regulated no-fly zones, if the pilot
                                                                                                       loses sight of the aircraft, suffers from poor eyesight or is otherwise not suitable for aircraft operation.
                                                                                                  13. Damage(s), injuries or any legal responsibilities caused by using in bad weather, such as a rain, heavy
                                                                                                       wind, snow, hail, lightning, tornadoes and hurricanes.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ({~) .'?(~ 1·; :),Ji /\1! Fl1utr;~: f1r-~:OUV(,'\l
Battery Use                                                 · Do nat charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and    · Do not leave the battery near heat sources such             · Store Intelligent Flight Batteries in a ventilated
· Never use non·DJI batteries. Go to www_.DJ1.                remote controller at the same time, otherwise         as a furnace or heater. Do not leave the batteries            lOcation.
                                                              the charger may overheat.                             inside of the vehicle on hot days. The ideal
 con) to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no                                                                       storage temperature is 22aC¥28°C.                           · Should you reqwe to carry the battery onto the
 responsibility for any accidents caused by non·            · Do not leave batteries in a microwave oven or in                                                                    plane, it is recommend to discharge the battery
                                                              a pressurized container.                            · Keep the battery dry. Never dfop the battery into             to the range between 10% and 20% in order to
 DJI batteries.                                                                                                                                                                   ensure the safety of the battery.
· Never use or charge a sw::~Heo, leaky or damaged          · Do not place loose battery cells on any conductive    water.
                                                              surface, such as meta!·toppled table.               · Do not drop, strike, frnpate, or manuat!y short-            li!l!l
  battery. II so, contact OJI Of its designated dealers                                                                                                                         · l"'l'illll'!lll<i' DJil!lnlliHJtfl'l"'it!lo ~O(I!!;il!J!I!.
                                                            · Do not put the loose cells in pocket. bag or          circuit the bat1cry.
  for further assistance.                                      drawer where they may short-circuit against        · Keep the battery away from metal objects such                 iil!!il~ DJI J1rji;iji1!iliJ, i!lii!;l!l<i' OJI 'ilrnl!\1!\8~
· Never install or remove the batlery from the aircraft        other items or where battery terminals could be                                                                    <13it!lffiist~A'i,.it!l!)l:IN. cfriNBm. DJI11t\'f
                                                               pressed against each other.                          as necklaces and hairpins.
  when it is turned on. Do not insert or remove                                                                   · Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery                ~ll!.
  balteries If the plastic cover had bean torn or           · Do not drop or strike batteries. Do not place
                                                               heavy objects on batteries or charger. Avoid         level lf it will not be used for 7 days or more. This       · l'E1<!<13il!l'i<lli!illi!!tllltl:l'Fcl'TID:Zll1!. ilii*l<i
  compromised in any way.                                      dropping battetles.                                  can greatly exlend the battery life.                          E\'!,jt!Ja\)E\JjJ!1:;('j,jjo illfWfE,.jt!J,.jjj{fJ7fli\J'ii(i\!5
· The battery should be used in temperatures from                                                                 · Battery discharges automatically to below 65%                 l', ll<lili"'it!l, l!i~UOJiillmlJ.>"'illin!CI o
                                                            · Clean battery terminals with a dry and clean          when it is idle for more than 10 days 10 prevent
  -1 O"C to 40°C. Use of the battery above sooc                                                                     the battery from swelling. It takes amund 2 days            · 'l!it!lfi1i.i'±1l'll!iffil~" -10'C iii 40'C ZfSJ~IIio
                                                               cloth.                                               to discharge the battery to 65%, It is normal                 iffilli:ilt/l. ~slil<.Ellit!lilli:k., li!liillll:'F. ililll!l
   can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery                                                                   lhat you may lee! moderate heat emits from the               i.ltilf, Ellit!l._lill<!UUI"'!!il!i\l!l.
   below ·10°C can lead to permanent damage.                 Charging the Battery                                    battory during the discharge process. Set the
· Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic             · Do not attach the batteries to the wall or car        discharging thresholds in the OJI Pilot app.                · l'l1!J.i:l'E'l!ilil''ll!ill'.!tlil.lW.~tJl!'i'llel'll"'ith. a~u.
   or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise.                                                                    · The battery wH! enter hibernation mode if
   the battery control board may malfunction                    charger sockets directly, always use a DJI          depleted and stored for a long period. When                    '13it!lf*ll'ilii~lil.. ®l&cl'i'H~!EF!I!INil!o
    and a serious accident may happen during                    approved adapter. OJI takes no responsibility if     in hibernation mode, if you try to power on the
                                                                the battery is charged using a non·DJI charger.      battery. the battery power LED will show a solid            · !J\'J.I:~).ffjfi]J'ji\:j:;ll!i!i)lffl~:f~!JWfJt~UfiJI<<l!jl!!o
    flight.                                                     Never leave the battery unattended during            red light and the battery level LEOs wlll all be
 · Never disassemble or piP.rce the battery in any              charging. Do not charge the bal\ery near             off. You cannot manually turn off the battery                arou, <ftsliii\,.jt!Ji/i:k.l!!lE!a!:'Fo
                                                                flammable materials or on flammable surfaces         power LED in this state. Leave the battery
    way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.              such as carpet or v,rood. Do not charge battery      unattended for 5 minutes. and U1en il will power            · !gjt!J~SI\jljf*f'!lllilll!!!l1!Eo ~Qf'!jl!!ffil. iJll§jlg,
 · Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive.            immediately after flight. because the battery        off. Recharge the battery to bring it out of                  ~Of'!i'i!%M¥tJA!*Il111!i!l1\'iii~ii!llll.. iili:URPI!lii!l
                                                                temperature may be too high. Do not charge                                                                         'l<i'Pb"alil;i-'15B\<I>, !1'Ii:~P!iftl2lo
     II any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,         tile battery until it cools down to near room        hibernation.
     immediately wash the affected area with fresh              temperature. Charging battery outside of the       · Remove batteries from the aircraft when stored              · ?G"':fJJM.ci7mi'i'!*i!i, i'};):fieF!lfiiJ, !'1!0111
                                                                temperature range of O"C-40QC may lead to                                                                          f*Eilit!J9f;Jl!%l!i\, %1/J!Il!. %J!iiil!l. ;rtll;jfjf!l'
    running water for at least 15 minutes then see a            leakage, ovetheating. or battery damage.              lor an extended period.                                      l'i!lll!i.
                                                              · Charge and discharge the battery completely
     doctor immediately.                                        once every 20 charge/diSCharge cycles.             Battery Disposal                                              · ?G-cl7illlil1A11XE!31i!m!ilmtt. ii!ZE!ltl!fllllHr
  · Check the condition of the battery if it falls out          Discharge the battery until there is 0% of         · Dispose of the battery into specific recycling                ffJ.I:ci7, il!lii!liiil13it!l!illi!!t>1"'it!li!!i73'tl13o
                                                                power or un!il.it can no longer be turned on.
     of the aircraft. Make sure the battery is NOT               then recharge it to the maximum capacity             boxes only after a complete discharge. Do                  · i!IIWWE1lit!li1A7l<9';;11;14l'tl!Fi!f!, "'it!ll'llllln!
     damaged or leaking before putting it back to the           This power cycling procedure will optimize the        not place the baltery Into regular rubbish bins.             ~ffi¥~7J<FcPJ~Mli~!E7111!i&ii!Z, 51:it'l!illll31?t.,
                                                                                                                      Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling            li!illfi':rogs I:&J!iltlO, ~olfl,.it!ll'E111THt.l7u
      aircraft.                                                  battery life.                                                                                                     lli'i'§JGll'8li!i)5/.l'lti!9HI\A7.1<9', ii!lfz~PW:te
   · Land the aircraft immediately when the low battery       · DJI intelligent baltery is designed to stop           regulations of batteries.
                                                                                                                   · If the power on/off butlon of the Intelligent Flight            E\'iit!l:lti~l'\t~'f'l'i:llta<JJHil!RI!il. ~&a1ii!Zmllll
      level warning aclivates in the DJI Pilot app.             charging when It l~ full. However it is good
   · Do not allow the batteries to come into contact            practice to monitor charging progress and             Battery is disabltKI ~mrl the battery cannot be              E\lit!lli!llE'13it!l%:%DH o B;J;'fa<J,.jt!l'f~IIJ!l)):
                                                                 disconnect the batteries when fully charged.         fully discharged, please contact a professional              (lf;ffl' ii!ZW<Jti!":ljs::;'z!t'JJ$':f!'J'jj'/illtllf9Jol!llo
      with any kind of liquid. Do not leave batteries          · Disconnect charger when not in use. Examine          battery disposa]frecycling agent for further               · i!l'E\'iit!l<R::E~yc (i',llJ:IliHlHII "litfl><Z:k.i1i' .
                                                                 charger regularly for damage to the cord,                                                                          90ii!!F!li1>'1'9llli'il\t;;II;'Flj)9i:k.lilli1H'T:Rx"
     out ln the rain or near a source of moisture.               plug. enclosure or other parts. Do not clean         assistance.                                                  F#l!l'J<.*:R:k.
     Do not dfOp the battery into water. !f the inside           the charger with denatured alcohol or other                                                                      · !g)t!J'j!it±!J!Illf,j!l\o &/liJ~\ljj\!i)Ji!' m!liJ.J!I!\!!~{~I!l ·
      of the battery comes into contact wlth water,              flammable solvents. Never use a damaged            Notice                                                          i'SW!'if'iii!l)(. nl1$!1!110:~1iio ~Oll!i±il!illlt~
                                                                                                                    · Before carrying the lntalllgent Flight Battery on a           ;)t!Jij!Ji/ll':f!'j1,J!I!,
      chemical decomposition may occur. potentially              charger.                                                                                                         · il~liJ.J~Ii,.it!Jll>lllLI!!l!l¥Uii1LI:I!Illill!ill$ili\il@.ffilit
       resulting the baltery catching on fire, and may                                                                 airline flight, it must 1\rst be fully discharged. This      Ji!if!ii.J::o
       even lead to an explosion. lithe battery falls into     Battery Storage                                        can be done by using it in your Inspire 1 or by             · :l#IJ.i:WE1lit!ll9:A)l(9';;11;J}j(i'±l!l;illl'I'IJ!l',
       water with the aircraft during fUght. take it out       · Keep batteries out of the reach of children and       conr'!Elcting your remote controner to the battery         · l!liJJ:ffl@!JI;Jm~'8jjtfllilllt~fi!!"'it!liE!l!l&
       immediately and put it in a safe and open area.                                                                 using the Remote Controller Charging Cable.                  Illit!.
       Maintain a far distance frorn the battery until it        pets                                                 Only discharge the battery in a fireproof location          · ~Dll!<tlit!l:ittl:\J'II!.t, etl.<\. :it%. ll:!S!illtl:\J!Il
       is completely dry. Never use the battery again,                                                                                                                              l't'81't15Jl'l'ii!J!i\ii\' '!'i\'lfi!lll; ~0/l<,.it!liEi±
       and dispose of the battery properly as described                                                                                                                             fi!!lll!illrt,., mrraoM.I!l'13ID:Jm3't"'llli..tll2te
                                                                                                                                                                                    'iff!Ji/;i1J'i'ltl:!lllo
       In Battery Disposal below.                                                                                                                                                 · 90!I'lE1lit!lA'IIii<':t'll:nrt. ii!!FllilUIIl'Fl'PliH:~.
     · Do not heat batteries. Put out any baUery lire                                                                                                                               aroUEtlit!l'l'illl'~~'f''-'!, Mffilstiiillmli!I!Jlllt!ill7t
                                                                                                                                                                                     i:/i:itfllo
        using sand or a dry powder fire extinguisher.
                                                                                                                  HIENl                                                         rc~
        Never use water to put out a battery fire.
