September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13030
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2817

Mr. Joseph I Cullen
CEO
DronzView
380 County Road 252
Athens, TN 37303

Dear Mr. Cullen:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 9, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of DronzView (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial filming and
photographing to include: infrastructure inspections, aerial acquisition (mapping), real estate.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DronzView is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DronzView is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
DronzView  4235067854  
9 June 2015 
 
Dear Sir or Madam, 
 
Pursuant to § 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 
C.F.R. Part 11, DronzView, operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS) 
equipped to conduct aerial filming and photographing to include: infrastructure inspections, 
aerial acquisition (mapping), real estate, and other applicable areas for preplanned, controlled 
areas, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to 
allow commercial  operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and 
under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the Federal Aviation 
Administration (FAA) as required by § 333. DronzView current operation of sUAS for 
commercial purposes has been halted to comply with recently enacted federal aviation 
regulations pertaining to sUAS. As described more fully below, the requested exemption would 
permit the operation of small, unmanned and quad copter aircraft under controlled conditions in 
airspace that is 1) contained 2) predetermined 3) has onsite safety personnel controlling 
access, and 4) would provide increased safety and enhancements to clients' business 
operations. We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for 
an equivalent level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us at 
any time if you require additional information or clarification. 
The name and address of the applicant is: 

                                                                 
DronzView, 
Joseph I Cullen 
CEO 
Phone: 4235067854 
Email: joseph.ian.cullen@gmail.com 
Address: 380 Co Rd 252, Athens TN, 37303 
 
MY BACKGROUND 
DronzView, is a small company in operated by only me and father a real estate appraiser that 
helped me see the potential in aerial photography. I have always been an avid RC operator and 
video editor and never did i think the two could come together in such a way.  
DronzView currently operates two DJI phantom 2 quad copters equipped with GoPro camera's. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOW OUR COMPANY CAN BENEFIT THE PUBLIC 
The exemption request will permit DronzView to operate sUASs commercially 
for the purpose of aerial filming and photographing inspections of infrastructure, aerial 
acquisition (mapping), real estate, and other applicable areas. DronzView will 
provide a service that will change the way we view things, sUAS  This will benefit the public  
with the controlled operation of sUASs and increase integration into the National Airspace 
System (NAS). 
DronzView sUASs are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and 
economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By 
reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption 
allowing the use of a sUAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce 
noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the 
ground. 
 
PUBLIC SAFETY 
DronzView's number one priority will be the safety of the public our operators will always have a 
spotter to insure line of sight and only fly in the safest possible weather conditions. Our mission 
is to use these devices for the greater good of everyone as a whole which includes making sure 
the operation of these "drones" is safe. 
 
PRIVACY 
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's or 
controlling authority's prior consent and knowledge. Aerial photography/filming will be of 
people who have also consented to being photographed or otherwise have agreed to be in the 
area where filming will take place. 
 
CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS: 
As set forth in the Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM) and Manufacturers Pilot 
Training Guide (MPTG), the applicant proposes the following limitations and conditions: 
1. UAS must weigh less than 55 pounds 
2. UAS airspeed not to exceed 50 knots 
3. UAS flights may not operate at more than 400 AGL and Altitudes reported to ATC must 
be in feet AGL 
4. UAS must be operated within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of the PIC 
5. All operations will utilize a Visual Observer (VO). The VO may be utilized as long as the 
PIC maintains VLOS capability and can communicate with the VO at all times 
6. The conditions and limitations will be added or amended in the operator's manual 
7. The PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is safe for flight, along with the Ground Control 
Station (GCS) if utilized. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented. 
8. A functional test flight must be performed for any UAS that has undergone maintenance 
or alterations and be performed by the PIC and added to the operator's manual 
9. The operator must follows the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, 
overhaul, replacement inspection and life limit requirements.  
The following must be included in the operator's manual 
a. Actuators / Servos 
b. Transmission (single rotor) 
c. Power plant (motors) 
d. Propellers 
e. Electronic speed controller 
f. Batteries 
g. Mechanical or dynamic components (single rotor) 
h. Remote command and control 
i. Ground control station (if used) and any other component(s) as determined by 
 
THE OPERATOR. 
10. The PIC must possess a private pilot certificate, a current thirdclass medical certificate 
and meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 
11. A PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 
(b), a minimum of 200 flight hours and 25 hours as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten 
hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar sUASs type 
12. A PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 
(b), a minimum of five hours as a sUAS pilot operating the make and model of sUAS to 
be utilized for operations under the exemption and three takeoffs and three landings in 
the preceding 90 days. The PIC must operate the sUASs with appropriate distance from 
nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119 
13. The PIC and VO must have completed a qualification process 
14. A flight demonstration, administered by an operator approved and a qualified pilot must 
be completed and documented in accordance with the operator's manual 
15. The sUASs may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and 
consenting inspection personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or 
property 
16. All participating persons must be essential and consent to the UAV operation which 
should require no further FSDO or ASI approval 
17. The operator must ensure that no persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area 
except those consenting to be involved and who are necessary for the ongoing 
operation of the entity being inspected 
18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS must return to a 
predetermined 
location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in 
accordance with the operator's manual 
19. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in 
accordance with the operator's manual 
20. Each operation must be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25% battery 
power remaining, whichever occurs first 
21. The operator must contain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver 
or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of 
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman 
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but no less than 48 hours prior to the 
operation 
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial 
number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47and have identification (NNumber) 
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as 
large as possible 
23. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS 
maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and the 
total time in service of the UAS 
24. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all manufacturing safety 
bulletins 
25. The operator will develop UAS technician qualification criteria. And the criteria will be in 
the operator's manual 
26. The preflight inspections section of the operator's manual will include the requirement 
that the preflight inspection will account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable 
components, items, or equipment 
27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and 
control of the UA will comply with the FCC or other appropriate government oversight 
agency requirements 
28. At least three days before a scheduled inspection the operator of the UAS affected by 
this exemption will submit a written plan of activity to the local FSDO with jurisdiction 
over the area of the proposed inspection. The 3day notification may be waived with the 
concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities will include the following: 
 
a. Dates and times for all flights 
b. Name and phone number of the operator for the sUASs inspection conducted 
under this grant of exemption 
c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the onsite operation of 
the UAS 
d. Make, model, and serial or Nnumber of UAS to be used 
e. Name and certificate number of UAS PIC s involved in the inspection process 
f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners 
and/or local officials to conduct the inspection the list of those who gave 
permission shall be made available to the inspector upon request 
g. Signature of exemptionholder or representative 
h. The description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, 
city, town, county, and/or state over which the inspection will be conducted and 
the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation 
i. The documents required under 14 CFR §§91.9 and 91.203 must be available to 
the PIC at the ground control station of the sUASs any time the aircraft is 
operating. These documents must be made available to the Administrator or 
any law enforcement official upon request. 
 
29. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations 
and activities at all times (including, but not limited to ultralight vehicles, parachute 
activities, parasailing activities, hand gliding, etc.) 
30. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1 All 
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights 
under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized 
31. The UAS cannot be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle 
32. The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2000 feet 
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC 
33. The UAS may not be operated in class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from 
the FAA. The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a 
nontowered airport as denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chart unless a 
letter of agreement with the airport's management is obtained, and the operation is 
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of 
agreement with the airport management must be made available to the administrator 
upon request 
34. Any I) Incident, 2) Accident, or 3) Flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical 
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported 
to the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS80) within 24 
hour. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) 
per instruction contained on the NTSB 'web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight 
operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is 
reviewed by the A FS80 and authorized to resume operations is provided 
35. The UAS, PIC and operator will comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but 
not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91. 
 
REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED: 
14 CFR Part 21 
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) 
14 CFR 61.133 (a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) 
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 
14 C.F.R. 91.109 (a) 
14 C.F. R. 91.119 
14 C.F.R. 91.121 
14 CFR 91.151 (a) 
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b) 
14 CFR 91.405 (a) 
14 CFR 407 (a) (1) 
14 CFR 409 (a) (2) 
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b) 
14 C.F.R. 21: Certification Procedures for Products and Parts 
 
This section outlines requirements for the issue of design and production 
approvals, airworthiness certificates, and other airworthiness approvals. DronzView 
is aware that if an exemption is granted as per Section 333, an 
airworthiness certificate would be issued and a request for exemption from Part 21 is 
unnecessary. However, as outlined in the List of Limitations and Conditions in this 
application, as well as all of the Attachments to this application, including the FOPM, 
DronzView seeks to uphold the same level or exceeded level of safety 
as described in Part 21 of 14 C.F.R. 
14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b), 61.133 (a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in 
Command. Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations. 
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. 
Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can 
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC 
operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's 
license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and 
passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of 
operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in 
advance as set forth in the FOPM. The level of safety provided by the requirements 
included in the FOPM exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial 
pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the 
operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with 
commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations 
of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of 
safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). 
14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in 
airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, 
should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining 
airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the 
FOPM for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, an equivalent 
level of safety will be provided. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.registered civil 
aircraft ... 
(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this 
chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or 
Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any 
combination thereof. The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to 
carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, 
but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.109 (a): FLIGHT INSTRUCTION 
Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a 
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully 
functioning dual controls. UAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have 
fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control 
box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has 
approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a 
number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes 
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 
91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, 
provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes 
prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter 
and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not 
more than 200 above an elevated platform from which filming is planned, an exemption 
may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited 
conditions stated in the Manual, the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL. It 
will however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings 
and people will not be exposed to operations without their preobtained consent. The 
equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUASs as 
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission 
of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property 
owner and participants in the activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the 
planned flight operations as set forth in the FOPM. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings 
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising 
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure 
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may 
not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption is 
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the 
FOPM and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS 
altitude indicator before flight. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane 
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is 
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising 
speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or (2) At night, to fly 
after that for at least 45 minutes." 
The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To 
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR § 91.151, sUASs flights would be 
limited to approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's 
proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined 
area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable. 
Limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the 
exemption will be granted. 
An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of 
battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to 
return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
The regulation provides in pertinent part: 
(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has 
within it the following: 
(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . . 
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required 
by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is 
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. 
The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard 
pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration 
documents or to display them on the sUAS. An equivalent level of safety will be 
achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying 
the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the 
sUAS. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a) 407 (a) (1) 409 (a) (2) 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections 
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that 
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required 
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies 
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain 
the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these section and Part 43 apply  
only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. 
Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the FOPM. An equivalent level of  
safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small 
payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical 
issues arise the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 
400 feet AGL. As provided in the FOPM, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in 
working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of 
any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with 
the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide 
the equivalent level of safety. 
 
THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333 
DronzView submits that grant of this exemption application advances the 
Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of UASs 
into the NAS if it can be accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to 
consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the 
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the 
Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the 
NAS, the public, or pose a threat to national security in light of the following: 
 The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
 Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas and 
 Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 
Reform Act § 333 (a) (1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in 
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation 
of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333 (c). 
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This 
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 
40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have current airworthiness 
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial 
service: 
The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 4470244716 of 
this title if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest. 
The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in 
Section 333 of the Reform Act the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended 
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations and the significant 
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with use of UASs for 
aerial 
videography/photography, the reduction or elimination of unregulated operators, and the safe 
integration of UASs. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the 
requested exemption without delay. 
 
CONCLUSION 
As set forth herein, DronzView seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 
C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 from the 
requirements of 14 CFR § 21 61.113 (a) & (b) 61.133 (a) 91.7 (a) 91.9 (b) 91.109 (a) 91.119 
(c) 91.121 91.151 (a) 91.203 91.405 (a) 91.407 (a) (1) 91.409 (a) (2) 91.417 (a) & (b), which 
will permit safe operation of the sUASs commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for 
the limited purpose of conducting aerial imagery over small, defined operational areas of the 
United States. 
Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of DronzView 
sUASs will increase safety by permitting an operator to conduct a service safely by adhering 
to the prescribed guidelines. The exemption will also encourage the education of sUAS 
operators and the adoption of FAA guidelines and approval for commercial sUAS operations as 
pertains to DronzView employees and contractors. It will allow DronzView to provide a service 
that  
benefits the public and local businesses. It benefits the public through a higher level of safety of 
sUAS  
operations and through a smooth integration of sUASs into the NAS. Having a pilot owned 
business bridges the 
gap between the advancement of sUAS technology and the current practices and operations in 
the NAS and with the  
FAA. This assists the FAA with its mission of promoting aviation while preserving safety of 
aviators, the 
public, and property. The sUASs operated by DronzView satisfies the criteria set 
forth in § 333 of the Reform Act­size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, operation within 
visual line of sight, and national security­and showing an equivalent level of safety to manned 
aircraft flights through appropriate pilot certification and safety focused standards of operation, 
providing more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing 
commercial operations. 
 
By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional 
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests 
of the public, by allowing DronzView to safely, efficiently, and economically 
operate the sUASs commercially within the NAS. 
 
Kind Regards, 
Joseph I Cullen 
CEO 
 
