June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11868
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0626

Mr. Michael E. Sievers
Hunton & Williams LLP
Riverfront Plaza, East Tower
951 East Byrd Street
Richmond, VA 23219-4074

Dear Mr. Sievers:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Duke Energy Business Services, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct inspections of transmission and distribution lines, vegetation, coal ash
ponds, boilers, stacks, absorbers, and solar arrays.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an AeroVironment Qube.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Duke Energy Business Services, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Duke Energy Business Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AeroVironment
         Qube when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
HUNTON&:         HUNTON & WILLIAMS LLP
                 RIVERFRONT PLAZA, EAST TOWER
WilliAMS         951 EAST BYRD STREET
                 RICHMOND, VIRGINIA 23219-4074
 March 11, 2015
                 TEL 804 · 788 · 8200
                 FAX 804 · 788 · 8218

                 MICHAEL E. SIEVERS
                 DIRECT DIAL: 804 · 788 · 8532
                 EMAIL: msievers@hunton.com

                 FILE NO: 34085.000112

VIA ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION
AND FEDERAL EXPRESS

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
Washington, D.C. 20590

Re: Petition for Exemption Under § 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
         and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA"),
49 U.S.C. § 44701, and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Duke Energy Business Services, LLC ("DEBS" or
"Petitioner"), a subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Duke
Energy"), hereby petitions for exemption in order to operate certain small unmanned aircraft
systems ("sUAS") 1 as described in this petition. Duke Energy desires to research the efficacy
and efficiency of using sUAS to perform inspections of transmission and distribution lines,
vegetation, coal ash ponds, boilers, stacks, absorbers, and solar arrays, all of which are
presently conducted by manned aerial or ground-based methods. Duke Energy anticipates
that the use of sUAS offers a means to conduct the foregoing inspections in a safer, faster, and
more cost effective manner.

Consistent with the safety-conscious and deliberative ethos of Duke Energy and each of its
affiliates and subsidiaries, Petitioner proposes to conduct all sUAS operations contemplated
by this petition fully within the access-controlled fence-line of the Marshall Steam Station.
This facility, which is owned by Duke Energy Carolinas LLC, is located in a sparsely
populated area of North Carolina. The sUAS operations also will be conducted by licensed

           1 For the purposes of this petition, "sUAS" shall be used to specifically refer to "small unmanned
aircraft systems," and "UAS" shall be used to refer to the broader category of "unmanned aircraft systems,"
which includes but is not limited to sUAS.

         ATLANTA AUSTIN BANGKOK BEIJING BRUSSELS CHARLOTTE DALLAS HOUSTON LONDON LOS ANGELES
              McLEAN MIAMI NEW YORK NORFOLK RALEIGH RICHMOND SAN FRANCISCO TOKYO WASHJNGTON
                                                                                  www.hunton.com
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11, 2015
 Page2

 and trained pilots and in strict accordance with comprehensive safety and security conditions,
 as more fully described in this petition.

 As described further below, the proposed sUAS operations qualify for exemption under
 Section 333 of the FMRA, and the proposed limitations and conditions on sUAS operations
 set forth herein will ensure a level of safety at least as great as that which would result from
 compliance with the specific Federal Aviation Regulations from which exemption is sought.
 Accordingly, this petition offers an opportunity to further the objective of integrating
 unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace, as mandated by the FMRA.
HUNTON&

WilliAMS

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11, 2015
 Page 3

 Table of Contents

 I. Identity and Description of Petitioner and Petitioner Affiliates .................................. 4
    A. Name and Address of Petitioner .............................................................................. 4
    B. Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC................................................................................... 4
    C. Duke Energy Business Services, LLC...................................................................... 4

 II. Statutory and Regulatory Authority to Grant Petition for Exemption ...................... 5
    A. Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.......................... 5
    B. 49 U.S.C. §§ 40109 and 44701 ................................................................................... 6
    C. 14 C.F.R. Part 11 ....................................................................................................... 6

 III. Petitioner's Proposed Aircraft and Operations ......................................................... 6

   A. The Unmanned Aircraft System .............................................................................. 7

      1. Overview of the sUAS (Qube by AeroVironment) ............................................. 7
      2. Additional Operational and Design Details ......................................................... 7
      3. System Inspection and Maintenance Information .............................................. 7

   B. Pilot-in-Command and Observer Duties and Qualifications ................................ 8

  c. Operations Parameters ............................................................................................. 8

       1. Overall Site Location ............................................................................................. 8
      2. Inspection-Specific Locations ............................................................................... 8
      3. Flight Conditions.................................................................................................... 8
IV. Section 333 Determination and Need for Relief from 14 CFR Part 21 .................... 9
V. Requested Exemptions from Federal Aviation Regulations ...................................... 10
VI. Public Interest ............................................................................................................. 17
VII. Privacy.......................................................................................................................... 18
VIII. Federal Register Notice ........................................................................................... 18
IX. Summary ...................................................................................................................... 19
X. Prayer for Relief............................................................................................................. 19
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11,2015
  Page4

 I. Identity and Description of Petitioner and Petitioner Affiliates

           A. Name and Address of Petitioner

 The name and mailing address of the Petitioner are:

           Duke Energy Business Services, LLC
           Attention: Jacob Velky
           550 South Tryon Street
           DEC 15A
           Charlotte, North Carolina 28202
           Tel: (704) 382-2115

 All communications in regard to this petition should be sent both to the Petitioner contact
 named immediately above and to the undersigned, Petitioner's outside counsel, at the address
 set forth in the letterhead of this petition.

          B. Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC

 Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC, is the owner and operator of the Marshall Steam Station where
 the sUAS operations covered by this petition will take place. Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC, is
 a regulated utility of Duke Energy Corporation. Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC generates,
 transmits, distributes and sells electricity in central and western North Carolina and western
 South Carolina. Its service area covers 24,000 square miles, and it supplies electric services
 to a combined 2.4 million residential, general service and industrial customers in North and
 South Carolina.

          C. Duke Energy Business Services, LLC

 Duke Energy Business Services, LLC is a management services company in the Duke Energy
 Corporation family of companies and provides management services to all regulated utilities
 of Duke Energy Corporation. In addition to providing such services as Insurance and
 Information Technology to the Duke Energy Corporation regulated utilities, Duke Energy
 Business Services, LLC is also home to the corporate aviation department.

 The Duke Energy corporate aviation department has been in operation since 1953 with no
 incidents or accidents. It currently operates nine aircraft with a staff of 37 people. The
 aviation department is a member of the National Business Aircraft Association (NBAA) and
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  PageS

  is International Standard- Business Aircraft Operations (IS-BAO) registered through the
 International Business Aircraft Council (IBAC). As a part of this highly regarded industry
  standard, the department has a robust Safety Management System (SMS) that identifies and
 reduces flight risks. The proposed sUAS has undergone a thorough evaluation and with a
 change management plan in place, it will become a fully functioning asset within the Duke
 Energy aviation department.

 II. Statutory and Regulatory Authority to Grant Petition for Exemption

          A. Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

 Section 333(a) of the FMRA provides that "the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if
 certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace before
 completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act[,]"2 As part of that
 assessment, the Secretary is directed to determine "which types of unmanned aircraft systems,
 if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
 populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
 national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security," as well as whether
 an airworthiness certification is required for any such unmanned aircraft systems.3 Finally, if
 the Secretary determines that certain unmanned aircraft system may operate safely in the
 national airspace, Section 333(c) further mandates that the Secretary "shall establish
 requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems."4 Accordingly, the Secretary is
 required by law to make an initial determination about the potential for safe UAS operations
 and if the Secretary's determination is in the affirmative, then the Secretary is further required
 by law to establish the parameters for such safe UAS operations. As recognized by the FAA,
 Section 333 thus provides the Secretary, acting through the FAA, "flexibility for authorizing
 safe civil operations [of certain unmanned aircraft systems] in the NAS" on a case-by-case
 basis.5

            2 FMRA § 333(a).
            3 FMRA § 333(b).
            4 FMRA § 333(c).
            5 See FAA Home- Unmanned Aircraft Systems- Key Initiatives- Section 333;
 http://www.faa.gov/uas/legislative programs/section 333/ (last visited Dec. 8, 2014).
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 6

           B. 49 U.S.C. §§ 40109 and 44701

 The FAA Administrator is authorized by several statutory provisions to issue exemptions in
 appropriate circumstances from the regulations prescribed in otherwise carrying out the
 requirements of applicable aviation law. For example, Section 40109(b) provides that the
 "Administrator...may grant an exemption from a regulation prescribed in carrying out
 sections 40103(b)(l) and (2), 40119,44901,44903,44906, and 44935-44937 of this title
 when the Administrator decides the exemption is in the public interest."6 Similarly,
 Section 44701(f) states that the Administrator "may grant an exemption from a requirement of
 a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702-

 44716 of this title if the Administratorfinds the exemption is in the public interest."7

          C. 14 C.F.R. Part 11

 Pursuant to existing FAA regulations, a party may seek relief from current regulations set
 forth in Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations by submitting a petition for exemption to
 the FAA.8 The required contents of such a petition for exemption are set forth in 14 C.F.R.
 § 11.81. Among other technical requirements, the petition must contain (i) the specific
 section(s) of 14 C.F.R. from which exemption is being sought, (ii) the extent of and reason
 why relief is sought, (iii) an explanation of how granting the exemption would benefit the
 public as a whole (i.e., why it is in the public interest), and (iv) an explanation of how an
 equivalent or greater level of safety will be achieved even with the grant of the exemption
 (i.e., how the exemption would not adversely affect safety).9

 III. Petitioner's Proposed Aircraft and Operations

 All sUAS operations proposed under this petition will be conducted under the auspices of the
 Duke Energy aviation department in accordance with the Supplement to the Duke Energy
 Flight Operations Manual for Small Unmanned Aircraft (such Supplement, the "Duke sUAS
 FOM," and such Flight Operations Manual, the "Duke FOM"), 10 and the following specific
 terms, conditions and requirements.

            6 49 U.S.C. § 40109(b) (emphasis added).
            7 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (emphasis added).
            8 14 C.P.R. § 11.61.
            9 14 C.P.R. § 11.81.
            10 Confidential copies of these documents are being submitted in support of this petition as
 "Confidential Exhibit 1" and "Confidential Exhibit 2," respectively.
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 7

          A. The Unmanned Aircraft System

                   1. Overview of the sUAS (Qube by AeroVironment)

 Duke Energy seeks authorization in this petition to operate the Qube by AeroVironment, a
 rugged and reliable sUAS that is comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing ("VTOL") air
 vehicle with high resolution video camera, payload, and associated ground control station.
 The ground control station features an intuitive touchscreen tablet controller that enables
 position-hold (using GPS), altitude hold (using barometric sensors), and geofencing
 throughout the flight. Geofencing prohibits flight of the air vehicle beyond a user-defined
 radius, centered at the launch location, while altitude limit prohibits flight of the air vehicle
 above a user-defined maximum altitude. Duke Energy will program a geofencing "box" for
 every flight that will ensure the sUAS does not fly into unauthorized airspace. The Qube has
 a 40 minute maximum flight time (with payload) and numerous built in alarms and safety
 features. AeroVironment is a technology solutions provider that designs, develops, produces
 and supports an advanced portfolio of UAS and electric transportation solutions. Agencies of
 the U.S. Department of Defense and allied military services use the company's battery-
 powered, hand-launched unmanned aircraft systems extensively to provide situational
 awareness to tactical operating units through real-time, airborne reconnaissance, surveillance
 and communication.

                   2. Additional Operational and Design Details

 The Qube measures three feet long and weighs approximately 5.5 pounds. It has hover and
 stare capabilities and dual high resolution color and thermal cameras. Built in safety features
 include: loss of link return home, low battery automatic recovery, altitude and range limits,
 built in tests, and automated preflight. An automated system built-in test is conducted prior to
 each flight and during landing the air vehicle detects touchdown and automatically shuts off
 propulsion motors. In addition, the Qube contains a patent pending aircraft battery design and
 high-efficiency propellers. For additional operational and design details please see the Qube
 Small Unmanned Aircraft System Operator's Manual (the "Qube Operator's Manual"). 11

                   3. System Inspection and Maintenance Information

            11 A confidential copy of the Qube Operator's Manual is being submitted in support of this petition as
 "Confidential Exhibit 3."
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 8

  Please see the Qube Operator's Manual for more information regarding pre-flight, post-flight,
  and scheduled maintenance.

           B. Pilot-in-Command and Observer Duties and Qualifications

 The Pilot-in-Command (PIC) will hold (at a minimum) a private's pilot's license and a third
 class medical certificate, and be responsible for pre and post flight inspections, logging of
 flight data, the overall safety of the flight operation, and the operation of the sUAS in
 accordance with the conditions of any exemption granted by the FAA pursuant to this
 petition. The visual observer (VO) will remain within speaking distance of the PIC and
 visually monitor the sUAS at all times.

           C. Operations Parameters

                    1. Overall Site Location

 Marshall Steam Station is located in Catawba County, North Carolina at approximately
 35°35'51"N, 80°57'53"W. The approximate boundaries of the property are depicted in red on
 Attachment 1 to this petition.

                   2. Inspection-Specific Locations

 While Petitioner is seeking approval to conduct sUAS operations anywhere within the
 property line of the Marshall Steam Station, but otherwise in accordance with the conditions
 of this petition, for illustrative purposes Attachment 1 to this petition depicts portions of the
 Marshall Steam Station property anticipated to be the subject of the specified types of aerial
 inspection.

                   3. Flight Conditions

                            a) General Requirements

 Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
 Authorization (COA) in order to coordinate its efforts through Air Traffic Control (ATC). In
 addition, Petitioner will request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) no more than 72 hours in
 advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to any operation, and flights will not be conducted
 within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published
 aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement has been obtained from the airport's
 management or it is concluded that such airport is no longer operational.
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11, 2015
 Page 9

                             b) Pre-Flight Routines

 Pre-flight inspections and procedures will be conducted in accordance with the attached Qube
 Operator's Manual.

                             c) Flight Operations and Limitations

 The Qube will be flown within visual line of sight (VLOS) in visual metrological conditions
 (VMC) and Duke Energy will not operate the aircraft less than 500 feet below or 2,000 feet
 horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC. In
 addition, the aircraft will not be flown over 400 feet above ground level (AGL) and Duke
 Energy will comply with the OEM's policies, procedures and limitations listed in the Qube
 Operator's Manual. If the PIC encounters unpredicted obstacles or emergencies the flight will
 be aborted in accordance with the Qube Operator's Manual and the aircraft will not be flown
 within 500 feet of nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, or structures. Operations within
 500 feet of unoccupied vessels, vehicles or structures will only be conducted if permission has
 been granted by the owner/controller.

                            d) Post-Flight Routines
 Post-flight inspections and procedures will be conducted in accordance with the attached
 Qube Operator's Manual.

 IV. Section 333 Determination and Need for Relief from 14 CFR Part 21

 Based on the description above of the design and capabilities of the Qube, including its size,
 weight speed, and limited area of proposed operations, the sUAS operations Petitioner
 proposes to conduct pursuant to this petition will not pose a threat to users of the NAS, the
 general public, or to national security. Petitioner thus requests that the Secretary determine,
 pursuant to authority granted under Section 333, that this aircraft does not require a
 certification of air worthiness under 14 CFR Part 21, or any associated noise certification
 under 14 CFR Part 36, in order to operate in the NAS in accordance with this petition.
 Several Grants of Exemption have stated that similar aircraft did not require such an
 airworthiness certification, including Exemptions 11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, and 11114.
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 10

  V. Requested Exemptions from Federal Aviation Regulations

 Petitioner requests an exemption from certain provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
  set out at Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations for the sUAS operations described in
 this petition in order to conduct research on the efficacy and efficiency of using sUAS to
 perform inspections of transmission and distribution lines, vegetation, coal ash ponds, boilers,
 stacks, absorbers, and solar arrays, all of which are presently conducted by manned aerial or
 ground-based methods. Exemptions are requested from provisions within Parts 21(H), 47,
 and 49; and Sections 45.23; 91.9(c); 61.3(d); 61.31(d); 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a); 91.7(a);
 91.9(b)(2); 91.105; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405(a) & (d);
 91.407(a)(l); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b);and 91.103(b)(2) of Title 14, Code of
 Federal Regulations. Petitioner addresses each relevant regulation below and provides a basis
 for requesting an exemption.

          A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21 (H) (Airworthiness Certification)

 14 C.F.R Part 21 (H) sets forth the requirements for airworthiness certificates that must be
 obtained and carried under 14 C.F.R. Part 91.203 (a) & (b). As mentioned above in Section
 IV, Petitioner believes based on past Grants of Exemption that an airworthiness certificate is
 not required for this sUAS. However, all of the safety features described herein demonstrate
 that the proposed operation will be just as safe as those conducted by manned aircraft, even if
 an airworthiness certificate is found to be required. The attached Qube Operator's Manual
 provides a detailed explanation of the Qube' s safety features, capabilities, and standard
 procedures.

          B. 14 C.F.R. 45.23 and 91.9 (c) (Marking of the Aircraft)

 14 C.F.R. Section 45.23 requires that all aircraft display a capital letter "N" followed by a
 registration number. In addition, when the number is displayed on limited, restricted, light-
 sport category, or experimental or provisionally certified aircraft, the operator must display
 near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters between 2 and 6 inches
 high, the applicable words describing such category of aircraft. Section 91.9 (c) prohibits the
 operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless the identification requirements of Section
 45.23 are followed.

 The Qube does not have any entrances to a cabin or cockpit where the registration number can
 be displayed. Also, it does not have sufficient space to bear the registration number in 2 inch
 high lettering. The quadcopter will be marked with a serial number and the make and model
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 11

  of aircraft. Additional information can be displayed or marked on the aircraft, but not in the
  letter size required by Section 45.23. The Qube will still provide sufficient detail for close-up
  identification purposes and the FAA has granted previous exemptions to this regulation or
 found that an exemption was not necessary under Exemptions 8738, 10167, 10167A, 10700,
  11109, 11110, 11111, 11112, and 11114.

           C. 14 C.F.R. Part 47 (Aircraft Registration) and Part 49 (Recordation of
                   Aircraft Title and Security Documents)

  14 C.F.R. Part 47 sets forth various aircraft registration requirements regarding ownership and
 identification of the aircraft and Part 49 covers recordation of title and conveyances.

 Petitioner does not plan to acquire a particular sUAS until after approval for the operation has
 been obtained under this petition, but Petitioner will comply with all registration requirements
 prior to initiation of operations.

          D. 14 C.F.R. Section 61.3 (d) (Requirement of Certificate for Flight
                   Instruction)

 This regulation states that only those instructors with a flight instructor certificate from the
 FAA may qualify other pilots for solo flight. However, the additional skills required to obtain
 a flight instructor certificate for standard aircraft are generally not applicable to training
 unmanned pilots in the operation of sUAS. The training necessary to master the operation of
 the Qube need not be as extensive as the training for manned aircraft due to the automated
 features of the quadcopter, the built-in failsafe devices, and the lack of a crew or heavy
 payload. Prospective Qube pilots will already have sufficient aeronautical knowledge to
 operate the aircraft because of their private pilot's license and instructors will be well trained
 in this particular sUAS. Therefore, an exemption to this regulation is appropriate because
 Qube pilots will have a level of training with respect to sUAS that is equivalent to the training
 required by those who operate manned aircraft.

          E. 14 C.F.R. Section 61.31 (d) (Aircraft category, class, and type ratings)

 This section requires the pilot in command of an aircraft to hold the appropriate rating for the
 aircraft to be flown or receive an endorsement for solo flight in the aircraft by an authorized
 instructor. Pilots are therefore limited to the types of aircraft for which they possess a license.
 However, sUAS are unique forms of aircraft and the FAA does not issue licenses specifically
 for these devices so this section would not apply to the proposed operations. Exempting the
HuNToN&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11,2015
  Page 12

  Qube from this section would not adversely impact safety because the pilots operating under
  this proposal would receive special training on the Qube and all flights would take place on
  the training facility under controlled conditions. An exemption from this provision is
  appropriate based on the foregoing information because an equivalent level of safety can be
  achieved.

          F. 14 C.F.R. Section 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. Section 61.133 (a) (Private
                    Pilot Restrictions on Compensation)

 These regulations prohibit private pilots from operating an aircraft for commercial purposes
 except under certain limited circumstances. In order to pilot an aircraft for compensation the
 operator must possess a commercial pilot certificate and meet the requirements set forth in
 Section 61.133. The Petitioner seeks an exemption from these regulations so that an operator
 with a private pilot's license can conduct operations with the Qube.

 sUAS are a unique type of aircraft and the additional training required for a commercial pilot
 certificate would not necessarily be relevant to the operation of such devices. The
 commercial designation is applicable to manned aircraft, but the Qube does not carry
 personnel or the property of a third party. A specialized training program conducted in
 accordance with any manufacturer-recommended training guidelines would provide the
 additional knowledge and experience required to safely pilot the Qube. In addition, a visual
 observer will be present during all flight operations. Petitioner will assure that the operator of
 the sUAS will have completed sufficient training to ensure the safe operation of the aircraft
 under the proposed conditions. Petitioner anticipates that such a training program would
 involve: (a) at least 25 hours of total flight time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot with at least 10
 hours of multi-rotor time, (b) at least 5 hours of flight time with the Qube, and (c) a currency
 requirement of 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days. Completion of a specialized
 training program in operation of this sUAS will ensure that an equivalent level of safety is
 obtained. Moreover, all flights will be pre-planned, aided by the Qube's autopilot features,
 and conducted in a controlled environment. The FAA has granted similar exemptions to this
 regulation under Exemptions 11109, 11110, and 11062.

          G. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.7 (a) (Airworthiness Requirement)

 This regulation states that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
 condition. Since the Petitioner intends to operate the sUAS without an airworthiness
 certificate, there will be no recognized FAA standard for determining airworthiness. The
 FAA has ruled that similar craft were able to satisfy this airworthiness requirement through
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 13

  compliance with all of the procedures and safeguards described in their respective flight
 manuals under Exemptions 11109 and 11110. The Qube's airworthiness and safety have been
 discussed above and Petitioner will comply with all relevant requirements in the Qube
 Operator's Manual, Duke FOM, and Duke sUAS FOM. Therefore, Petitioner seeks relief
 from this regulation and requests that the policies and procedures outlined in the Duke sUAS
 FOM serve as the aforementioned standard.

          H. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.9 (b)(2) (Flight Manual on Aircraft)

 This regulation requires a flight manual to be carried in the aircraft. Based on the FAA
 Memorandum "Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an
 UA's control station," dated August 8, 2014, the Petitioner is not required to seek relief from
 this regulation. However, if this regulation is found to apply, the Qube is unable to carry a
 flight manual due to the size and weight restrictions of the aircraft. In addition, the pilot is not
 located in the aircraft, but on the ground with the control system. Therefore, the Petitioner
 requests that the Qube operating manual be located with the pilot where it can be easily stored
 and referenced if needed. The FAA has granted similar exemptions to this regulation under
 Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
 10700, 11109, 11111, and 11112.

          I. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.105 (Crewmembers at Stations; Seatbelts)

 This regulation requires flight crewmembers to remain at their stations with fastened seatbelts
 during takeoff and landing. In Exemption No. 11185 the FAA determined that relief from this
 regulation was not necessary because it did not apply to sUAS operations where
 crewmembers remained on the ground. The FAA reasoned that the intent of the regulation
 was to ensure that crewmembers were at the station where their duties could be performed.
 However, since the crewmembers in the previous Exemption were required to be at their
 assigned stations while operating the aircraft and the stations were not equipped with safety
 belts, the regulation did not apply.

 Similarly, the PIC and VO under this petition will remain at their stations during flight
 operations and the Qube will not have any crewmembers aboard the aircraft during any phase
 of the operation. The stations will not be equipped with safety belts or shoulder harnesses.
 Therefore, this regulation does not apply to the Petitioner's operations. Should this regulation
 be found to apply, an exemption is appropriate for the above mentioned reasons.

         J. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.109 (Flight Instruction)
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
 Page 14

 This section requires that all civil aircraft used in flight instruction (except a manned free
 balloon) must have fully functioning dual controls. The Qube is remotely controlled by a
 single pilot through the use of a ruggedized tablet and radio transmitter and it does not have
 fully functioning dual controls. Flight plans can be manually controlled using the tablet's
 digital screen and geofences or altitude limits can be entered in advance of the flight. In
 addition, the Qube can hold its position or return home in the case of a lost link. Unlike
 traditional manned aircraft, the Qube does not require constant or instant input from the pilot
 or instructor in order to operate the device safely. All pilots will receive training in the Qube
 under controlled conditions and since the instructor and student are not located inside the
 aircraft, the instructor can easily assume control of the transmitter at any time. Additionally,
 all pilots will have at least a private pilot's license and training will be conducted during
 designated training sessions. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved through
 the pilot training program, the automated and failsafe features of the aircraft, and the unique
 capabilities of radio controlled sUAS. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training
 in the past with aircraft that lacked fully functional dual controls under Exemptions 11062,
 9862A, 11109, and 11110.

          K. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.119 (Minimum Safe Altitudes)

 This regulation sets the minimum safe altitudes for aircraft operation. Generally, aircraft may
 not be operated lower than 500 feet above the ground, but over open water and sparsely
 populated areas it is permissible to fly below this threshold. Even so, aircraft are still not
 permitted to be operated within 500 feet of any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

 All of the Qube's flights pursuant to this petition will be conducted under 400 feet AGL and
 on the Petitioner's private land. The site in question is a sparsely populated area, but the
 aircraft will be used to evaluate structures on the property. In addition, Petitioner's personnel
 may be within 500 feet of the operations. Due to these circumstances, an exemption from the
 500 feet restriction is necessary.

 The Petitioner is able to achieve an equivalent level of safety because of the Qube's small
 size, light weight, lack of combustible fuels, and automated failsafe features. In addition, all
 flights will be conducted over the Petitioner's property under controlled conditions. The
 Qube will not be flown within 500 feet of any structures or vehicles unless permission has
 been obtained from the owner of such structures or vehicles. Similarly, the Qube will only be
 flown within 500 feet of personnel if they have consented to the operation on the Petitioner's
 property and such proximity is operationally necessary. These operations will be safer than
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11,2015
  Page 15

  equivalent inspections carried out by significantly heavier manned aircraft powered by
  combustible fuels. The low altitude operations conducted by the Qube will also make it less
  likely to encounter other conventional aircraft. The FAA has granted similar exemptions to
  this regulation, especially in regard to structures and vehicles, under Exemptions 11109,
  11110, 11111, and 11112.

           L. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.121 (Altimeter Settings)

 This regulation requires the operator of an aircraft not equipped with a radio to maintain a
 cruising altitude by referencing an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport
 or an appropriate altimeter setting. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by utilizing
 the Qube's onboard GPS receiver to determine its current position and navigate accordingly.
 Prior to flight, the operator will obtain an altitude initiation point and confirm its accuracy.
 The Qube pilot can also use the constantly updated GPS information to determine the
 aircraft's altitude and view this information on the handheld tablet. The FAA has granted a
 similar exemption to this regulation under Exemption 11109.

          M. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151 (a) (Fuel Requirements)

 This regulation requires that an aircraft carry enough fuel to reach the first point of its
 intended landing and: (1) during the day have the ability to fly for at least 30 more minutes; or
 (2) at night have the ability to fly for at least 45 more minutes. The Qube has approximately
 40 minutes of flight time on a fully charged battery. An exemption from this regulation is
 therefore necessary since the aircraft would not be able to maintain the required 30 minute
 reserve flight time unless flights were limited to 10 minutes.

 An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 20% of
 battery power, whichever happens first. These restrictions, in conjunction with the Qube's
 battery sensor and automatic landing features, provide a high degree of safety considering that
 the aircraft will only be operated under controlled conditions on the Petitioner's property.
 The Qube has vertical takeoff and landing capabilities and does not require the same amount
 of landing space as most manned aircraft. In addition, the small size and weight of the Qube
 allows for a much safer emergency landing than traditional aircraft should the power supply
 become depleted. The aircraft will be flown within VLOS and the sUAS pilot will have
 continuous knowledge of the battery life since the Qube provides warnings for low battery
 voltage. The FAA has granted similar exemptions in the past under Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
 10673, 10808, 11109, 11110, and 11112.
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11,2015
  Page 16

           N. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.203 (a) & (b) (Display of Certificates)

  This regulation requires that civil aircraft display airworthiness and registration certificates at
 the cabin or cockpit entrance. Based on the FAA Memorandum "Interpretation regarding
 whether certain required documents may be kept at an UA's control station," dated August 8,
 2014, the Petitioner is not required to seek relief from this regulation. However, if this
 regulation is found to apply, it is not possible for the Petitioner to comply because the Qube is
 an unmanned aircraft and has no cockpit or cabin. Given the small size, weight, and
 loadbearing capabilities of the Qube, it is not practical to display these certificates in any
 other part of the aircraft. Furthermore, the Petitioner is seeking to operate the Qube under an
 exemption to the airworthiness and registration requirements. Such documents can be kept
 with the pilot where they can be immediateIy accessed. An exemption, if required, is
 therefore appropriate under these circumstances. The FAA has reached a similar result
 regarding this regulation under Exemptions 11109, 11111, 11112, and 11114.

          0. 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405 (a) & (d); 91.407 (a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) and (2);
                    91.417 (a) & (b) (Maintenance Inspections and Placarding)

 These regulations specify various maintenance and inspection standards, including a
 requirement under Section 91.405 (a) that the owner or operator of an aircraft "shall have that
 aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
 inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
 prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." Section 91.405 (d) requires placards to be installed if
 listed discrepancies include inoperative instruments or equipment. Section 91.407 makes
 reference to maintenance requirements in Part 43 and Section 91.409 (a)(2) requires an annual
 inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417 requires the owner
 or operator of an aircraft to keep maintenance records of work that was completed in
 accordance with inspection requirements.

 An exemption to these regulations is required because the above mentioned sections require
 an inspection either by an authorized person under 14 C.F.R. Part 43 or pursuant to the
 acquisition of an airworthiness certificate. The Petitioner plans to operate the Qube without
 an airworthiness certificate and would like to conduct its own inspections at the operator level
 per the attached Qube Operator's Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
 through pre-flight inspections, maintenance, and recordkeeping conducted in accordance with
 the Qube Operator's Manual. The operator will perform a visual inspection of key
 components, test all batteries, and keep a log of inspection and flight activities. Inspections
 involve pre-flight, post-flight, and scheduled maintenance requirements. Operators will be
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11,2015
 Page 17

 the individuals most familiar with this type of aircraft and it would not enhance safety to have
 a certified mechanic conduct the inspections on a new and relatively simple sUAS system.
 The Qube also has the capability to automatically sense a mechanical deficiency and conduct
 an emergency landing. sUAS are smaller and lighter than traditional aircraft and can land
 almost immediately if issues arise. Given all of these elements and the fact that the aircraft
 will be operated in a controlled environment over the Petitioner's property, the equivalent
 level of safety can be achieved. The FAA has granted similar exemptions to this regulation
 under Exemptions 11109, 11110, and 11112.

          P. 14 C.F.R. Section 91.103 (b)(2) (Preflight Action)

 This regulation requires the PIC to become familiar with certain information prior to
 beginning a flight, including information relating to the aircraft performance and
 environmental conditions. Several prior Exemptions have found that relief from this
 regulation was not necessary because the petitioners could comply with the requirements by
 reviewing weather data, checking battery life, and reviewing landings, takeoff distances, and
 aircraft performance. Exemptions where the FAA found that relief from this regulation was
 not necessary include 11153, 11109, 11150, and 11138.

 Should the FAA find that this regulation applies, relief would be necessary since there is no
 approved flight manual for the Qube. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved because
 prior to every flight the operator will perform a visual inspection of key components, test all
 batteries, and keep a log of inspection and flight activities. In addition, weather data and site
 specific conditions will be reviewed by the operator, a visual observer will be present during
 all flight operations, and the aforementioned operational requirements will remain in effect.

 VI. Public Interest

 Petitioner submits that the exemptions requested by this petition are in the public interest
 because the sUAS operations contemplated by this petition will not pose a threat to users of
 the NAS, the general public, or to national security, and have the potential to provide
 significant benefits to the employees and customers of Petitioner. Specifically, these sUAS
 operations will allow employees to inspect critical infrastructure without the dangers of
 ascending towers or working near high voltage power lines. The public interest is furthered
 by reducing the danger to the personnel who service utility lines and ensure the safe
 transmission of electrical power to thousands of customers. In addition, current inspections
 are often conducted with helicopters that could weigh thousands of pounds and carry many
HUNTON&

WilliAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 18

  gallons of combustible fuel. sUAS are nearly silent in flight and therefore are less likely to
  disturb neighboring property owners. In the rare case of a sUAS crash, no combustible liquid
  fuel would be onboard and the damage caused would be much less given the light weight and
  small size of the aircraft. Finally, sUAS operations provide a unique cost effective method of
 inspecting the critical components of the nation's electrical infrastructure, creating a savings
 that will be passed on to customers throughout the distribution area.

 VII. Privacy

 All flights will occur over private or controlled-access property with permission from the
 landowner. Any images taken will be of individuals who have consented to be filmed or
 otherwise have agreed to be in the area where aerial photography will take place. In addition,
 all flights will be monitored by the operator and a visual observer to ensure that the sUAS
 does not deviate from the proposed flight plan.

 VIII. Federal Register Notice

 Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, Petitioner provides the following notice in the event that the
 FAA determines publication is required:

 Duke Energy Business Services, LLC, ("Duke") a subsidiary of Duke Energy Corporation,
 has filed a petition with the FAA seeking an exemption from the following rules in connection
 with the operation of a small unmanned aircraft system (sUAS):

 14 CFR Part 21 (H); 14 CFR Part 36; 14 CFR Section 45.23; 14 CFR Section 91.9 (c); 14
 CFR Part 47; 14 CFR Part 49; 14 CFR Section 61.3 (d); 14 CFR Section 61.31 (d); 14 CFR
 Section 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 CFR Section 61.133 (a); 14 CFR Section 91.7 (a); 14 CFR
 Section 91.9 (b)(2); 14 CFR Section 91.109; 14 CFR Section 91.119; 14 CFR Section 91.121;
 14 CFR Section 91.151 (a); 14 CFR Section 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CFR Section 91.405 (a) &
 (d); 14 CFR Section 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR Section 91.409 (a)(l) and (2); 14 CFR Section
 91.417 (a) & (b).

 Duke's proposed sUAS operations will take place on private property, under 400 feet above
 ground level, for less than 40 minutes at a time, and in areas where consent has been obtained
 from property owners and on-site personnel. The purpose of the operations is to research
 suitable methods of inspecting utility lines and other infrastructure for maintenance and repair
 functions. The use of sUAS in lieu of climbing operations or traditional aircraft will enhance
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 19

 the safety of utility workers and reduce the risk to lives and property. The proposed platform,
 the Qube by AeroVironment, weighs less than 6 pounds, carries no combustible fuel, and is
 battery powered. The conditions and safety standards set forth in the petition will achieve a
 level of safety that is equivalent to, or higher than, the level of safety obtained by traditional
 aircraft under the above-mentioned regulations.

 IX. Summary

 Given the conditions and standards proposed above, and the proven track record of the
 AeroVironment Qube, Petitioner's proposed operations will not create a hazard to other
 aircraft in the NAS or present a threat to national security. The Qube is a light weight, battery
 powered, and highly sophisticated sUAS with numerous automated safety features. Its
 effectiveness and airworthiness have been proven through thousands of hours of safe flight
 time around the world. In order to achieve a level of safety equivalent to that of traditional
 aircraft, Petitioner has proposed conditions such as line of sight control, the presence of a
 visual observer, private property restrictions, reserve power levels, training programs, and
 notice to interested parties in the surrounding area. The requested exemptions are appropriate
 because sUAS provide many safety advantages over traditional aircraft and any additional
 risks posed by such systems have been sufficiently mitigated.

 X. Prayer for Relief

 Based on the foregoing information, Petitioner hereby requests an exemption from the above-
 listed regulations and such further relief that the FAA determines appropriate for the proposed
 operations.

 Respectfully submitted,

 Attachments
 cc: Clayton Morgan, Esq., Duke Energy

          Mr. James Williams, FAA
          Mr. Robert Pappas, FAA
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

  U.S. Department of Transportation
  March 11, 2015
  Page 20

                                                     Attachment 1
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11,2015
 Page 21

                                              Confidential Exhibit 1
                              Submitted Confidentially Under Separate Cover

                                     Supplement to the Duke Energy
                     Flight Operations Manual for Small Unmanned Aircraft
HUNTON&

WilliAMS

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11,2015
 Page 22

                                              Confidential Exhibit 2
                              Submitted Confidentially Under Separate Cover

                                       Duke Flight Operations Manual
HUNTON&

WILLIAMS

 U.S. Department of Transportation
 March 11, 2015
 Page 23

                                              Confidential Exhibit 3
                              Submitted Confidentially Under Separate Cover

                                           Qube Operator's Manual

 34085.000112 EMF_US 53466223vll
