June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11838
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1162

Mr. John Blickem
GIS Analyst
DuPage County Stormwater Management
421 N County Farm Road
Wheaton, IL 60187

Dear Mr. Blickem:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of DuPage County Stormwater Management (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct flood control facility inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, DuPage County Stormwater Management is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, DuPage County Stormwater Management is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                          DU PAGE COUNTY
                                        STORMWATER MANAGEMENT

                                   Daniel J. Cronin, County Board Chairman

STORMWATER MANAGEMENT  STORMWATER REGULATORY SERVICES  NATURAL RESOURCE PROTECTION
                                                        REGIONAL FLOOD CONTROL OPERATIONS

421 N. County Farm Road            (630) 407-6700 Phone
Wheaton, IL 60187                  (630) 407-6701 Fax
                                   www.dupageco.org/swm

U.S. Department of Transportation  March 27, 2015
Docket Operations
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Petition of DuPage County Stormwater Management for Exemption Pursuant to
                 Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom It May Concern:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, DuPage County Stormwater Management hereby applies for an
exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations identified below.

         This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption,
the enclosed UAS manufacturer's operations and/or instructions manual and any other
requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the FRMA
Page 2

         For your convenience, the petition is organized as follows:

         I. Petitioner's Description

         II. Relevant Statutory Authority

         III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

         IV. Description of Proposed Operations

         V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

                  A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14
                      C.F.R. § 91.203

                  B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                      Rotorcraft

                  C. 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                      Identification Requirements

                  D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
                  E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
                  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
                  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
                  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
                  I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
                  J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR

                      Conditions
                  K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and

                      Registration
                  L. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):

                      Maintenance Inspections

         VI. Public Interest
         VII. Privacy
         VIII. Federal Registry Summary
         IX. Conclusion
Page 3

         I. Petitioner's Description

         DuPage County Stormwater Management was established in 1989 in recognition of the critical
need to limit the reoccurrence of extensive flood damage to various communities within the County.
The County owns and operates several flood control facilities that help to provide this essential flood
relief. One of these facilities includes the Elmhurst Quarry Flood Control Facility. This 8,300 acre-
foot facility (containing two lobes at a depth of 200') has the capacity to hold 8.7 billion gallons of
flood water that would otherwise inundate several communities along Salt Creek. Other major
facilities include the Fawell Dam on the West Branch of the DuPage River, and the Wood Dale/Itasca
Reservoir. Because the operation of these various facilities is so critical, exhaustive maintenance and
quality control inspection is one of our top priorities.

         There is an inherent danger when working in the waterways, around large scale hydraulic
structures, and near the high walls of a stone quarry. Our emphasis on maintenance inspections and
efficient operation analysis has led us to explore better ways to perform these critical tasks. The safety
of our communities and of our inspection team is paramount. We have an obligation to identify and
control potentially dangerous situations through early intervention in the safest and most efficient
manner possible.

John Blickem
DuPage County
Stormwater Management
421 N County Farm Rd
Wheaton, IL 60187
630-407-6721
john.blickem@dupageco.org
Page 4

II. Relevant Statutory Authority
         This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to consider whether certain unmanned
aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace ("NAS") before completion of the
formal UAS rulemaking, based on the following considerations:

                  The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
                  Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
                  Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.2
         If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the National Airspace System" (emphasis added).3
         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§
44701(a), (b) and §§ 44702 ­ 44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the
reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely
affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See
14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (petitions for exemption).

2 Id. at § 333(b)(1).
3 Id. at § 333(c).
Page 5

III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
         The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval

under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors
are satisfied.

         The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively inexpensive UAS
under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) limited; (2) predetermined; (3) controlled as
to access; and that (4) provides an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or
rotor wing aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

         Petitioner's UAS are rotorcraft, weighing approximately 3 pounds. They operate,
under normal conditions, at low speed and have the capability to hover, and move in the
vertical and horizontal plane. Petitioner's UASs will operate in line of sight and will only
operate within a sterile area described in the enclosed Manual.4

         Given the small size of the UASs involved and the restricted sterile environment within
which they will operate, this petition exemption falls within the zone of safety i.e., an
equivalent level of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to permit commercial UAS
operations by exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking. Also, due to the size of
the UASs and the restricted area in which the UASs will operate, approval of the application
presents no national security issue.

         Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding
the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of the requested
exemptions is also in the public interest.

         Accordingly, Petition respectfully requests the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.

4 See Manual Sections 11
Page 6

IV. Description of Proposed Operations

         The enclosed Manual describes, in detail, the policies and procedures for Petitioner's
proposed UAS operations. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of Petitioner's proposed
UAS operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions which will
ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines:

         1. The UAS will weigh approximately 3 pounds.

         2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.

         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                  amount of time the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power
                  of no less than 25%.

         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
                  ("AGL").

         5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of least 100 feet from any inhabited
                  structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, or people not associated with the operation
                  or who have not signed a waiver in advance of the operation.

         6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, a Visual
                  Observer, and a Sensor Operator.

         7. The UAS Pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's
                  certificate and second class medical certificate.

         8. The UAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command ("PIC"). If a pilot certificate holder
                  other than the UAS Pilot, who possesses the necessary PIC qualifications, is also
                  present, that person can be designated as PIC.

         9. The UAS will operate only within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the
                  Manual.5

         10. Prior to the operation, a project packet will be created which includes all safety
                  and operational information necessary to safely carry out the flight.

         11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to
                  each day's missions. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
                  performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this
                  briefing.
Page 7

         12. Pilot, Visual Observer and Sensor Operator will at all times be able to
                  communicate by voice and/or text.

         13. Pilot, Visual Observer and Sensor Operator will have been trained in operations
                  of UAS generally and received up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be
                  operated as required in the Manual.

         14. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
                  obtained.

         15. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                  appropriate governmental agencies.

         16. The operator will file a FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as modified in light
                  of the requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight Standards District Office
                  ("FSDO").

         17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the
                  capability to return to a pre-determined location within the Sterile Area and land.

         18. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                  communication between the pilot and the observer.

         19. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted
                  obstacles or emergencies.

6 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
Page 8

V. Regulations From Which Exemption is requested
         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.

This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.6

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21,
45 and 91 for purposes of conducting Flare Stack inspections using UASs. Listed below are (1)
the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and (2) the operating
procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a level of safety
better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.7

         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, which establishes the
procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the UAS to be utilized
by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21, Subpart H, meets the requirements of an equivalent
level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act.

         The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to
exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAS.

         In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be
at least as safe as, or safer than, a conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness
certificate without restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS operations.

7 See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:
         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
         exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
         which you seek exemption.
Page 9

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UAS to be operated hereunder, DJI Phantom 2 Vision + multi-rotor rotorcraft,
weighs approximately 3 pounds, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured and sterile area.
Unlike other civil aircraft, the proposed operations will be controlled and monitored by the
operator, as well as an observer and sensor operator, pursuant to the Manual's requirements.
Moreover, the FAA will have advance notice of all operations conducted under this exemption.

         These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection
with existing inspection operations, provide a greater degree of safety to the Petitioner's
employees, members of the public, and property owners than conventional operations conducted
with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of
these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the
UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels,
and inability to carry a substantial external load.

         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                  Rotorcraft

         14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's UAS would otherwise require
certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards
for the same reasons identified in the exemption request from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         C. 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. § § 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

             14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
             provides that:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                  identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

             14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                  number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                  experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
                  on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
                  not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
                  "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
Page 10

             14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

                  Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both
                  surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

         Exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b) is warranted because the UAS has no entrance to
the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Moreover,
given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible.

         Given the nature of the specific relief sought by this exemption request, Petitioner
requires relief from the associated marking and identification requirements of § 45.27(a) and
§ 91.9(c), which would require compliance with § 45.23(b).

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The equivalent level of safety for exemptions to the aircraft marking and identification
requirements of §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a) will be provided by having the UAS marked
on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f).

         The FAA has previously issued the following exemptions to the aircraft marking
requirements of § 45.23(b): Exemption Nos. 10700, 10167 and 10167A.

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the flight manual requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.9(b)(2), which states:

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­

         ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of
                  this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
                  Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings and placards, or
                  any combination thereof.

         Given its physical dimensions, configuration and load capacity, the UAS has no ability
to carry such a manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because
there is simply no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The safety related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by
maintaining the UAS flight manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS
will have immediate access to it. Accordingly, Petitioner requests an exemption from
91.9(b)(2)'s flight manual requirements, on the condition that the UAS flight manual be
available at the control point during each operation.
Page 11

         E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. Inasmuch there will be no airworthiness
certificate issued for the UAS, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard
will exist for determining airworthiness.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision + has a stellar safety record, demonstrating that the UAS is
airworthy. Further, given the size of the UAS and the requirements contained in the Manual for
maintenance and pre-flight safety check lists, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

         The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight manual is required on board the aircraft.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Aircraft Operations
Manual. The PIC will take all required preflight actions - including reviewing weather, flight
battery requirements, landing and takeoff distance, and aircraft performance data - before
initiation of flight. The Aircraft Operations Manual will be kept at the ground station with the
operator at all times.

         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o
person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely piloted
aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of a box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications.
Page 12

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be
performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS, and all
persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties
during flight instruction.

         The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. Exemptions
include: Nos. 5778K and 9862A.

         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

         To provide the intended flood control facility inspections, the UAS is always operated
below 400 feet AGL. Additionally, due the nature of the proposed operations, the UAS will
maintain a lateral distance of at least 100 feet from inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, and
vessels, and from people not associated with the operation.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum 25
pounds proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the
location where it is operated. As set forth in the Manual, the UAS will be operated in a
restricted and sterile area, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without
their pre-obtained consent. Because of the advance notice to the property owners and
participants, all affected individuals will be well aware of the planned flight operations as set
forth in the Manual.

         Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the UAS will not interfere with other
aircraft that are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. Finally, the successful safety
record of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + demonstrates that the UAS can be safely used at these
lower altitudes and closer operating environments.
Page 13

         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
because the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read out.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth in the
Manual. As prescribed in the Manual, the operator will confirm the altitude of the launch site
shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. Moreover, the PIC will use the GPS altitude
indicator built in to the UAS to constantly monitor height, thus ensuring operation at safe
altitudes.

         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                  Conditions

         Petitioner requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                  (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
                  the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the battery powering the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + provides approximately 15
minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30 minutes reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151,
UAS flights could not be conducted. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and
the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a safety margin based on a
reserve amount of battery life is needed. Petitioner will not be conducting any UAS flights at
night.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the operations will be conducted
on-site without significant transit time by the UAS. All flights will be planned to be terminated
with no less than 25% reserve battery power still available. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the UAS safely to the ground and its planned landing zone from anywhere in
its limited operating area even in the event of an unexpected occurrence. Operation of the UAS
Page 14

with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not include the type of risks that Section 91.151(a)
was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS, and the proximity of the
flight operation to the landing zone. Moreover, operation will be limited to controlled areas
where only people and property owners, or official representatives who have signed waivers. will
be allowed.

         This request for exemption falls within the scope of prior exemptions, including
Exemption Nos. 10673, 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification
                  and Registration

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from civil aircraft certification and registration
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b). The regulation states in pertinent part:

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required
                  by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under
                  § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                  passengers or crew.

         In addition to the fact that Petitioner is seeking an exemption from the airworthiness
certificate requirements, an exemption to this regulation is necessary because: (1) the UAS's
configuration, load capacity and size does not allow it to carry certification and registration
documents; (2) the UAS does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance at which documents could be
displayed; and (3) there are no passengers or crew for whom the certificates need to be
displayed.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         To the extent these regulations are applicable to the proposed UAS operations, an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the PIC will have immediate access to them.

         The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation, including: Exemption Nos.
9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.
Page 15

         L. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                  Maintenance Inspections

Petitioner also seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. §
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed
because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which
the UAS will not have.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the Aircraft Operations Manual as referenced in the Manual.
As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed.
The operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft
in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

         If mechanical issues arise, the UAS's size and carrying capacity, and the fact that flight
operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time during daylight
hours, creates less risk than that associated with conventional rotorcraft performing the same
operation.

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

         Granting DuPage County Stormwater Management's exemption request furthers the
public interest. National policy set by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the national
airspace in controlled, safe working environments such as those proposed in this petition.

         By their nature, flood control facilities present unique difficulties for persons attempting
to inspect and maintain this vital piece of infrastructure. Sending personnel to inspect dam
structures and high walled flood storage facilities puts personnel at risk. These risks can be
avoided by using a small UAS under controlled conditions to photograph and document the
state of the equipment. This helps to facilitate repairs and identify issues before they become
problems. The public deserves to have the highest level of quality control as they rely heavily
on these facilities for flood protection. Employing the UAS in this capacity will further help to
insure their safety.
Page 16

VII. Privacy

         All flights will occur over property with the property owner's prior consent and
knowledge.

VIII. Federal Registry Summary

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         DuPage County Stormwater Management seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR Part 27; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR
         91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109(a); 14 CFR 91.119; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR
         91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR
         91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b).

         Approval of these exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight
unmanned aircraft ("UAS") to conduct flare stack inspections will enhance safety by reducing
risk to DuPage County Stormwater Management employees, the general public and property
owners.

         The DJI Phantom 2 Vision + UAS, weighing approximately 3 pounds and powered by
batteries, eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible
fuel carried on board. The UAS is transported to the designated survey area set up. It is not
flown from an external location to the work-site. The UAS will carry no passengers or crew
and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

         The operation of this small UAS will provide an equivalent level of safety, supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight UASs operate at
slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment. As a result, they are far safer than
conventional aerial survey and inspection operations conducted with fixed wing aircraft or
helicopters.
Page 17

IX. Conclusion
         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,

weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security--provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions to permit DuPage County Stormwater Management to
operate a UAS in support of its flood control facility inspections in accordance with the manual
appended hereto.

         If additional information is required, or if you have any questions regarding this Petition
for Exemption, please contact the undersigned or at:

John Blickem
GIS Analyst
Stormwater Management
421 N County Farm Rd
Wheaton, IL 60187
630-407-6721
john.blickem@dupageco.org
