September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12994
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2742

Mr. David E. Altobelli
Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC
11 Ascot Park
Nashua, NH 03063

Dear Mr. Altobelli:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct
photography and videography of industrial structures, real estate, and nature/scenic settings.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and a DJI
Spreading Wings S1000+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI Spreading Wings S1000+ when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the enclosed COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                              Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC

                                     Contact: David E. Altobelli
                                             11 Ascot Park

                                          Nashua, NH 03063
                                    Email Daltobelli1@mac.com

                                       Phone (603) 305-7705

June 25, 2015

U.S. Department Of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
 ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
reform act) and 14 CFR Part 11, Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC, a company that owns and
operates Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), requests to be exempted from
the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR) listed below so that Eagle Drone Imaging,
LLC may operate UAS commercially in airspace regulated by the FAA, as long as such
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as
maybe established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

Company Background and Planned Operations
Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC is a New Hampshire company owned by David E. Altobelli.
Mr. Altobelli is a commercially rated helicopter pilot, with a current medical
certificate and flight review, and nearly 320 hours as PIC. He also has an estimated
25 hours of experience flying UAS and is familiar with the operations and the
maintenance of the hardware and software updates for these systems.
Operations will involve collection of aerial imaging and sensor data to enable
inspections and assessments of industrial structures, agricultural management and
surveys, and photography and videography (e.g. land and water based venues for
imaging real-estate, naturaljscenic settings, outings, functions and events).

Equivalent Level of Safety
The requested exception would permit the operation of a lightweight (less than 55
lbs. total takeoff weight) UAS under controlled conditions for commercial use by a
certified commercial helicopter pilot thereby enhancing safety and fulfilling the
Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibility to" establish
requirements for safe operation of such aircraft systems in national airspace
systems", Section 333 (c) of the Reform Act. The enhanced safety using a UAS in
comparison to a manned aircraft, including helicopters of significantly greater
proportion and carrying a crew with flammable fuel is self-evident and beneficial to
the public's interest, while being able to provide commercially beneficial
information and data more quickly, accurately, safely and economically with greatly
reduced environmental impact. All operations will be conducted from safe and
appropriate distances for the specific operation. All operations will be performed
with the public's safety and right to privacy safeguarded at all times.

UAS Devices
Eagle Drone Imaging's UAS(s) are battery-powered, weighing well less than 55
pounds including payload. Our UAS fleet will include the DJI Phantom Series, the DJI
Inspire Series, and the Spreading Wings Series of RC multi-prop helicopters. The
specific UAS(s) to be initially included in our fleet:

Parameter           DJI Phantom 2         DJI Inspire 1         Spreading Wings
                    Vision Plus                                 S1000+
Type                4 Prop RC helicopter  4 Prop RC helicopter  8 Prop RC helicopter
Weight              2.71bs.               6.471bs.              24.2 lbs. max
Flight Speed (max1  29 knots              42 knots              42 knots
Flight Time         20min.                18min.                15 min.
Camera              Integrated            Integrated            DSLRcamera

They operate at speeds well less than 87 knots and have the capability to hover and
move in the vertical and horizontal planes simultaneously in a precisely controlled
manner. Our primary intent is to utilize them at much slower speeds for our imaging
and data collection applications. As upgrades become available, we would like to be
able to incorporate the more advanced systems in each series into our operations
after we have thoroughly reviewed new documentation and have trained to be
capable and comfortable with their flying characteristics.

Statutory Authority for Exemptions
Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC submits this application in accordance with the Reform
Act, 112 P.L. 95 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FAR'S
operating to prevent Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC from future commercial use of small
UAS to operate in the national airspace system as described below. The reform Act
section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft into our
national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Eagle Drone
Imaging, LLC's UAS(s) will meetthe definition of"small unmanned aircraft" as
defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of these UAS are expressly
contemplated by the Reform Act. Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC would like to operate its'
light weight UAS(s) prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the
FAA to promulgate rules governing such aircraft.

The Reform Act directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in national airspace before
completion of the rule making required under Section 332 of the reform Act. In
making this determination, the Secretary of Transportation is required to determine
which UAS do create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public
or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

           -The UAS size, speed, weight and operational capability

           - Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas

           -Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator

 Reform Act 333(a). If the secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate
 safely in National Airspace System, the secretary shall establish requirements for
 the safe operation in national airspace.

        Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC utilizes multi-prop RC helicopters weighing less
        than SSlbs. that operate at speeds less than 50 knots and have the capability
        to hover and operate in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously in a
        precisely controlled manner. The UAS will operate only within the visual
        line-of-sight of the operator within a controlled flight area and at 400 feet
        above ground level (AGL) or less. Most operations are envisioned at less than
        100 feet AGL. These will not present a hazard to the national airspace nor
        the public.

         The very small nature of these UAS combined with the risk management
        presented below, will allow for the safe operation greater than that
        envisioned by Congress for the FAA to establish and by exemption allowing
        commercial operations of UAS to commence immediately. Also due to the
        size of UAS and the controlled areas and the low altitudes in which they will
        operate, approval of this exemption presents no national security issues and
        absolutely minimal safety concerns which have been mitigated through our
        risk management process. Given the clear direction given in Section 333 of
        the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as
        amended, the strong equivalent level of enhanced safety, reduced emissions
        utilizing UAS verses traditional aircraft as well as the economic impact of
        greatly reducing the cost of aerial data and imaging acquisition thereby
        benefits the greater public's interest. Accordingly, the applicant requests that
        the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.
Regulations For Exemption Request
Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC respectfully requests the grant of an exemption to the
following specific sections of the Title 14 Code of Federal regulations allowing it to
operate lightweight UASs for commercial use:

Regulation             Brief Description
14 CFR 21, subpart H
14 CFR 45.23 (b)       Air Worthiness Certificates

14 CFR 91.7 (a)        Identification and Registration
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)    Marking
                       Civil Aircraft Worthiness
14 CFR 91.103 (b)      Civil aircraft flight manual,
14 CFR 91.109          marking, and placard requirements

14 CFR 91.119          Preflight action
14 CFR 91.121          Flight instruction; Simulated
14 CFR 91.151(a)       instrument flight and certain flight
                       tests
14 CFR 91.203(a) &(b)  Minimum safe altitudes
                       Altimeter settings
14 CFR 91.405(a)
14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)    Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
                       conditions
14 CFR 91.409(a)&(b)
                       Civil Aircraft: Certifications
                       required
                       Maintenance required
                       Operation after maintenance,
                       preventive maintenance,
                       rebuilding, or alteration.
                       Inspections

A more detailed request for regulation exemptions is provided in Appendix A below.

Operational Risk Management: Conditions and Limitations

The following are our proposed procedures and limitations for the flight operations
of Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC. These proposed guidelines will be modified as such
from recommendations provided by the FAA in conjunction with the submission of
this request:

       1. Flights will only occur during the daytime hours.
       2. Flights will be operated in the visual line-of-sight (VLOS) of the operator

            (PIC) and the visual observer (VO) using human vision with no
           supplemental devices other than corrective lenses.
       3. Flights will be terminated at any time the weather and wind deteriorate to
           being "unsafe for flight" based on manufacturers recommendations and the
           PIC's experience. Operations will follow the anticipated guidelines of this
    exemption (operations under visual meteorological conditions-VMC, and
    standard visual flight rules-VFR)
4. All documents, manuals and maintenance logs associated with the UAS will
    be present on the site of operations. In addition, the credentials of the PIC
    (pilot certificate, pilot logbook with current flight review, current medical,
    and proper identification) will be available onsite.
5. The UAS will be assessed for airworthiness by the PIC prior to each flight
    session using a checklist derived from the manufacturers manual. All
    necessary calibrations and testing prior to the flight session will be
    performed.
6. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs. with speeds well less than 87 knots.
7. Flights will be operated at 400 feet AGL or less, or as defined from the
    outcome of this request for exemption.
8. Crew will be at a minimum of the operator (PIC) and an observer and/or
    camera operator (VO). The PIC will be responsible for flying the UAS and
    monitoring its status and flight dynamics, while maintaining line of sight
    visualization and keeping the system operations within the specified
    factory limits (e.g. flight range, battery power, etc.). The VO will be
    involved in monitoring the airspace for other aircraft, the ground for
    unintended vehicles and bystanders, and will also look for additional
    hazards that could compromise safe operations.
9. Operator (PIC) and crew, including the VO will remain in voice contact
    during the entire flight operation
10. Prior to operations, weather forecasts, weather radar, and air traffic
    patterns for the area will be reviewed. The proximity of the intended
    location with respect to airports and TFRs will be determined using
    Foreflight software on our iPad or mobile phones. If operations are
    anticipated within 5 nautical miles of airport reference points, the airport
    management or Air Traffic Control (ATC) tower will be notified prior to
    the operation, identifying the location, anticipated time, and the intent of
    flight operations. We will also have available a hand-held portable radio to
    enable monitoring oflocal air traffic and to establish, if necessary,
    communication with the local tower. When in the vicinity of non-towered
    airports, we will monitor air traffic in the area and be able to inform them
    of our operations as needed.
11. The UAS PIC will perform a final check of the flight area and make certain
    of the safety of all persons present and property in the controlled area
    prior to initiating flight operations.
12. All UAS will have the capability to return automatically to the operator in a
    safe manner in the event oflost RC communication or a system problem.
    The auto-return function will be checked and verified for proper operation
    on a regular basis. A starting GPS home-position will be established prior
    to continuing each new flight.
13. The UAS will have indicators on the control and/or displays to inform the
    operator of the UAV's distance away from the operator, its altitude and
    velocity, and its remaining battery power.
14. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
     obtained when flights are conducted over private or controlled access
     property.

Benefits to the Public as a Whole

Approval of these 333 exemptions in general would allow commercial
operations of small UAS to provide numerous services that would benefit from
aerial imaging and data collection while greatly enhancing safety by reducing
the overall risk associated with traditional aircraft. Traditional aerial imaging
requires large aircraft, such as helicopters, with flammable fuel to fly in close
proximity of populated areas and people and often in sub-optimal states of
their height-velocity curves. With the use of small UAS of 55 lbs. or less that
are battery operated and flying below 400 feet AGL, the risk of injury of people
on the ground or the crew is greatly minimized in comparison. The granting of
the use of these small UAS by Eagle Drone Imaging, LLCwill allow companies
like ours to grow and provide career opportunities while also enabling safe
and beneficial free enterprise services that would assist other companies in
their business and also provide enjoyment and information to the general
public.

Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC respectfully requests the FAA grant its exemption
without delay. The FAA has the authority to issue the exemption sought by
Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC pursuant to the Federal Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726
(1958) as amended (the ACT).

Please contact me ifl can provide additional information and clarity to help
expedite the process.

Eagle Drone Imaging, LLC
11 Ascot Park
Nashua, NH 03063
Dalto belli 1 @mac.com
Cell603-305-7705

Commercial Pilot Rotorcraft-Helicopter
Certificate Number: 3358875 (20 Nov 2010)
Appendix A: Regulations for Requested Exemption

Regulation Code  Brief         Regulation Description                    Justification for Regulation
                 Description                                             Exemption
14 CFR21,                      Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness         Given the size, weight and defined
subpartH,        Air           Certificates, sets forth requirements     area of operations for Eagle Drone
14 CFR §91.203   Worthiness    for procurement of necessary              Imaging, LLC UAS flights permits
(a) (1)          Certificates  airworthiness certificates in relation    exception from Part 21 because they
                               to FAR §91.203(a)(1).                     meet an equivalent level of safety
                                                                         pursuant to Section 333 ofthe
                                                                         Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to
                                                                         exempt aircraft from the
                                                                         airworthiness certificate
                                                                         requirement under both the Act (49
                                                                         USC 4470(f) and Section 333 of the
                                                                         Reform Act. Both pieces of
                                                                         legislation permit the FAA to exempt
                                                                         UASs from airworthiness certificates
                                                                         in consideration of weight, size,
                                                                         speed, maneuverability and
                                                                         proximity to areas such as airports
                                                                         and dense populations.
                                                                         The UAS to be operated are less than
                                                                         55 lbs. fully loaded, carry neither
                                                                         pilot nor passenger, carry no
                                                                         explosive materials or flammable
                                                                         fuels, and operates within a secured
                                                                         controlled area. Operations under
                                                                         this exemption will be tightly
                                                                         controlled and monitored to ensure
                                                                         safe operations.

14 CFR §45.23    Marking of    The regulation requires: When             Even though the UAS will have no
(b)              Aircraft      marks include only the Roman              airworthiness certificate, an
                               capital letter "N" and the                exemption may be needed as the
                               registration number is displayed on       UAS will have no entrance to the
                               limited, restricted or light-sport        cabin, cockpit or pilot station on
                               category aircraft or experimental or      which the word Experimental" can
                               provisionally certificated aircraft,      be placed. Given the size of the UAS,
                               the operator must also display on         two-inch lettering will not be
                               that aircraft near each entrance to       possible. The word "Experimental"
                               the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in  will be placed on the fuselage in
                               letters not less than 2 inches nor        compliance with §45.29 (f). The
                               more than 6 inches high, the words        equivalent level of safety will be
                               "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"   provided by having the UAS marked
                               "experimental," or "provisional," as      on its fuselage as required by §45.29
                               applicable.                               (f) where the pilot, observer and
                                                                         others working with the UAS will see
                                                                         the identification of the UAS as
                                                                         "Experimental." The FAA has issued
                                                                         the following exemptions to this
                                                                         regulation to Exemptions Nos.
                                                                         10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A. If
                                                                         required, the N registration number
                                                                         will also be displayed on the fuselage
                                                                         in a font size appropriate for the
                                                                         dimension ofthe device for
                                                                         identification purposes.

14 CFR §91.7 (a) Civil Aircraft The regulation requires that no          Given the size of the aircraft and the
                  Worthiness      person may operate a civil aircraft     requirements contained in the
                                  unless it is in airworthy condition.    Manufacturers Operating Manual for
                                  As there will be no airworthiness       maintenance and use of safety
                                  certificate issued for the aircraft,    checklists prior to each flight, an
                                  should this exemption be granted,       equivalent level of safety will be
                                  no FAA regulatory standard will         provided.
                                  exist for determining airworthiness.

14 CFR §91.9 (b)  Civil aircraft  No person may operate a U.S.-           The UAS, given its size and
(2)               flight manual   registered civil aircraft ... (2) For   configuration has no ability or place
                                  which an Airplane or Rotorcraft         to carry such a flight manual on the
                                  Flight Manual is not required by        aircraft, not only because there is no
                                  §21.5 ofthis chapter, unless there is   pilot on board, but because there is
                                  available in the aircraft a current     no room or capacity to carry such an
                                  approved airplane or Rotorcraft         item on the aircraft.
                                  Flight Manual, approved manual          The equivalent level of safety will be
                                  material, markings, and placards, or    maintained by keeping the flight
                                  any combination thereof.                manual at the ground control point
                                                                          where the pilot flying the UAS with
                                                                          immediate access to it. The FAA has
                                                                          issued the following exemptions to
                                                                          this regulation: Exemption Nos.
                                                                          8607,8737,8738,9299,9299A,
                                                                          9565,9565B,10167,10167A,
                                                                          10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 CFR §91.103    Preflight       This regulation requires each pilot     Flight information such as runway
(b)               action          in command become familiar with         distances and flight performance are
                                  all information concerning that         not relevant to the operation of UAS.
                                  flight including runway distances       The equivalent action is that the PIC
                                  and takeoff and landing distances,      will review airspace considerations,
                                  with this data provide in FAA           weather, flight battery requirements,
                                  approved rotorcraft flight manuals      land and property boundaries with
                                  will not be provided for the aircraft   respect to takeoff and landing
                                  an exemption will be needed.            locations. Manuals for the UAS will
                                                                          present on site of all operations.

14 CFR §91.109    Flight          This section provides that no person    UAS are remotely piloted aircraft, by
                  instruction;    may operate a civil aircraft (except a  their design do not have fully
                  Simulated       manned free balloon) that is being      functional dual controls. Flight
                  instrument      used for flight instruction unless      control is accomplished through the
                  flight and      that aircraft has fully functioning     use of a control box that
                  certain flight  dual controls.                          communicates with the aircraft via
                  tests                                                   radio communications. The FAA has
                                                                          approved exemptions for flight
                                                                          training without fully functional dual
                                                                          controls for a number of aircraft and
                                                                          for flight instruction in experimental
                                                                          aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K &
                                                                          9862A. The equivalent level of safety
                                                                          can be achieved as neither a pilot
                                                                          nor passengers will be carried in the
                                                                          aircraft in addition to the small size
                                                                          and low speed ofthe aircraft.

14CFR§91.119      Minimum         Section §91.119 establishes safe        This exemption is for a UAS that is a
                  safe altitudes  altitudes for operation of civil        RC multi-prop helicopter with the
                                  aircraft. Section §91.119 (d) allows    exemption requesting authority to
                                  helicopters to be operated at less      operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL.
                                  than the minimums prescribed,           The equivalent level of safety will be
                                  provided the person operating the       achieved given the size, weight, and
                                  helicopter complies with any route        speed of the UAS as well as the
                                  or altitudes prescribed for               location where it is operated. No
                                  helicopters by the FAA.                   flight will be taken without the
                                                                            permission ofthe property owner or
                                                                            local officials.

14 CFR §91.121   Altimeter        This regulation requires each             The UAS typically may not have a
                 settings         person operating an aircraft to           barometric altimeter, but instead a
14CFR                             maintain cruising altitude by             GPS altitude read out, an exemption
§91.151(a)                        reference to an altimeter that is set     may be needed. An equivalent level
                                  " ...to the elevation ofthe departure     of safety will be achieved by the
14CFR                             airport or an appropriate altimeter       operator, pursuant to the Manual
§91.203(a) &(b)                   setting available before departure."      and Safety Check list, by receiving
                                                                            altitude information via a digitally
                                                                            encoded telemetric data feed, which
                                                                            downlinks from the aircraft to a
                                                                            ground-based on-screen display.
                                                                            This altitude information will be
                                                                            generated by equipment installed on
                                                                            board the aircraft, using GPS
                                                                            triangulation, or digitally encoded
                                                                            barometric altimeter, or radio
                                                                            altimeter, or any combination
                                                                            thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero
                                                                            altitude initiation point will be
                                                                            established, recorded and confirmed
                                                                            for accuracy by the pilot.

                 Fuel             Section §91.151 (a) prohibits an          The battery powering the UAS
                 requirements     individual from beginning "a flight       provides approximately 20 minutes
                 for flight in    in an airplane under VFR conditions       of powered flight. To
                 VFR              unless (considering wind and              meet the 30 minute reserve
                 conditions       forecast weather conditions) there        requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, UAS
                                  is enough fuel to fly to the first point  flights would not be practical. Given
                                  of intended landing, and, assuming        the limitations on the UAS's
                                  normal cruising speed- (1) During         proposed operations are within the
                                  the day, to fly after that for at least   "line-of -sight" distances, flight
                                  30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly       durations will instead be determined
                                  after that for at least 45                by remaining battery life.
                                  minutes."                                 Telemetry indicators provide
                                                                            indication of remaining battery life.
                                                                            At 25 percent remaining battery life,
                                                                            the sequence to bring operations to
                                                                            completion will be initiated. Similar
                                                                            exemptions have been granted to
                                                                            other operations, including
                                                                            Exemptions 2689F, 5745,10673,
                                                                            and 10808.

                 Civil Aircraft:  The regulation provides in pertinent      The UAS fully loaded weighs no
                 Certifications   part:                                     more than 55 lbs. and is operated
                 required         (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715,        without an onboard pilot. As such,
                                  no person may operate a civil             there is no ability or place to carry
                                  aircraft unless it has within it the      certification and registration
                                  following:                                documents or to display them on the
                                  (1) An appropriate and current            UAS. An equivalent level of safety
                                  airworthiness certificate ..              will be achieved by keeping these
                                  (b) No person may operate a civil         documents at the ground control
                                  aircraft unless the airworthiness         point where the pilot flying the UAS
                                  certificate required by paragraph         will have immediate access to them,
                                  (a) ofthis section or a special flight    to the extent they are applicable to
                                authorization issued under §91.715     the UAS. The FAA has issued
                                is displayed at the cabin or cockpit   numerous exemptions to this
                                entrance so that it is legible to      regulation. A representative sample
                                passengers or crew.                    of other exceptions includes
                                                                       Exemption Nos. 9565,9665, 9789,
                                                                       9789A,9797,9797A,9816A,and
                                                                       10700.

14CFR           Operation       These regulations require that an      Given that these sections and Part 43
§91.405(a)      after           aircraft operator or owner "shall      apply only to aircraft with an
§91.407(a)(1)   maintenance,    have that aircraft inspected as        airworthiness certificate, these
§91.409(a)&(b)  preventive      prescribed in subpart E of this part   sections will not apply to the
                maintenance,    and shall between required             applicant. The operator pursuant to
References      rebuilding, or  inspections, except as provided in     the flight manual and operating
                alteration.     paragraph (c) of this section, have    handbook will accomplish
                                discrepancies repaired as              maintenance. Software and firmware
                                prescribed in part43 of this           will be maintained with current
                                chapter...," and others shall inspect  versions. As the manufacturer does
                                or maintain the aircraft in            not provide specific maintenance
                                compliance with Part 43.               instructions, maintenance will be
                                                                       "on condition" for all aircraft and
                                                                       each aircraft will have a
                                                                       maintenance log.

                Part 91         weblink
                General         weblink
                Operating       weblink
                and Flight
                Rules
                Part45
                Identification
                and
                Registration
                Marking

                Petitioning
                for
                Exemption
                Under
                Section 333
