September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13029
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2607

Mr. Kevin D. Pomfret
Williams Mullen
Counsel
8300 Greensboro Drive
Suite 1100
Tysons Corner, VA 22102

Dear Mr. Pomfret:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Eagle View Technologies Inc. and Northeast Gas Association (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct inspection of natural gas pipelines and related infrastructure.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Microdrone MD4-1000.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Eagle View Technologies Inc. and Northeast Gas
Association is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Eagle View Technologies Inc. and Northeast Gas Association is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Microdrone
         MD4-1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                             WILLIAMS MULLEN

Direct Dial: 703.760.5204
kpomfret@williamsmullen.com

                             June 12, 2015

BY FEDERAL EXPRESS

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, D.C. 20590

         Re: Section 333 Exemption Request

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the
"Reform Act"), EagleView Technologies Inc. ("EagleView") and the Northeast Gas Association
NYSEARCH ("NGA/NYSEARCH" and collectively with EagleView, the "Petitioner") hereby
apply for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") described in Section
VII below and any other exemptions necessary to allow EagleView and NGA/NYSEARCH to
operate the small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") described in Section IV to inspect
natural gas pipelines and related infrastructure, as more fully described in Section IX below.
Petitioner requests that if an exemption cannot be granted jointly to EagleView and
NGA/NYSEARCH, that the exemption be granted to NGA/NYSEARCH to carry out the activity
set forth below.

I. Background on Petitioner

         EagleView is an industry leading provider of aerial imagery, data analytics and GIS
solutions serving the commercial, government and public utility sectors. The company's
patented image capture processes and 3D modeling algorithms coupled with property-centric
analytic tools empower end-user workflow in support of property claims, risk management,
emergency response, assessment, corridor mapping and more. In January, 2013, EagleView
merged with Pictometry International, creating a unique company with powerful technological
solutions in the GIS, measurement and analytical space. The combined company has more than
50 patented technologies to provide scalable, efficient and highly accurate analytical solutions.

         NGA/NYSEARCH is a research and development association serving the gas industry
that focuses on technology research and development focused on operations, engineering
planning, and increasing public awareness of natural gas transmission and distribution.
NGA/NYSEARCH represents natural gas transmission companies, distribution companies, and
associate member companies across the USA. These collective companies provide natural gas to
over 15 million customers. NGA/NYSEARCH was established on January 1, 2003. Its

28345134_1.docx

           8300 Greensboro Drive, Suite 1100 Tysons Corner, VA 22102 T 703.760.5200 F 703.748.0244 williamsmullen.com

                                                     DC NC VA I A Professional Corporation
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12, 2015
Page2

predecessor organizations were The New England Gas Association (founded in 1926) and the
New York Gas Group (founded in 1973).

II. Contact Information

         The contact information for Petitioner is set forth below:

         EagleView Technologies, Inc.
         c/o Chris Barrow, CEO
         3700 Monte Villa Parkway, Suite 200
         Bothell, WA 98021

         Northeast Gas Association I NYSEARCH
         20 Waterview Boulevard
         Parsippany, NJ 07054

III. Request for Exemption to Use UAS for Inspection of Natural Gas Infrastructure

         Petitioner wishes to conduct feasibility studies/pilot projects to assess the applicability,
practicability and potential for implementing UAS for tasks including visual inspections of
transmission and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and valves in order to further the public
interest in the safe and reliable delivery of natural gas (collectively, "Natural Gas
Infrastructure"). Given its broad experience with aerial data collection, EagleView will be
primarily responsible for operating the UAS and collecting the data on behalf of
NGA/NYSEARCH. Specifically, EagleView will be responsible for ensuring that the UAS and
the operations comply with applicable safety and legal requirements set forth in the exemption.

IV. Unmanned Aircraft System

         The Microdrone md4-1 000 is a battery powered quadcopter weighing less than 6 kg,
including payload. It has a maximum speed of 26 mph and a maximum flight operating
endurance of 88 minutes. Its flight and navigation controller centers on an inertial measurement
unit, consisting of an accelerometer and a gyroscope for each axis, supplemented by a 3-axis
magnetometer, a barometric altitude sensor and a GNSS receiver. With all these sensor readings
put together, the md4-1 000 is able to fly self-stabilized with GNSS Position Hold. As soon as
there is no input from the operator, the md4-1 000 will stay on the spot, waiting for the next
command. It is possible to let the md4-1 000 hover in the same spot for several minutes.

         The aircraft is operated using a remote control ground station and is capable of setting
pre-programmed distance and height limits. In the event of a loss link, GPS failure or low

28345134_1.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12, 2015
Page 3

battery condition, the aircraft can be programmed to descend and land or return to home.
Petitioner notes that the FAA has previously granted exemptions for the md4-l 000. 1

         In support of this exemption request, Petitioner is submitting under separate cover the
applicable operational documents for the UAS described above (the "Operational Documents").
We request that the Operational Documents be given confidential treatment.

V. Statutory Authority for Requested Exemptions

         This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform
Act. Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe Reform Act, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
Administrator (the "Administrator") is to permit operation of an unmanned aircraft system where
it does not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system (NAS) or the public or pose a
threat to national security. Moreover, the Federal Aviation Act grants the Administrator general
authority to grant exemptions from the agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when
the Administrator decides such a requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C.
§§ 106(f), 44701-44716, et seq. A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why
the exemption: (i) would benefit the public as a whole, and (ii) would not adversely affect safety
or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.

VI. Safety Measures and Public Interest Benefits

         As described in more detail in Section IX, the Petitioner will take measures to ensure
such operations will not create a hazard to aviation or the public. Flights will be conducted
under 400 feet AGL thereby avoiding interference with users of the national airspace system
("NAS"). Flights will be suspended immediately to yield right-of-way to any other aircraft.
Geo-fencing will be utilized when available to ensure that a UAS does not fly outside of the
intended area. Operations will also not create a hazard to the public as Petitioner will only
operate the UAS over unpopulated areas. The test site will be secured and only authorized
personnel will be permitted on the grounds. Given the size and speed of the UAS, the controlled
nature of the testing locations and the lack of explosive materials or flammable jet fuels, the
operations will not pose a threat to national security.

         Petitioner believes UAS are ideally suited for inspection ofNatural Gas Infrastructure as
they can deliver high-quality geospatial data (i.e., photo, video, location and related data) in a
manner that is more cost efficient, quicker and safer than physical inspection by utility workers.
UAS will be particularly valuable for inspecting hard-to-access or environmentally sensitive
areas that currently require the need for service trucks, utility vehicles or manned
aircraft/helicopters. The use ofUAS will both reduce operational and maintenance costs as well
as provide faster resolution of problems on natural gas systems. As a result, granting this

1 See, e.g., Asymmetric Technologies (Microdrone md4-1000- Exemption No. 11171).

28345134_1.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12, 2015
Page 4

exemption will result in an increase in the reliability of natural gas systems, decrease customer
costs and enhance safety for utility workers.

VII. Specific Sections from Which Petitioners Seek an Exemption

         Based upon the information provided and the exemptions that the FAA has already
granted pursuant to Section 333, the Petitioner requests the following exemptions:

         14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 61.23(c)
         14 C.F'.R. § 61.101(e)(4)
         14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(5)
         14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.121
         14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(l)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a)
         14 C.F.R. § 91.417(b)

VIII. Justifications for Each Exemption Request

         1. 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a), 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(c), 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4), 14 C.F.R. §
              61.10l(e)(5), 14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and 14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a).

         Petitioner notes that FAA requires the Pilot in Command to hold either an airline
transport, commercial, private, recreational or sport certificate pilot license and either a current
FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. Petitioner will
ensure that its PICs will satisfy each of these requirements. Since Petitioners' PICs will be
operating UAS under the same conditions as those previously granted, an equivalent level of
safety will be met by granting these exemptions.

         2. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft worthiness.

         Section 91.7(a) requires that an operator determine an aircraft is in airworthy condition
before a flight. Petitioner requests relief from this section provided that the operator of the UAS

28345 134_1.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12,2015
Page 5

determines prior to each flight that the aircraft is in compliance with the applicable Operational
Documents. Such pre-flight inspection will provide the equivalent level of safety as that
provided by this section. Petitioner notes that the Administrator has granted relief from this
section in previous exemptions.

         3. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) Minimum safe altitudes over congested and other areas.

         Section 91.119(c) establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over areas other
than congested areas. The Petitioner requests relief from this section with respect to those
participating persons, vehicles, and structures directly involved with R&D. The UAS will never
operate at higher than 400 AGL. It will be operated in a restricted area, where buildings and
people will not be exposed to operations without prior consent. Relief from this section is
warranted as operations will be conducted with adequate safety provisions as outlined herein and
in the applicable Operational Documents. As a result, an equivalent level of safety will be met
by granting this exemption. Petitioner notes that the Administrator has granted relief from this
section in previous exemptions.

         4. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings.

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure.'' An exemption from this section may be needed if
the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but instead has a GPS altitude read out. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the applicable Operational
Documents, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before
flight. As a result, an equivalent level of safety will be met by granting this exemption.
Petitioner notes that the Administrator has granted relief from this section in previous
exemptions.

         5. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes."

         Complying with the 30 minute reserve would severely limit the length of the Petitioner's
UAS flights and hamper R&D efforts. Given the location of the IBHS and the limitations on the
UAS's proposed flight area a longer time frame for flight in daylight conditions is reasonable.
Operating the UAS in a tightly controlled area, where only people or official representatives who
have signed waivers will be allowed, does not raise the type of risks that this section was
intended to address, particularly given the size and speed of the UAS. Petitioner believes that an

28345134_l.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12,2015
Page 6

equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 50 minutes or 20% of battery
power, whichever happens first.

         6. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) Maintenance required; 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l) Operation
                   after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding or alteration; 14 C.F.R.
                   §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2) Inspections; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance
                   records.

          Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the applicable Operational
Documents. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the UAS are very limited in
size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of
time. If mechanical issues arise, the UAS will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL
and can immediately land. As provided in the applicable Operational Documents, the operator
will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. As a result, an equivalent level of safety will
be met by granting this exemption. Petitioner notes that the Administrator has granted relief
from this section in previous exemptions.

         7. Additional Relief.

         In addition to the exemptions listed above, the Petitioner requests exemption from such
other rules and regulations as the FAA deems appropriate to enable the operations described
herein. Since previous exemptions granted under Section 333 of the Reform Act have been
effective for two years, the Petitioner also requests that ifthe FAA issues interim or final rules
applicable to the operation of any UAS included herein after the Petitioner receives a Grant of
Exemption that any conditions and limitations required in such Grant that are more burdensome
than the new rules be appropriately modified or removed.

         8. Expedited Process.

         Given that this exemption is similar to those that have already been granted, Petitioner
requests that, if possible, this request for exemption be considered on an expedited basis.

IX. Operating Parameters for UAS Use

         Petitioner proposes that if the requested exemptions are granted, it will operate the UAS
under the following conditions:

          1. UAS operations will be conducted by a Pilot in Command (PIC). The PIC shall hold
              an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The

28J45134_1.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12, 2015
Page 7

             PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's
              license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a
             possession, or the Federal government. The UAS will be in visua1line of site
              (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

         2. All UAS operations will utilize a visual observer ("VO"). The VO will not perform
              any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and avoiding air traffic and
              other ground-based obstacles/obstructions.

         3. The PIC and VO will be able to communicate verbally at all times.

         4. Petitioner will rely on the UAS vendor(s) to provide a pilot qualification program,
              including a training program incorporating proper aircraft operations and safety
              standards. The PIC and the VO will have obtained the necessary
              qualifications/training. A record of completion of this qualification process will be
              documented and made available to the Administrator upon request.

         5. UAS will not be flown at ground speeds exceeding 22.5 knots (26 mph).

         6. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level.

         7. Each UAS operation will be completed within 50 minutes flight time or with 20%
              battery power remaining, whichever occurs first. At 30% battery the UAS will enter
              a return and land sequence; at 20% it will land immediately.

         8. UAS will not be operated over any person (other than participating personnel) at an
              altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the surface in the event of a UAS
              failure or emergency. UAS will be operated at a distance from participating buildings
              of at least 10 feet. Operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from non-
              participating persons or buildings, unless barriers are in place to provide adequate
              protection.

         9. The UAS will abort the flight in the event ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
              accordance with the applicable Operational Document.

         10. The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations
              and activities at all times.

         11. UAS operations will not be conducted during night.

28345134_l.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12, 2015
Page 8

         12. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

         13. The UAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
              horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

          14. The applicable Operational Documents and all documents required under 14 C.F.R.
              § 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station ofthe
              UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents will be made available to
              the Administrator upon request.

         15. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
              boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported
              to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80). Accidents will be reported to the
              National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).

         16. The operator will follow the procedures as outlined in its applicable Operational
              Documents.

         17. Prior to each flight, pilot will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in condition for safe
              flight. If the inspection reveals a discrepancy, the aircraft will be prohibited from
              operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found
              to be in a condition for safe flight.

         18. Operations will not be conducted over congested or densely populated areas.

         19. All operations will be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
              permission from the land-owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
              from the land-owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
              flight to be conducted.

         20. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft records.

         21. Any UAS that undergoes maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
              flight characteristics will undergo a functional flight test in accordance with the
              applicable Operational Documents.

         22. Petitioner will institute a rigorous maintenance program to ensure airworthiness of the
              UAS. Operator will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
              maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

         23. Each UAS will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

28345134_1.docx
                          WILLIAMS MULLEN

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
June 12,2015
Page 9

X. Summary to be Published in Federal Register

         Petitioner: EagleView Technologies, Inc. and Northeast Gas Association NYSEARCH

         Sections of14 C.F.R. Affected: § 61.23(a), § 61.23(c), § 61.101(e)(4), § 61.101(e)(5),
§61.113(a), § 61.315(a) § 91.7(a); § 91.119(c); § 91.121; § 91.151(a); § 91.405(a);
§ 91.407(a)(1); §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2); §§ 91.417(a) and (b).

         Description ofReliefSought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 61.23(a); 14 C.F.R. § 61.23(c); 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4); 14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(5); 14 C.F.R.
§61.113(a); 14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a); § 91.7(a);14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14
C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(l)
and (2); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) to operate UAS to inspect natural gas pipelines and
related infrastructure.

XI. Conclusion

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act regarding size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line of sight, and national security, provide more than adequate justification for the grant
ofthe requested exemption allowing operation of Petitioner's UAS for inspection of natural gas
pipelines and related infrastructure purposes. Please contact Petitioner's outside counsel,
Kevin D. Pomfret, at 703-760-5204 or kpomfret@williamsrnullen.com with any questions about
this filing.

          uSincerely/7

                                                             &.Pomfret

KDP/kmb
Attachments: Confidential Treatment is requested.

     1. Microdrone rnd4-1 000 - Operators Handbook, Training Description, and Flight Operation
         Checklist

28345134_1.docx
