May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11568
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0389

Mr. Greg MacMaster
Owner
Eagle-Eye Drone Service
5966 Beaver Creek Trail
Kewadin, MI 49648

Dear Mr. MacMaster:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted to the docket on February 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Eagle-Eye Drone Service (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and cinematography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment in support of the petition made to the docket.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Eagle-Eye Drone Service is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Eagle-Eye Drone Service is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                   1

                          Eagle-Eye Drone Service

                                                                     5966 Beaver Creek Trl.
                                                                       Kewadin, MI 49648

                                                              eagleeyedroneservice@gmail.com
                                                                          231-360-0636

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R.
61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)
Dear Sir or Madam,
Eagle-Eye Drone Service writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that
Eagle-Eye Drone Service, an owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft 1, be
exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that
Eagle-Eye Drone Service, may operate a small light weight unmanned aircraft
system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA").
As described herein, Eagle-Eye Drone Service is experienced in testing and flying
hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. Eagle-Eye Drone Service has added a
hobby grade quad-copter UAS to their inventory equipped with an internal
camera extremely high quality and a removable 4GB micro SD card. It shoots full
HD video at 1080p/30fps and 720p/60fps with intent for aerial videography/
cinematography to enhance academic community awareness for those individuals
and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the northwest Michigan
area, and augment real estate listing videos; following exemption and approval by
the FAA.Thereby enhancing their academic research experience for greater
northwest Michigan region.
I have flown small RC electric helicopters and fixed wing planes for over four (4)
years without incident. Committed to safety with each flight. Eagle-Eye Drone
Service exemption request would permit operation of light weight (less than 5

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   2
lbs), unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s)
in tightly controlled and limited airspace.2 Predetermined in areas away from
general public, airports, helipads and vehicular traffic for community videos, and
within property boundaries for individual homeowner real estate listing videos/
photos. Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally
operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in
place to prevent catastrophe.The Pilot of eagle-Eye Drone Service, has personally
instilled safety protocols and controls3 to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well
as manned aircraft hazards/catastrophe.This will act to further safety protocols
exclusive to lightweight UAS's specific to real estate video and photography usage
as recorded flight data and other information gained through permitted flight
operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with
future protocol and safety regulation.
Granting Eagle-EyeDrone Service' request comports with the Secretary of
Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only
integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace
system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for
real estate purposes. Further, Eagle-Eye Drone Service will conduct operations in
compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by
the FAA.
For the reasons stated below, Eagle-Eye Drone Service, respectfully request the
grant of an exemption allowing to operate light weight, remote controlled UAS's
for academic community awareness to benefit/stimulate attraction to the greater
northwest Michigan area and to enhance real estate listing videos for
homeowners who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same purpose.
Both of which will promote local economic growth through increased
employment and increased tax base. Both with public safety in mind by keeping
heavier manned aircraft containing combustible fuel that that poses potential
public hazard.

1 Appendix A - DJI Phantom Vision 2+ quad-copter Operator Manual
2 Appendix B - Cherry Capital Airport Map area 5 mile airport radius maps
3 Appendix C - Personal Protocols and Control

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                       3

I. Contact Information:        Email: eagleeyedroneservice@gmail.com

Greg MacMaster, Owner
Eagle-Eye Drone Service
Office/Mobile: (231) 360-0636

II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations From Which Eagle-Eye Drone Service Requests
Exemption are:
14 CFR 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and, 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).
III. The Extent of relief Eagle-Eye Drone Service seeks and the
Reason it seeks Such Relief:
Eagle-Eye Drone Service, submit this application in accordance with the Reform
Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs
operating to prevent Eagle-Eye Drone Service contemplated commercial
cinematic, academic and other flight operations within the national airspace
system.The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil
unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's
interest to do so. Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, ultra light weight UAS meets the
definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the
integration of my ultra light weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform
Act. We would like to operate the ultra light weight UAS prior to the time period
by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such
craft.Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal
regulation that can be administered uniformly to all real estate related UAS aerial
video and photography.The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the
types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace system.
Considerations include:
The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's;Whether the UAS will
be operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and,Whether the UAS will
be operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in
favor of an exemption for Eagle-Eye Drone Service.

Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   4

Our UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and
stability. Our UAS is equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology.
Weighing less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit);
including camera with gimbal.
Eagle-Eye Drone Service considers safety as foremost with each flight. Our small
unmanned aircraft is designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a
36 mph wind. For safety, stability and fear of financial loss, we will not fly in winds
exceeding 10 mph. Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows our
UAS to hover in place when radio controls are released.With three modes to
choose from, we utilize the Smart Mode4 for aerial videography/photography.This
is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to prevent accident and hazard.When
pilot communication is lost UAS is designed slowly descend to point of take off.
We do not operate the UAS near airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do
not operate near areas where general public is within fifty to one hundred
(50-100) yards depending on location, conditions and weather.We are constantly
on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and prepared to
land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned
aircraft approach my location or we suspect manned aircraft may approach near
my location. Our UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and are
flown only within my line of sight of the operator/pilot, as the remote control
pilot. Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last
between three (5) to seven (10) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty
(150) feet.
Eagle-Eye Drone Service utilizes a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a
safety precaution; full flight time limit for each battery is 25 minutes as tested. We
do not operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge
levels for operation; preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to
insure adequate communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate
potential for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with
each exercise to insure replacement for sufficient safe level of operation.We do
not believe in taking risk that may cause a crash, that could create hazard to the

4 Smart Mode includes safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and
safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See
Appendix A - Operator Manual.

public/property/manned aircraft, and have no desire to lose an investment.We
have clocked numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist simulating
flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   5

this specific UAS's performance under different temperature and weather
conditions.We also practice computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate
skills and response reflex time. All for the sake of safety.
Eagle-Eye Drone Service is extremely cautious when operating the UAS/ultra light
weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and
weight of the UAS it falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it
promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAS's
into the national airspace system. Eagle-Eye Drone Service's UAS, used in hobby
flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the
general public or national security.
IV. How Eagle-Eye Drone Service's Request Will Benefit the
Public As A Whole:
Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has
been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters.
For small budget real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of
such aerial videography is cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end
Realtors or luxury homeowners can afford to absorb such expense. Depriving
non-luxury homeowners and lower budget Realtors from a valuable marketing
tool.
Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of
the Reform Act. Furthermore, the Michigan Legislature passed a House
Concurrent Resolution (HCR 16), sponsored by the owner of Eagle-Eye Drone
Service, in December 2013. Supporting Michigan's Advanced Aerial Systems
Consortium as one of the test sites designated by the FAA.
http://www.legislature.mi.gov/documents/2013-2014/concurrentresolutionadopted/
House/pdf/2013-HACRH-0016.pdf
Granting Eagle-Eye Drone Services' exemption request furthers the public interest
through academic/visual awareness of the geographical benefits in and around the
greater Grand Traverse area. Our ultra light weight UAS is battery powered and
creates no emissions that can harm the environment.The consequence of our
ultra light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
devastation to the public.

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   6

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by
permitting aerial video/photo capture through the battery operated ultra light
weight UAS's. Permitting Eagle-Eye Drone Service, to immediately fly within
national air space furthers economic growth. Granting our exemption request
substantially furthers the economic impact for the Grand Traverse community for
companies looking to relocate or build in the area as well as individuals looking to
relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical awareness.
Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.
V. Reasons Why Eagle-Eye Drone Service's Exemption Will Not
Adversely Affect Safety Or How The Exemption Will Provide a
Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:
Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the
contrary, for the reasons stated, permitting Eagle-Eye Drone Service, to log more
flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with communication with the FAA, will
allow us to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new and novel, as
of yet undiscovered safety protocols for Realtors that can be embraced by the
NAR5, MAR6, and TAAR7 for development in cooperation with the FAA. In
addition, Eagle-Eye Drone Service, submit the following representations of
enhancements to current aerial videography and photography for real estate:
Our UAS weighs less than 4 pounds complete with a small ultra light weight high
quality HD camera;
We only operate my UAS below 200 feet8 (well within the 400 foot permissible
ceiling set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);
· Our UAS only operate for 5-10 minutes per flight;
_______________________________

5 National Association of Realtors, http://www.realtor.org/
6 Michigan Association of Realtors, http://www.mirealtors.com/
7 Traverse Area Association of Realtors, http://www.taars.com/
8 DJI Phantom Vision 2+ quad-copter altitude ceiling is 147 feet when flown in Smart mode (see Appendix A Operator
Manual)

· We land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery
 power;

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   7

· We pilot the UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
· The UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands

 if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
· We actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly

 update and enhance safety protocols;
· We only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are

 away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
· We conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety

 carries primary importance;
· We always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
· We have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or

 potential danger.
Eagle-Eye Drone Service', safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or
exceeding existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of
commercial UAS into our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary
means of aerial video and photography for community awareness and real estate.
While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding, there has
been local incident involving loss of life as well as extensive property damage; it is
far safer to operate a battery powered light weight UAS.
First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on
board and we only operates my UAS in specific areas away from mass
populations. Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for
fire or explosions is greatly diminished.
Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow Eagle-Eye
Drone Service to remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.
Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing
images, the UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused on through
the technology and use of post editing software allowing pan and zoom.
Accordingly, our UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/
competency and will continue to operate at and above current safety levels.
VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   8
A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91:Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.
14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation
to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).The size, weight and enclosed operational area of Eagle-Eye
Drone Servicve's, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets
(and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform
Act.The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the
airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations.
Eagle-Eye Drone Service' current and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of
the elements.
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate.As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by
the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft.As there are
no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation
is inapplicable.An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/
flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.9 The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.
14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as our UAS
utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft
certifications and registrations.They are inapplicable for the same reasons
described above.The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any
such required certifications and registrations by the owner, Greg MacMaster

9 Appendix D - Safety/Flight Manual

B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                   9
Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
certain specifications. Our UAS are, by definition, unmanned.They therefore do
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with
dimensions smaller that minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, we will mark its
UASs in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its
fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting
me as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings.The FAA has previously issued
exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and
10700.
C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-
commercial operations. Eagle-Eye Drone Service, can achieve an equivalent level
of safety as achieved by current Regulations because our UAS does not carry any
pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote
control piloting skills.The risks attended to the operation of my UAS is far less
than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61,
et seq.Thus, allowing Eagle-Eye Drone Service to operate their UAS meet and
exceed current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).
D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.
14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It
allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS
will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard
of 400 AGL. Eagle-Eye Drone Service, will however operate the UAS in safe areas
away from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or
below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight,
maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will
be achieved.
E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance

   Inspections.

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  10

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners 
and
operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part
and shall between required inspections, except as provided in 
 paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in 
p art 43 of this
chapter. . . ."
These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.They will
not, therefore, apply to Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, UAS. However, as a safety
precaution we inspect my UAS before and after each flight.
A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14
C.F.R. 91:Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart
H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of
necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1).The size,
weight and enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21
because Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, UAS meets an equivalent level of safety
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.The FAA is authorized to exempt
aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49
U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation
permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement
in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas
such as airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the
elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
airworthiness certificate.As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2)
requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft.As there are no pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable.An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual.The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular
software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware.Therefore, an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved.
In summary, Eagle-Eye Drone Service seeks an exemption from
the following Regulations:
14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §
91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §
91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my,

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  11

Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft
vehicle in community awareness and real estate operations, and to develop
economic platforms for real estate to enhance the experience of those seeking to
relocate to the northwest Michigan area. Currently, area awareness and real estate
aerial videography/photography relies primarily on the use of larger aircraft
running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting Eagle-Eye
Drone Service's, request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby
enhance safety. My UAS craft do not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller,
lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real estate video and
photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and
from established air fields. Eagle-Eye Drone Service, have been informally analyzing
flight information and will compile safety protocols and the implementation of a
flight operations manual for real estate usage that exceeds currently accepted
means and methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information shared with
the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for
complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.There are no
personnel on board Eagle-Eye Drone Service's, UAS and therefore the likelihood
of death or serious bodily injury is significantly diminished. Eagle-Eye Drone
Service's, operation of my UAS, weighing less than 5 pounds and traveling at lower
speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that
achieved under current FARs.Accordingly Eagle-Eye Drone Service, respectfully
request that the FAA grant our exemption request and am willing to cooperate in
sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general
public at large.
Specifics of the UAS;
UAV/UAS/UA Clarification
The UAV/UAS/UA which Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Petitioner, will be operating is
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, referred hereafter as Phantom.The inherent safety
features, sophistication, programmability, GPS navigation, return home capability,
airport vicinity no-fly feature and restricted altitude feature, as well as
differentiating radio frequency (rf) for aircraft controller/receiver and for the
camera make this a much safer UAV for the purposes of this petition.This is a
hobby grade radio controlled UAV that has the capacity for software upgrades. It
is light, less than 3 pounds including battery and camera. Incorporated into the
programming of the Phantom is an automatic return home feature that
automatically directs the craft back to point of take off should communication
with the transmitter be lost.The Phantom has a cruising speed of 20 mph, with a

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  12

maximum speed of 36 mph. Maximum flight time is 25 minutes. Gross weight is
2.86 pounds.
The Phantom has an additional communication link between the camera and craft
on a different rf for a smart phone connection. Allowing the operator or Pilot In
Command (PIC) to monitor battery level, altitude (AGL), distance from PIC,
camera imagery, and control camera angle.
The software for the Phantom allows the operator or PIC to set maximum
altitude AGL for each flight, allowing customization of flights to no higher than 100
feet, 150 feet, or 250 feet AGL as an examples.The 400 foot maximum AGL can be
programmed into the UAV's software pre-flight to insure compliance with FAA
standards.Adding to the safety capabilities of this UAV. This UAV is programmed
to remain in position when controls are released. Maintaining altitude and GPS
location.
The Phantom has an altitude and radar monitoring function that allows the
operator more precise determination of height, direction of flight and distance
from the operator PIC.The operator or PIC can monitor GPS lock status while
UAV is in flight, with the ability to anticipate loss of GPS locking so the operator
or PIC can land the UAV as a precaution.
Best explanation of the Phantom's sophistication and capabilities can be observed
through a series of manufacture videos explaining the Phantom 2 Vision + through
this link ( http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus ). The Phantom 2
Vision + maintains all capabilities defined in the video.
The DJI Phantom 2 Vision +'s 2.4 ghz transmitter/controller/receiver rf for
managing flight with a 5.8 ghz rf transmitter/receiver for video/photography
functions eliminates the rf conflict experienced with the Blade 350 QX, and is by
far the safer of the two when considering public and NAS safety. Considering the
programmability and safety features of this UAV (Phantom 2 Vision +), it serves as
the best option to protect the Public and NAS for the purposes of this petition.
The Eagle-Eye Drone Service Petition is for UAV operation without pilot,
passengers nor property on board. Considering that the Phantom UAV is a
sophisticated hobby grade quad-copter with gross weight less than 3 pounds.
Aerial video/photography operations for this petition provide service for those
businesses, transferees, retirees and others considering relocating to greater
northwest Michigan region who are not familiar with geographical characteristic,
communities, services and other benefits of the area. Aerial video/photography
operations for private property owners aide with an enhanced perspective for

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  13

characteristics, amenities, and benefits a private property has that cannot be
displayed through ground level video/photography. Petitioner Eagle-Eye Drone
Service charges no additional fees for ground level video/photography.Therefore,
there is no compensation for these services.Aerial video/photography represent a
small portion of videos and photos currently offered at ground level for the
community as well as private properties marketed for sale. Aerial video/
photography is an enhancement to videos/photography already offered
homeowners and the public. In most cases aerial video will represent 4-20
seconds of a 2-3 minute video.
Petitioner Eagle-Eye Drone Service is using a UAV that has the capability for taking
off and landing at a single point, identical to a helicopter. There are no runways,
aided take off apparatuses, nor routes that need to be flown to areas being aerial
video recorded or photographed. Allowing a reduced and more confined area of
flight.
Home owner written consent for aerial video/photography shall be obtained prior
to flight. Signs (See Appendix E) will be posted cautioning anyone within vicinity to
remain back a minimum of 200 feet. Observer(s) to assist and warn/advise the PIC
will be utilized in situations where spectators may be within 500 feet of the flight
area.
To alleviate additional privacy concerns, petitioner also has the ability to cover up
areas in movie post-production by shading out objects (people/buildings) in the
immediate vicinity.
The single UAV utilized in this petition is a hobby grade quad-copter that does not
require an airman certificate for non-commercial flight involving less restrictive
less regulated flight. UAV flight competency can be verified/obtained through AMA
standards and procedures as well as downloading the flight data from the on
board data logger.
The motors, rotors, propellers, body/frame, landing pads, etc. for the UAV utilized
in this petition are not complicated. Engineering and design allows layman
maintenance. Recording part replacement for this UAV may prove redundant due
to the simplicity of the craft. While the Petitioner requests waiver or exemption
for maintenance records, it would be understandable if the FAA requires such data
for its rule making process. However, pre-flight inspection for cracks, damage or
other physical conditions that could hamper safe flight is a reasonable expectation.
As well as post flight inspection that may aid in identifying flight conditions that
may cause stress to propellers, landing gear, etc.

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  14

Thorough inspection of UAV shall be conducted and flight response tested should
a hard landing or crash occur. Insuring that the UAV can operate in a safe manner
before conducting any further video/photography.
Petitioner requests waiver or exemption for markings due to the small size of the
fuselage for the Phantom 2 Vision +.
Petitioner requests modification, waiver or exemption and clarification (within
reason) concerning section 91.119 prohibition of flight in congested areas. Such
restriction puts home owners in subdivisions at a disadvantage by limiting
enhanced marketing of their homes; thereby discriminating against them.Vertical
takeoff and landing while video recording or photographing a home can allow an
enhanced perspective for view or proximity of mountains, golf course, manmade
lake or other attractions not possible through ground level video recording or
photography. Petitioner requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and
responsible aerial video/photography in congested areas of subdivisions and
neighborhoods. In cases where altitude within airports is an issue, aerial video can
be achieved under 100 feet.
In compliance with Section 90.151 (a) the Phantom is a battery operated UAV/
UAS with battery level monitoring capability. Fully charged battery flight time is
rated at 25 minutes, with videos/photos taking much less time to record.
Operator or PIC is warned when battery level is low.
Petitioner requests waiver/exemption from Section 91.203 (a) since the Phantom
is a hobby grade UAV/UAS that should not require an airworthiness certificate
nor a registration certificate. Posting of special flight authorization would not be
possible since the Phantom has no cabin and is not large enough to carry a
certificate. However, a special flight authorization can be maintained by the
operator to make available upon request.
DJI Phantom 2 Vision +
Serial Number: PH645350820

  1 !  Height limitation set for maximum of 300 feet AGL
  2 !  Radius distance from controller set for maximum of 1000 feet
  3 !  Both to aid in VLOS
  4 !  Flight testing at the R/C air park has proven that due to UAS

       size of the Phantom 2 Vision +, firmware programmed for maximum 300

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  15
       feet AGL and 1000 distance are limited distance for maintaining VSOL
       without assistance of binoculars or other assistance. Most intended
       operation will only requires range of 20-100 AGL and less than 200 feet
       lateral distance from PIC. Limited stated distance for VSOL will be rare if
       ever needed.

Current firmware upgrades for
  5 !  Main Controller
  6 !  GPS
  7 !  Receiver
  8 !  Battery
  9 !  Zen IMU

Airman Certification:
Petitioner has been a private pilot for 34 years and is aware of FAA flight
regulations.
Petitioner would like to seek a reasonable exemption with restriction solely to
UAS operation at AGL below 300 feet with distance of flight no greater than 1000
feet. Currently there are no provisions within the FAA for governing UAS such as
the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + for hobby or commercial use in northern Michigan
With Phantom 2 Vision + alone sales have been "...exponentially higher than the
7,500 in 5 years estimate that the FAA put forward a year ago..." UAS potentially
being flown without guidelines by unfamiliar, untrained individuals not belonging to
professional organization like the AMA, who pose a threat to NAS, the public and
responsible parties like the Petitioner.
Respectfully submitted,

Greg MacMaster
Eagle-Eye Drone Service
5966 Beaver Creek Trail, Kewadin, MI 49648

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                  16

 PHANTOM Flying Flowchart V1.0 (Simplified Version)

Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                 17

       Appendix A

DJI Phantom Vision 2+ Owners Manual in PDF

   http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/phantom_2_vision_plus/en/
                 Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_User_Manual_v1.8_en.pdf

Instead of inserting pdf into this document, link
     is provided for immediate viewing and
                      download.

                 Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                 18

       Appendix B

Cherry Capital Airport Vicinity and 5NM Circle

                 Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
            19

Appendix C

                              Protocols and Controls

Aerial Community and Real Estate Videos

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an
essential and utmost consideration for aerial videos and photography. As
such, safety protocols and controls must be implemented through pre-flight
preparation and during flight.

Pre-Flight Protocol:

Check batteries with voltage meter to insure fully charged and ready for use.
Inspect batteries for damage or leakage that may affect proper operation.
Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of
propulsion or unmanageable/uncontrolled flight.
Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that my impact
flight.
Consult five (5) mile radius map for airport vicinity.

o Contact respective airport to advise of estimated flight time, estimated
flight duration, estimated elevation of flight, and any other pertinent
information.

Inspect flight area for
o vicinity of public safety helipads/heliports
o vicinity of medical helipads/heliports
o vicinity of light poles
o vicinity or utility wires
o vicinity of trees
o flocks of birds that may cause interference and potential flight impact
o vicinity of any elevated obstructions that may pose potential flight hazard
o vicinity of roadways with moderate to heavy traffic that can be distracted
o public gatherings that may attract viewers
o optional point of control for best visual site of UAS while in flight

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                  20

Takeoff and landing
o inspect area for best and safest point of takeoff and landing
o if in a subdivision or area that is within 150 feet of a residential street, post
warning sign(s)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Photography In Progress - Remain
Back 150 Feet "

Flight Protocol:

takeoff and land from same location
remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching
vehicles do not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract the remote
control pilot restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire desired
results
remained prepared for emergency landing at all times
pay attention to flight time

o if possible set a timer as a safety alert
land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing

Aerial Community and Real Estate Videos

Post flight:

Emergency or Suspected Hazard:

Immediate land UAS at safest and closet ground location in the event
o manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
o there is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to
observe flight o pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
o sudden change in weather (wind bursts)
o sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
o birds enter into proximity of flight
o any sudden unsafe event that can cause collision, distraction or
interruption of control

                  Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                  21

  Appendix D

                 Safety Flight Manual

                             Checklist Format
                              (See next page)

Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                  22

Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                       23

Appendix E

        Caution Placard

Eagle-Eye Drone Service, Kewadin, MI - Section 333 Exemption Petition
