September 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12955
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2543

Mr. John P. Drakos
Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC
26 Totoket Road
Branford, CT 06405

Dear Mr. Drakos:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, cinematography, videography, mapping, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                                2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the enclosed COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
May 26, 2015

Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC

John P. Drakos
26 Totoket Rd.
Branford, CT 06405
Cell (203) 931-5065
Fax (203) 481-1814
Email jdrakos@att.net

US Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave. SE
Washington DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Attachments:  1) Copy of Private Pilot Certificate
              2)Copy of current Third Class Medical Certificate
              3) Phantom 3 Professional User Manual V1.0 2015/04

References:   1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0418 in the matter of
              the petition of DOUGLAS TRUDEAU
              2) FAA Exemption No. 11136, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0S08 in the matter of
              the petition of ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS, LLC
              3) FAA Exemption No. 11080 Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-03SS in the matter of
              the petition of FLYING CAM INC
Dear Sir or Madam,

In accordance with the FAA's Guidelines for Submitting Petition for Exemption under Section 333 ofthe
FAA Modernization and Reform actof2012, I John P. Drakos, owner and operator of Eagle Eye Photo Imaging,
LLC referred to hereafter as the petitioner, request exemption to the following sections of Title
14, Code of Federal Regulations:

61.113(a); 61.113(b); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a) 91.407(a){1); 91.409(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2);
91.417(a)&(b)

In order to operate small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for the purposes of Aerial Photography, Cinematography,
Videography, Inspections and other flight operations that could be performed safely and more cost
effectively with the use of small UAS at low altitude within the US National Airspace System as
compared to a manned aircraft. Operations will only be performed at the request of and with the
authorization and consent of clients and their authorized agents in order to facilitate commerce and
raise awareness of beneficial uses of small UAS. So long as such operations are conducted within and
under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by section 333.
The conditions identified and proposed by the petitioner are drawn from references 1-3.

The FARs

The petitioner seeks the exemption from the above mentioned FARs for the following reasons:

61.113(a) & (b):    The petitioner requests relief in order to facilitate utilization of pilots who hold a

PRIVATE PILOT (or greater) certificate. Any pilots operating under this exemption would be required to

comply with any conditions as set forth and in a similar fashion as the previously granted exemptions.

91.119(c)         As discussed in Exemption 11139 (Douglas Trudeau), operations conducted closer than

500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated closer than 500 feet to essential persons or

objects that would not be possible without additional relief. The petitioner requests modification,

waiver or exemption and clarification concerning the terms of "congested areas" and "densely

populated." The petitioner requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and responsible

operations in areas of subdivisions and neighborhoods.
91.121        As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU), this is inapplicable since the

UAS does not have an altimeter and instead utilizes GPS with a barometric sensor for altitude

information.

91.151(a)     As discussed in Exemption 11136 (ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC) prior relief has

been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than prescribed minimums including Exemption

NO.s 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition similar UAS specific relief has been granted an Exemption No.s

8811, 1080, and 10673 for daytime, VFR operations. The UAS provides battery power remaining in

percent to the PIC. The UA batteries provide approximately 25 minutes of powered flight. Information

provided in the operating documents discusses procedures regarding remaining battery power

management. The documents contain a condition in which the PIC will initiate a landing procedure

when the battery remaining reaches a specified level. Given the limitations on proposed operations and

the location of those proposed operations, the FAA found that a reduced minimum power reserve for

flight in daytime VFR conditions was reasonable.

91.405(a); 91.407(a); 91.409(a) (1) & (2); 91.417(a) & (b) As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS
TRUDEAU), the petitioner proposes to inspect and ensure the UAS is in a condition for safe flight in
accordance with the operating documents. The FAA found that adherence to the petitioners operating
documents and the conditions and limitations specified, describing the requirements for maintenance,
inspection and record keeping, were sufficient to ensure that safety would not be adversely affected.

The UAS

The DJ I Phantom 3 Professional is a highly successful consumer grade small rotorcraft
in the quadcopter configuration with an advertised weight of less than 44 Ounces (1242g) designed
primarily to carry a high definition camera aloft. They have an advertised maximum speed of less than
30 kts (15 rn/s) and a maximum climb rate of less than 1200 fpm (6 m/s), They are powered by 4 electric
motors with a distance between the motors of less than 14 inches (350 mm). It utilizes an internal
inertial measuring unit (IMU) with integrated barometric sensor to augmented with Global Positioning
System (GPS) to maintain its geospatial orientation and position. It is controlled primarily through an
FCC certified radio control (Re) unit. Real time video and telemetry information is transmitted back to a
ground control station allowing the operator and/or PIC to monitor battery level, GPS signal strength,
altitude (AGL), distance from the PIC, camera imagery, and control camera angle. It has failsafe modes
of operation for either loss of RC or GPS signal. Altitude can be limited by the onboard flight controller
and maximum altitude can be preprogrammed by the PIC. Battery life limits flight times to
approximately 25 minutes. The onboard flight controller will warn the pilot via telemetry data and
external lighting cues before reaching a low battery state. An automatic termination of flight and
landing will be initiated when battery reaches a predetermined low state. It is anticipated that flights
will usually last less than 15 minutes. More information is available in attachment 3.
 Risk Mitigation

The petitioner has reviewed FAA exemptions references 1-3 Conditions and Limitations section and
believes that the procedures specified therein are reasonable and will be utilized in order to manage
and mitigate risk and ensure public safety. A preflight and post flight checklist will be developed and
employed to ensure that UA airworthiness will be maintained for flight operations. Flight time and
maintenance logs will be maintained to ensure tracking on failure prone components.

The petitioner requests that in a manner similar to reference 3, he be allows to operate within 5 miles of
an airport provided that:

            "The UAS may not operate in Class 8, CorD airspace without written approval of the FAA The

           UAS may not operate within five nautical miles of the geographic center of a nontowered airport
           as denoted on o current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that
           airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NO TAM
           as required by the operator's GOA The letter of agreement with the airport management must

            be made available to the Administrator upon request. "

Operations within 5 miles of an airport are not anticipated to be routine, but the petitioner is requesting
a mechanism to facilitate such activities without requesting a new and separate exemption should the
need arise. Operations within class B airspace are not requested due to the lack of a mode C
transponder.

Public Interest

Use of the UAS in lieu of a manned aircraft would enhance safety and reduce environmental impact
compared to similar operations conducted with much larger fuel laden manned aircraft Additionally,
the use of UAS to facilitate commerce can help to encourage economic growth. Operations for this
petition will enable service for property owners or their designees seeking an enhanced perspective for
characteristics, amenities, and benefits of their desired photographic subjects that cannot be displayed
through ground level videography/photography. Aerial photography is a valuable marketing tool that
can facilitate increased commerce and enhance personal photography. Crop surveying and inspections
could lead to decreased use of pesticides and fertilizer and conservation of water as well as increased
crop yields and decreased costs. Aerial surveying and inspections can increase work site efficiency,
improve volumetric estimations and reduce risk. The petitioner will provide clients with the
photographic data for these purposes in a for hire basis acting as an independent contractor. A visual
observer will be utilized. Flight data including UA flight time, Control unit operation time, incident,
accident, and details concerning any deviations from normal operations will be available to the FAA for
use in collecting data regarding the use of UAS as a part of this application. This data can be submitted
to the FAA via reports as required by the FAA.

Conclusion

The petitioner is requesting this exemption for the purposes of "aerial photography, cinematography,
videography, mapping, inspections and other flight operations." The reason for such a general and
broad based request is that the petitioner wishes to utilize a strategy that allows maximum flexibility to
utilize the UA to its fullest potential within the constraints of this request, without the long turnaround
time associated with additional exemptions. The petitioner plans to offer services to individuals or
companies seeking to enhance their business in a safe and lawful way. The petitioner knows that there is
extensive demand for lawful aerial photography and videography.
The petitioner has 155 hours flying experience (Private Pilot Single Engine Land), 55 hours as pilot in command.
The petitioner holds a private pilot pilot certificate (single engine land) and a current third class medical certificate.

The petitioner owns UAS, DJI Phantom 3 Professional which he has flown from his own property and various other
locations with owner consent to develop flight and photography experience. He has executed many takeoffs and
landings, and has demonstrated continuous proficiency . He has experience with the fail safe modes of the
aircraft, having run himself through non-normal procedures as described in the DJI operating manual.

The petitioner plans to utilize the UA below 400' AGL, within visual line of sight (VLOS), within 500'
laterally of the PIC, and with a visual observer at all times.

                Resp&i?f

                                                                                                John P. Drakos
                                                                                                Eagle Eye Photo Imaging, LLC
PHANTOtv13

( PROFESSIONAL )

User tvlanual (v1.o)

2015.04
Using this manual

Legends           & Important           ~\)~ Hints and Tips  1$1 Reference

0 Warning

 Read Before the First Flight

Read the following documents before using the Phantom 3 Professional:

1. In the Box
2. Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
3. Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide

4. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Safety Guidelines and Disclaimer
5. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Intelligent Right Battery Safety Guidelines

We recommend that you watch all tutorial videos on the official DJI website and read the Disclaimer
before you fly. Prepare for your first flight by reviewing the Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide and
refer to the User Manual for more detailed information.

·Video Tutorials

Please watch the tutorial videos at the link below, which demonstrates how to use Phantom 3 Professional

safely:                                                                                          I I(!] .
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/video

DownJoad the OJI PIJotapp

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before using the aircraft. Scan the OR code to the right

to download the latest version.                                                                  [!] ·.

The Android version of the DJI Pilot app is compatible with Android 4.1.2 or later.
The iOS version of the DJI Pilot app is compatible with iOS 8.0 or later.

2 @) 2015 [\.H. ,A.Ii R~ghts Reserved.
Contents                                                               2
                                                                       2
                     Using this manual                                 2
                              Legends                                  2
                              Read Before the First Flight
                              Video Tutorials                          6
                              Download the DJI Pilot app               6
                                                                       7
                     Product Profile                                   8
                              Introduction                             8
                              Feature Highlights
                              Preparing the Aircraft                  11
                              Aircraft Diagram                        11
                              Remote Controller Diagram               11
                                                                      12
                     Aircraft                                         12
                              Flight Controller                       13
                              Flight Mode                             14
                              Flight Status Indicator                 14
                              Return-to-Home (RTH}                    16
                              Smart RTH                               16
                              Low Battery RTH                         17
                              Failsafe RTH
                              Vision Positioning System               23
                              Flight Recorder                         23
                              Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  27
                              DJI Intelligent Flight Battery          28
                                                                      29
                    Remote Controller
                              Remote Controller Profile
                              Using the Remote Controller
                              Remote Controller Status LED
                             Linking the Remote Controller
                             Remote Controller Compliance Version
Camera and Gimbal                             31
                                              32
       Camera Profile
       Gimbal                                 35
                                              38
DJI Pilot App                                 38
       Camera                                 38
       Director
       Store                                  40
       Discovery                              40
                                              44
Flight                                        44
       Flight Environment Requirements        45
       Flight Limits and No-Fly Zones         46
       Preflight Checklist                    46
       Calibrating the Compass
       Auto Takeoff and Auto Landing          53
       Flight Test                            55
       Starting/Stopping the Motors           56

Troubleshooting (FAQ)

Appendix
       Specifications
       Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
       FCC Compliance

4 t9> 20"15 D,.JI. Ali Rights Reserved.
Product Profile

This section introduces the Phantom 3
Professional and lists the components of
the aircraft and remote controller.

@ 2015 OJ:. A!l Rrghis 01essrvsd  5
     Product Profile

      Introduction

     The Phantom 3 Professional represents the next generation of DJI quadcopters. It is capable of capturing
     4K video and transmitting an HD video signal out of the box. The built-in camera has an integrated gimbal
     to maximize stability while minimizing both weight and size. Even when no GPS signal is available, the
     Vision Positioning System allows the aircraft to hover accurately in place.

     Feature Highlights

"lJ

0 Camera and Gimbal: With the Phantom 3 Professional, you're shooting 4K video at up to 30 frames per
Q
c
     second and capturing 12 megapixel photos that look crisper and cleaner than ever. An enhanced sensor
0
r+ gives you greater clarity, lower noise, and better pictures than any previous flying camera.

     HD Video Downlink: The low-latency long range HD downlink is powered by an enhanced version of OJI
     Lightbridge.

     DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: The 4480 mAh DJI Intelligent Flight Battery features upgraded battery cells
     and an advanced power management system.

     Flight Controller: The next-generation flight controller has been updated to provide a safer, more reliable
     flight experience. A newly implemented flight recorder stores critical data from each flight and the Vision
     Positioning System enhances hovering precision when flying indoors or in environments where GPS is
     unavailable.

     6 <?;l 2015 OJ!. AI! .R1ghts Reservec
                                                                                                             Phantom 3 Professional User lvfanual

 Preparing the Aircraft

Removing Gimbal Clamp

Remove the gimbal clamp by sliding it to the right (when facing the nose of the aircraft), as shown below.

                ·····:a

Attaching the Propellers:

Mount the propellers with black dots on to motors with black axes and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
Mount the propellers with sliver dots on to motors with sliver axes and spin clockwise to secure. Be sure
all propellers are securely in place.

6 Place all propellers onto the correct motors and tighten by hand to lock them in position.

Preparing the Remote Controller:
The mobile device holder is designed for securing tablet or mobile device. Tilt the mobile device holder to
the desired position, then adjust the antennas so they are facing outward.
1. Press the button on the top right side of the mobile device holder to release the clamp, then adjust the

    clamp to fit the size of your mobile device.
2. Secure your mobile device in the clamp by pressing down, and connect your mobile device to the

    remote controller using a USB cable.
3. Plug one end of the cable into the mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

    the remote controller.
         Phantom 3 Professional User Manual  [1]
                                             [2]
      Aircraft Diagram
                                             [3] [1] GPS
               [7]
               [6]                           (4]

"""0                                                          [2] Propeller

0                                                             [3] Motor

o._                                          (5]

c                                                             [4] Front LED Indicator

Sl                                                            [5] Landing gear

s.."."."..0                                  [8] [6] Gimbal and Camera

CD                                           (9]

               [11]                                           [7] Aircraft Micro-USB Port

                                             [10]

                                                              [8] Aircraft Status Indicator

                                                              [9] Intelligent Flight Battery

                                                             [1 0] Vision Positioning Sensors

                                                              [11] Antennas

                                             [12] [12] Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
                                                              [13] Camera Micro-USB Port

                                                              [14] Link Button

Remote Controller Diagram                                       [1] Antennas

       [8]                                                        Relays aircraft control and
       [7]                                   [1] video signal.
      [6]
                                             [2] [2] Mobile Device Holder
8 © 2G15 DJi. ,I\\\ N1gr.:s Peservsd
                                                                  Securely mounts your mobile
                                                                  device to the remote controller.
                                             [3] [3] Control Stick
                                             (4] Controls the orientation and
                                             [5] movement of the aircraft.

                                                                [4] Return Home (RTH) Button

                                                                  Press and hold the button to
                                                                  initiate Return to Home (RTH).
[5] Battery Level LEOs                                Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
    Displays the battery level of the remote
    controller.                                                                                             -o

[6] Status LED                                                                                    0
    Displays the remote controller's system status.
                                                                                                                               o._
[7] Power Button
    Used to turn the remote controller on and off.                                                             c

[8] RTH LED                                                                                                                          0
    Circular LED around the RTH button displays
    RTH status.                                                                                                                                                                ..-+

                                                                            [16]

[9] Camera Settings Dial                              [14] --Ar-~\\11-----r~;;\~- [9]

      Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.        [13] [10]
      (Only functions when the remote controller is
      connected to a mobile device running the DJI    [12] '----[11]
      Pilot app.)
                                                      [14] Gimbal Dial
[1 0] Playback Button                                       Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.

      Playback the captured images or videos.         [15] Mircro-USB Port
      (Only functions when the remote controller is         Connect to a SO card reader to upgrade the
      connected to a mobile device running the OJI          firmware.
      Pilot app.)
                                                      [16] USB Port
[11] Shutter Button                                         Connect to mobile device or to a USB port for
                                                            firmware upgrade.
      Press to take a photo. If burst mode is
      selected, the set number of photos will be
      taken with one press.

[12] Flight Mode Switch

      Switch between P-mode, A-mode, and
      F-mode.

[13] Video Recording Button

      Press to start recording video. Press again to
      stop recording.

[17] C1 Button
      Customizable through the OJI Pilot app.

[18] C2 Button
      Customizable through the OJI Pilot app.

[19] Power Port
      Connect to the DJI Phantom 3 Charger to
     charge the battery of the remote controller.

                                                      (f) 2015  q1gbts Reserved. 9
Aircraft

This section introduces the features of
the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
System, and the Intelligent Flight Battery

10 © 20"i5 DLJI. Ali Rights Reserved.
Aircraft

 Flight Controller

The Phantom 3 Professional's flight controller features several important upgrades, including a new flight
mode. Safety modes include Failsafe and Return-to-Home. These features ensure the safe return of your
aircraft if the control signal is lost. The flight controller can also save critical flight data from each flight
to the on-board storage device. The new flight controller also provides increased stability and a new air
braking feature.

 Flight Mode

Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found below:
P-mode (Positioning) : P-mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states
of P-mode, which will be automatically selected by the Phantom 3 Professional depending on signal
strength of GPS and Vision Positioning sensors :

     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available. The aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal strength is not sufficient. The aircraft is

                 using only the Vision Positioning System for positioning.
     P-ATII: Neither GPS nor Vision Positioning is available. The aircraft is using only its barometer for

                 positioning, so only altitude can be stabilized.
A-mode (Attitude): GPS and Vision Positioning System are not used for stabilization. The aircraft only uses
its barometer. The aircraft can still automatically return to the home point if the control signal is lost and
the Home Point was recorded successfully.
F-mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC section in the Appendix.

 :\): Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight
          Mode Switch" on Page 26 for more information.

Flight Status Indicator

The Phantom 3 Professional has Front LEOs and Aircraft Status Indicators. The positions of these LEOs
are shown in the figure below:

           Aircraft Status Indicator

Front LED

The Front LEOs show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LEOs glow solid red when the aircraft is
turned on to indicate the front (or nose) of the aircraft. The Aircraft Status Indicators communicate the
system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more information about the Aircraft Status
Indicators:

                                                                                            11@ 2015 DJ1. /\II "lights Rsswved.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Aircraft Status Indicator Description

Normal                                                       Turning On and Self Diagnostic Testing

-:®:--~x-i'i,l:- ...... Red, Green and Yellow Flash          Warming Up
                                                             Safe to Fly (P-mode with GPS and Vision
Alternatively                                                Positioning)
                                                             Safe to Fly (P-mode with Vision Positioning but
:(@:--:(:t):- ...... Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively    without GPS)
                                                             Safe to Fly (A-mode but No GPS and Vision
-:~~: · · ·· ·· Green Flashes Slowly                         Positioning)

)> :~:-x2 ······Green Flashes Twice                          Remote Controller's Signal Lost
                                                             Low Battery Warning
:(,$.: ······Yellow Flashes Slowly                           Critical Battery Warning
                                                             IMU Error
Warning                                                      Critical Error
-:(,t:~ ······Fast Yellow Flashing                           Compass Calibration Required

-:®:······Slow Red Flashing

-<~) ······ Fast Red Flashing

-i,R): ······Red Flashing Alternatively

:(R): -Solid Red
  '7·

:®:~M-    ······Red  and  Yellow       Flash  Alternatively

 '·' .,,

Return-to-Home (RTH)

The Return-to-Home (RTH) function brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Home Point. There are
three types of RTH procedures: Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH, and Failsafe RTH. This section describes
these three scenarios in detaiL

                          GPS                                Description

Home Point                                    If a strong GPS signal was acquired before takeoff, the Home Point

                                              is the location from which the aircraft was launched. The GPS signal

                                              strength is indicated by the GPS icon ( ~.u,: ). The aircraft status

                                              indicator will blink rapidly when the home point is recorded.

 Smart RTH

Use the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on page 26 for more information) or
tap the RTH button in the DJI Pilot app and follow the on-screen instructions when GPS is available to ini-
tiate Smart RTH. The aircraft will then automatically return to the last recorded Home Point. You may use
the remote controller's control sticks to control the aircraft's position to avoid a collision during the Smart
RTH process. Press and hold the Smart RTH button once to start the process, and press the Smart RTH
button again to terminate the procedure and regain full control of the aircraft.

12 © 2iJ15 Dell. A;: Rights Reserved.
                                                                          Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Low Battery RTH

The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when prompted. The DJI Pilot app will display a notice when a low battery warning is triggered. The
aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is taken after a ten-second countdown. The
user can cancel the RTH procedure by pressing the RTH button on the remote controller. The thresholds
for these warnings are automatically determined based on the aircraft's current altitude and distance from
the Home Point.

The aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft long enough                      )>
to descend from its current altitude. The user can still use the remote controller to alter the aircraft's
orientation during the landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below:

               Critical Low battery level       Sufficient battery
               warning(Red)                     level( Green)

                    I Low battery

               r -- -R=:rghttlme____l__'e'elwa<my(Yellow)

Battery Level  Remark                                   Power requ1res    DJI Pilot app       Flight Instructions
   Warning                                              to return horne
                                                 Battery level Indicator

                                           Aircraft Status
                                              Indicator

Low battery    The battery                 Aircraft status   Tap "Go-home" to have the        Fly the aircraft
level warning  power is low.               indicator blinks  aircraft return to the Home      back and land
               Please land the             RED slowly.       point and land automatically,    it as soon as
               aircraft.                                     or "Cancel" to resume normal     possible, then
                                                             flight. If no action is taken,   stop the motors
                                                             the aircraft will automatically  and replace the
                                                             go home and land after 10        battery.
                                                             seconds. Remote controller
                                                             will sound an alarm.

Critical Low   The aircraft                Aircraft status   The DJI Pilot app display will   Allow the aircraft to
battery level  must land                   indicator blinks  flash red and the aircraft will  descend and land
warning        immediately.                RED quickly.      start to descend. The remote     automatically.
                                                             controller will sound an alarm.
Estimated
remaining      Estimated                   N/A                            N/A                 N/A
flight time    remaining flight
               based on current
               battery level.

                                                                                         @ 2015 DJI. i\11 R'gl1ts "ieserved. 13
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 :\): · When Critical battery level warning is triggered and the aircraft begins to land automatically,
           you rnay push the throttle upward to make the aircraft hover at its current altitude, giving you an
           opportunity to navigate to a more appropriate landing location.

         · The colored zones and markers on the battery level indicator bar reflect the estimated
           remaining flight time. They are automatically adjusted according to the aircraft's current location
           and status.

If the Home Point was successfully recorded and the compass is functioning normally, Failsafe RTH will
be automatically activated if the remote controller signal is lost for more than three seconds. The Return-
to-Home process may be interrupted and the operator may regain control of the aircraft if the remote
controller signal connection is re-established.

Failsafe Illustration                   2 Confirming Home Point      3 Remote Controller Signal Lost

1 Record Home Point                               y~~~rnll           Fast Blinking Yellow

 Blinking Green                                            @

                                        Blinking Green

4 Signal Lost Lasts (after 3 sec.)      5 RTH (adjustable altitude)  6 Landing (after hovering for 5 sees)

  >3S

Fast Blinking Yellow                    Fast Blinking Yellow         Fast Blinking Yellow

&:, · The aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore, it is important to set an

          suitable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" and
          select "MODE > Advanced Settings > Failsafe mode" to set the Failsafe altitude.
        · The aircraft will stop its ascent and return to the Home Point immediately if the throttle stick is
          moved during the Failsafe RTH procedure.

Vision Positioning System

The DJI Vision Positioning System uses ultrasound and image data to help the aircraft maintain its current
position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Phantom 3 Professional can hover in place more precisely
and fly indoors or in other environments where a GPS signal is not available. The main components of the
Vision Positioning System are located on the bottom of your Phantom 3 Professional; they include [2] two
ultrasonic sensors and [1] one monocular camera.

                                                                     (1)
                                                                     (2]

14 © 20":5 DJI. A.i! Rigi·ns Rese:ved.
                 Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Phantom 3 Professional is turned on. No
further action is required. Vision Positioning is typically used in indoor environments, where GPS
is unavailable. Using the sensors that are built into the Vision Positioning system, the Phantom 3
Professional can hover precisely even without GPS.

                               ~/

   y-
   ""..::::::;.

   '-C::/

/  ~             ~                                                                                               ?.
                                                                                                                 0

                                                                                                                 ~

Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:
1. Toggle the flight mode switch toP-mode.
2. Place the aircraft on a flat surface. Note that the Vision Positioning system cannot work

    properly on surfaces without clear pattern variations.
3. Turn on the aircraft. The aircraft status indicator will flash green two times, which indicates the Vision

    Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up to lift off and the aircraft will hover in place.

& The performance of your Vision Positioning System is affected by the surface over which it is

        flying. The ultrasonic sensors may not be able to accurately measure distances when operating
        above sound-absorbing materials. In addition, the camera may not function correctly in
        suboptimal environments. The aircraft will switch from P-mode to A-mode automatically if neither
        GPS nor Vision Positioning System are available. Operate the aircraft with great caution in the
        following situations:
        · Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
        · Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
        · Flying at high speeds(over 8 m/s at 2 meters or over 4 m/s at 1 meter).
        · Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
        · Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
        · Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
        · Flying over extremely dark (lux< 10) or bright (lux> 100,000) surfaces.
        · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
        · Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
        · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with the same design).
        · Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.

:(J: · Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness

          of the sensors.
        · Vision Positioning is only effective when the aircraft is at altitudes of 0.3 to 3 meters.
        · The Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
        · The Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light

          conditions (less than 100 lux).
        · Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

          in operation.
        · Vision Positioning System may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the

          ground (below 0.5 meters) at fast speeds..

                    15© 2015 DJl. A!l R1ghts ResE::rved<
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 0 Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

         sensor emits high frequency sounds that are only audible to some animals.

 Flight Recorder

Flight data is automatically recorded to the internal storage of the aircraft. This includes flight
telemetry, aircraft status information, and other parameters. To access these data, connect the
aircraft to the PC through the Micro-USB port and launch the DJI Pilot app.

      Attaching and Detaching the Propellers

o Use only DJI approved propellers with your Phantom 3 Professional. The grey and black nuts on

§1. the propeller indicate where they should be attached and in which direction whey should spin. To

       attach the propellers properly, match the nut color with the motor axis color.

Propellers                            Silver Dot  Black Dot
Figure
Attach On   Motors with a grey axes               Motors with a black axes

Legends     El'l Lock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten.

            'D'l Unlock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove.

Attaching the Propellers

1. Be sure to remove the warning stickers from the motors before attaching the propellers.
2. Attach the propellers with silver dots onto the motors with silver axes and spin the propellers clockwise

   to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with black dots onto the motors with black axes and spin
   the propellers counter-clockwise to secure them in place. Be sure to tighten each propeller by hand
    before flight.

16 © 2015 :JJi. AI: Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 [h · Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

          · Wear gloves when handling propellers.
          · Hand tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

Detaching the Propellers

Hold the motor in place with one hand, then spin the propeller in the indicated unlock direction.

 [h · Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

          · Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use aged, chipped,
            or broken propellers.

          · To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
          · ONLY use original OJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

 DJI Intelligent Flight Battery

The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4480 mAh, a voltage of 15.2 V, and a smart charge/
discharge functionality. It should only be charged using an appropriate charger that has been approved
byDJI.

Intelligent Flight Battery

                            Charger

[h The Intelligent Flight Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to

        "Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery" for more information.

-·fv)·- Be aware that the output power of the supplied Phantom 3 Professional charger is 1OOW.

DJIIntelligent Flight Battery Functions

1. Battery Level Display: the LED indicators display the current battery level.
2. Battery Life Display: the LEOs display the current battery power cycle.
3. Auto-Discharging Function: To prevent swelling, the battery automatically discharges to below 65% of

    total power when it is idle for more than ten days. It takes around two days to discharge the battery to
    65%. It is normal to feel moderate heat being emitted from the battery during the discharge process.
    Discharge thresholds can be set in the OJI Pilot app.
4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.
5. Overcharge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.

ooc6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between (32°F) and

    40°C (104°F).
7. Over Current Protection: The battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 8 A) is detected.
8. Over Discharge Protection: To prevent over-discharge damage, discharging automatically stops when

   the battery voltage reaches 12 V.
9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.

                                     © 2015 DJL f\ii Rights Reserved  17
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

10. Battery Cell Damage Protection: The DJI Pilot app displays a warning message when a damaged
      battery cell is detected.

11. Battery Error History: Browse the battery error history in the DJI Pilot app.
12. Sleep Mode: To save power, the battery enters sleep mode after 20 minutes of inactivity.
13. Communication: Information pertaining to the battery's voltage, capacity, current, etc. is transmitted to

     the aircraft's main controller.

 it, Refer to Phantom 3 Professional/ Advanced Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines before

          use. Users take full responsibility for all operations and usage.

Using the Battery

                                                   ~~~~~-----LED2
                                                                ~~~~~~-LED3

                                                          .---T--LED4

                                                                                                     Power Button (Bulit-in LED)
                                                           ._____ _::-;;:~=-_...L..-Battery Levellndicotors

Turning ON/OFF
Turning On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn on. The

                  Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level Indicators will display the current battery level.
Turning Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. The

                  battery power LED will flash when powering off the Phantom to allow automatically stopping
                  of a recording during the event recording wasn't stopped.

Low Temperature Notice:
1. Battery capacity is significantly reduced when flying in low temperature (< 0°C) environments.
2. It is not recommended that the battery be used in extremely low temperature (< -1 0°C) environments.

    Battery voltage should reach the appropriate level when operating environment with temperatures

  between -1 ooc and 5°C.

3. End the flight as soon as the DJI Pilot app displays the "Low Battery Level Warning" in low temperature
    environments.

4. Keep the battery indoors to warm it before flying in low temperature environments.
5. To ensure optimal performance of the battery, keep the battery temperature above 20°C.
6. The charger will stop charging the battery if the battery cell's temperature is not within the operating

    range (0°C ~ 40°C ).

 it, In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and allow the aircraft for

          approximately 1-2 minutes to warm up before taking off.

Checking the Battery Level
The Battery Level Indicators display how much power remains. When the battery is turned off, press
the Power Button once. The Battery Level Indicators will light up to display the current battery level. See
below for details.

18 ©) 2015 DJI. All Rights Reservec.
                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

E:§ The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during charging and

       discharging. The indicators are defined below.

       0 :LED is on.   iQ\: LED is flashing.

       0 :LED is off.

Battery Level  LED2    LED3           LED4                 Battery Level                                   }>

    LED1         0       0              0                  87.5%~100%                                      0......
                                                            75%~87.5%                                      ~
     0           0       0             '(J!                 62.5%~75%
     0                                                      50%~62.5%
     0           0       0              0                   37.5%~50%
     0                                                      25%~37.5%
     0           0      n              0                    12.5%~25%
     0                                 0                     0%~12.5%
     0           0       0             0
                         0             0                        =0%
   n           u..       0             0
                         0             0
    0           0        0
                0
                0

Battery life

Battery life refers to how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before it must
be replaced. When the battery is turned off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds to check the
battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink for two seconds, as shown below:

Battery Life

LED1           LED2    LED3           LED4                 Battery Life

  0              0       0              0                  90%~100%
                 0       0                                  80%~90%
  0                                    n                    70%~80%
                                                            60%~70%
       0 000                                                50%~60%
                                                            40%~50%
       0 0n0                                                30%~40%
                                                            20%~30%
       0 00                           0
                                      0                    below20%
       0 n0

       0000

       'IT 0 0 0

       0 00 0

& When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.

r=l=l  For more information about the battery, launch the DJI Pilot app and check the information that is
L:.P

       listed under the battery tab.

                                                           r[) 201b DJI. Ali Rigl1ts Resecved  19
         Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery
        1. Connect the Battery Charger to a power source (100-240 V 50/60Hz).
       2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

           level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.
       3. The Battery Level Indicator will display the current battery level as it is charging.
       4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when the Battery Level Indicators are all off.
       5. Air-cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature

           before storing it for an extended period.

                 · We do not recommend charging the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with the
                    standard charger at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.

)>

                 · Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Phantom 3 Professional.
                    Never insert or remove a battery when it is turned on.

      DOD

      Intelligent Flight Battery                    Charger             Power Outlet

Battery Level Indicators While Charging

LED1        LED2                        LED3  LED4                      Battery Level
                                                                           0%-25%
n0                                      0       0                         25%-50%
                                                0                         50%-75%
nn0
nnn                                             0                        75%-100%
nnn                                                                     Fully Charged
                                               n
0 00
                                                0

Battery Protection LED Display
The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

Battery Level Indicators while Charging

LED1  LED2  LED3  LED4 Blinking Pattern                                 Battery Protection Item

 0     n      0                         0 LED2 blinks twice per second  Over current detected
 0            0
       n                                0 LED2 blinks three times per second Short circuit detected

0 0 iQ 0 LED3 blinks twice per second                                   Over charge detected

n0 0                                    0 LED3 blinks three times per second Over-voltage charger detected

n0 0 0                                  LED4 blinks twice per second    Charging temperature is too low

n0 0 0                                  LED4 blinks three times per second Charging temperature is too high

20 @) 2015 OJL ,Ll,il Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

After these issues are resolved, press the Power Button to turn off the Battery Level Indicator. Unplug the
Intelligent Flight Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume charging. Note that you do not
need to unplug and plug in the charger in the event of a room temperature error; the charger will resume
charging when the temperature is within the allowable range.

& DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

 :(): How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:
         Slow : Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Phantom 3 Professional's Battery Compartment
         and turn it on. Leave it on until there is less than 8% of power left, or until the battery can no
         longer be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to check battery levels.
         Rapid : Fly the Phantom 3 Professional outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left, or until
         the battery can no longer be turned on.

© 2015 DJI. Ali R'ghts ReservGd  21
Remote Controller

This section describes the features
of the remote controller and includes
instructions for controlling the aircraft
and the camera.

22 © 20·15 DJ!. A!l R!ghts Reserved.
Remote Controller

Remote ControllerProfi.le

The Phantom 3 Professional remote controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that                                :JJ
integrates the video downlink system and aircraft remote control system. The video downlink and aircraft
remote control system operate at 2.4 GHz. The remote controller features a number of camera control                                (])
functions, such as taking and previewing photos and videos, as well as controlling gimbal motion.
The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The battery level is displayed via LED                              :3
indicators on the front panel of the remote controller.
                                                                                                                                   0
 EEJ ·Compliance Version: The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.
                                                                                                                                   (i)
         · Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 or Mode 2, or to a custom mode.
         · Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.                                                                         0
         · Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.
                                                                                                                                   0
 & To prevent transmission interference, do not operate more than three aircrafts in the same area.
                                                                                                                                   ~....,
Using the Remote Controller
                                                                                                                                   0

                                                                                                                                   ro

Turning the Remote Controller On and Off

The Phantom 3 Professional remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery that has a
capacity of 6000 mAh. The battery level is indicated via the Battery Level LEOs on the front panel. Follow
the steps below to turn on your remote controller:
1. When the remote controller is turned off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level LEOs will

    display the current battery level.
2. Press and hold the Power Button to turn on the remote controller.
3. The remote controller will beep when it is turned on. The Status LED will rapidly blink green, indicating

   that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The Status LEDs will glow solid green when linking is
   complete.
4. Repeat Step 2 to turn off the remote controller.

Charging the Remote Controller
Charge the remote controller using the included charger. Refer to the figure on next page below for more
details.

                                                                                            23rg 2CJ15 8Ji. A!i R!ql:ts Reserved.
      Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

                                                                                            Power Outlet

                                          Charger

      Power Button

      Controlling the Camera

:0    Shoot videos/pictures, view recorded images, and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera
CD
3     Settings Dial, Playback Button, and Video Recording Button on the remote controller.

0
..-+
CD

0
0
2-
0                             [5]-~_;~rr=1---r~;;:t+-_ [1]

.C..D.. [4]                                        [2]

      [1] Camera Settings Dial
          Turn the dial to adjust camera settings such as ISO, shutter speed, and aperture without letting go of
           the remote controller. Move the dial to left or right to scroll through pictures and videos in playback
           mode. Press down on the dial to toggle between these settings.

      [2] Playback Button
           Press to view images and videos that have already been captured.

      [3] Shutter Button
          Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

      [4] Video Recoding Button
           Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

      [5] Gimbal Dial
           Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.

      Controlling Aircraft
      This section explains how to control the orientation of the aircraft through the remote controller. The
      Remote Control is set to Mode 2 by default.
      24 @) 20~15 D..J:. Ali Rights Reserve~L
1
I Phantom 3 Professional User tvlanual

~   Stick Neutral/Mid-Point Control sticks are in the center position.

cP

    Moving the Control Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the center position.

Remote Controller               Aircraft          Remarks
     (Mode 2)      ( t~lndicates Nose Direction)
                                                  Moving the left stick up and down changes the
     ~                                            aircraft's elevation.                                        JJ
     ~                                            Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                                                  When both sticks are centered, the Phantom 3                 CD
                                                  Professional will hover in place.
                                                  The more the stick is pushed away from the center            3
                                                  position, the faster the Phantom 3 Professional will
                                                  change elevation. Always push the stick gently               c0o
                                                  to prevent sudden and unexpected elevation
                                                  changes.                                                     0

                                                  Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the      0
                                                  rudder and rotation of the aircraft.
                                                  Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter-           :::J
                                                  clockwise, push the stick right to rotate the aircraft
                                                  clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom 3           .-+
                                                  Professional will maintain its current orientation.
                                                  The more the stick is pushed away from the center            0
                                                  position, the faster the Phantom 3 Professional will
                                                  rotate.                                                      CD

                                                  Moving the right stick up and down changes the
                                                  aircraft's forward and backward pitch.
                                                  Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly
                                                  backward. Phantom 3 Professional will hover in
                                                  place if the stick is centered.
                                                  Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                                  a larger pitch angle (maximum 30°) and faster flight.

                                                  Moving the right stick control left and right changes
                                                  the aircraft's left and right pitch.
                                                  Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The
                                                  Phantom 3 Professional will hover in place if the
                                                  stick is centered.

                                                  Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the
                                                  camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the
                                                  dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point
                                                  downwards. The camera will remain in its current
                                                  position when dial is static.

                                                                        @; 2815 D~Ji. A!! Rights Rese~ved. 25
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Flight Mode Switch                                    Position 1 ~_f::\~ ~

Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.         d ba
You may choose between; P-mode, F-mode and A-
mode.                                                 Position 2

 Position   Figure                       Flight Mode  Position3r-"~'
Position 1                                 F-mode
Position2   ~0\                            A-mode
Position3                                  P-mode
               ;::::,

            db

            c;;!F;e;b

P-mode (Positioning): P-mode works best when the GPS signal is strong. There are three different
versions of P-mode, which will be automatically selected by the Phantom 3 Professional depending on
GPS signal strength and the Vision Positioning sensors:

            P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available; the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
            P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but a sufficient GPS signal is not available. Aircraft is using

                       only Vision Positioning for position holding.
            P-ATTI: Neither GPS nor Vision Positioning is available, the aircraft is using only its barometer for

                       positioning, so only altitude is maintained.
A-mode (Attitude): GPS and Vision Positioning System are not used for stabilization. The aircraft uses
only its barometer to stabilize. The aircraft can automatically return to the Home Point if remote controller
signal is lost and the Home Point was recorded successfully.
F-mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC section in the Appendix.
By default, the Flight Mode Switch is locked toP-mode. To unlock other flight modes, launch the DJI Pilot
app, enter the "Camera" page, and tap "Mode", then activate "Multiple Flight Mode".

RTH Button
Press and hold the RTH button to start the Return-to-Home (RTH) procedure. The LED ring around the RTH
Button will blink white to indicate that the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the
last recorded Home Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain control of the
aircraft.

26 <?~> 2015 DJ . Ali ::1ignts Reserved
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Connecting Your Mobile Device

Tilt the mobile device holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the mobile device holder
to release the clamp, and then place your mobile device into the cradle. Adjust the clamp down to secure the
mobile device. To connect your mobile device to the remote controller using a USB cable, plug one end of
the cable into your mobile device and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.

                                                                                                                                                                                                ::0
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CD

                                                                                                                                         3

                                                                                                                                                                                                              0

                                                                                                                                           ai

                                                                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                                                                                                                              0
                                                                                                                                                                                       ~

                                                                                                                          0

Optimal Transmission Range

The transmission signal between the aircraft and the remote controller is most reliable within the area that
is depicted in the image below:

                                  \I

strong  weak

Ensure that the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission zone. To achieve the best transmission
performance, maintain the appropriate relationship between the operator and the aircraft.

 Remote Controller Status LED

The Status LED reflects the strength of the connection between the remote controller and the aircraft. The
RTH LED indicates the Return-to-Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains more information
about these indicators.

                      '\:iJ! ® ~

                                    (@} ~11---tl----- RTH LED

        Status LED -----""'~;;:;;;;;::;;;:,~~=~

                                                 27<0 2015 DJI. Ali Rights Reserve(J.
    Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

    Status LED                            Alarm        Remote Controller Status
    ®~-Solid Red                                       The remote controller is disconnected from the aircraft.
    :~-Solid Green                        J Chime      The remote controller is connected to the aircraft.
                                          J Chime

    ·®:·······Slow Blinking Red 0-0-0···· ··           Remote controller error.

    :ifJI-lf?H:?Jfr@ ······                            HD downlink is disrupted.

    Red and Green/ Red and None

    Yellow Alternate Blinks

    RTH LED                               Sound        Remote Controller Status
                                          /Chime       Aircraft is returning home.
    --1$):-- Solid White

JJ  -:i;t/F····· Blinking White           0···         Sending Return-to-Home command to the aircraft.
                                          DO······     Return-to-Home procedure in progress.
CD

3
c0o :0ft: ······Blinking White

0

Lt.0

~ The Remote Status Indicator will blink red and sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

0

    Linking the Remote Controller

    The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new
    remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

    1. Turn on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch the OJI Pilot app.
    2. Turn on the Intelligent Flight Battery.

    3. Enter "Camera" and tap on ~"' 11 111 and then tap "Linking RC" button as shown below.

                          < RC Control Setting                                      X

                                 RC Calibration                                     >
                                 Stick Mode                                         >

                          Default stick mode is Mode 2. changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                          Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                                 C1 [     Not Defined  C2 [  Not Defined
                                 ~--------------~      ~--------------~

                                                       You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                       of the RC.

    28 @ 2015 DJI. Ali Rights Reserve::.
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and a beep is
    emitted.

< RC Control Setting                                                          X

RC Calibration                                                                >

Stick Mode                                                                      >

Delau It stick mode is M<      Searching for aircraft frequency,     he aircraft is controlled.
Do not change unless IE               timeout in 54 seconds

C1 [        NotD           Press the linking button on the aircraft  Defined  J                                                                JJ
                                  to link this remote controller
                                                                                                                                               CD
                                          Cancel
                                                                                                                                               3
                           You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                           of the RC.                                                                                                          0

                                                                                                                                               (i)

                                                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                                                               0
                                                                                                                                               ~

                                                                                                                                               0

                                                                                                                                               CD

5. Locate the linking button on the side of the aircraft, as shown in the figure below. Press the link button
    to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator LED will display a solid green once the remote
    controller is successfully linked to the aircraft.

                                                                                                                         Link Button

 & · The remote controller will un-link itself from an aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to the

            same aircraft.

Remote Controller Compliance Version

The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.

                                                                                                  29@ 20:5 DJ! ..1\il R·ghts Reserved.
Camera and Gimbal

This section provides the technical
specifications of the camera and
explains the gimbal's operation modes.

30 (_0) 2015 DJI. AI! Rrghts Reserved.
Camera and Gimbal

 Camera Profile

The on-board camera uses the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor to capture video (up to 4096x2160p at 24fps or
4K at up to 30fps with the Phantom 3 Professional) and 12 megapixel stills. You may choose to record
the video in either MOV or MP4 format. Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and
time-lapse mode. A live preview of what the camera sees can be monitored on the connected mobile
device via the OJI Pilot app.
Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
To store your photos and videos, insert the Micro-SO card into the slot, as shown below, before
turning on the Phantom 3 Professional. The Phantom 3 Professional comes with a 16 GB Micro-SO
card and supports Micro-SO cards up to 64 GB. A UHS-1 Micro-SO card is recommended due to
their fast read and write speeds allowing you to save high-resolution video data.

 0 Do not remove the Micro-SO card from the Phantom 3 Professional when it is turned on.

Camera Data Port
Turn on the Phantom 3 Professional and connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download
photos and videos to your computer.

                          . - --

 Lb. The aircraft must be turned on before attempting to access the files on the Micro-SO card.

                                                                                               31© 2015 D.JI. Ail Rights Reservec.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Camera Operation

Use the Shutter and Video Recording buttons on the remote controller to shoot the images or videos
through the DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling the
Camera Page 24".

 Gimbal

Gimbal Profile

The 3-axis gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture clear,
stable images and video. The gimbal can tilt the camera within a 120° range.

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the tilt movement of the camera.

Gimbal Operation Modes

Two gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the camera
settings page of the DJI Pilot app. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote
controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

                    Follow Mode The angle between gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains
                                        constant at all times.

   ~

  cP

                     FPVMode The gimbal will synchronize with the movement of the aircraft to provide a
                                        first-person perspective flying experience.

 ~ · A gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) the aircraft is placed on uneven ground
            or the gimbal's motion is obstructed (2) the gimbal has been subjected to an excessive
            external force, such as a collision. Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the gimbal
            at all times.

         · Flying in heavy fog or clouds may make the gimbal wet, leading to temporary failure. The
            gimbal will recover full functionality after it dries.

32 © 2015 DciL Ail 'iights Reserved.
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Anti-Drop Kit
The anti-drop kit helps keep the gimbal and camera connected to the aircraft. Two pins have been
mounted prior to shipping. If new or additional pins are required, see the diagram below. Press Part

<D through the hole of the vibration absorber and into the center hole of Part ® , then lock them together

as shown@. Mounting the anti-drop kit pins diagonally from each other is recommended.

                                                                                                   1@ 2015 DJI. Ali R!ghts Peserveo. 33
OJ I Pilot App

This section introduces the four main
functions of the DJI Pilot app.

34 © 20!5 0~'- .All Rigr,ts Reserved.
DJI Pilot App

The DJI Pilot app is a mobile application designed specifically for the Phantom 3 Professional. Use this
app to control the gimbal, camera, and other aircraft functions. The app also features Map, Academy,
and User Center, which are used for configuring your aircraft and sharing your photos and videos with
others. It is recommended that you use a tablet for the best experience.

United States                                                                                                                                 0

Mountain View                                                                                                                                 c._

  0            B                            STORE  DISCOVERY

(@)            DIRECTOR

CAMERA

Camera

The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Phantom 3 Professional's camera. You can also
configure various camera parameters from the Camera page.

[1] [2] [3]              [4] [5] [6] [7] [8]

[17] ----+-''ft"                                              [9]
                    ~~--~--~------~~---==-

[16] --+-(fi))

                                                                                                                                        [10]
[14]

[13]

                                                                [12] [11]

                                                                                  35© ;?C15 ;::~u;< Ali R:gnts Reserved.
         Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       [1] Flight Mode

        8: The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

            Tap to configure the MC (Main Controller) Settings. These settings allow you to modify flight limits and
            set the gain values.

       [2] GPS Signal Strength
            ~~ull: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicate adequate GPS
            strength.

       [3] IOC Settings
            ~ CL: This icon displays the IOC setting when the aircraft has entered F-mode. Tap to view the IOC
            settings menu and select the desired IOC setting.

       [4] System Status
             satetoFty(GPS) :This icon indicates the current aircraft system status and GPS signal strength.

0

c._

       [5] Battery Level Indicator
            --<>-<>0 --o : The battery level indicator provides a dynamic display of the battery level. The colored
            zones on the battery level indicator represent the power levels needed to carry out different functions.

       [6] Remote Controller Signal
            ~"" 11 111: This icon shows the strength of remote controller's signal.

       [7] HD Video Link Signal Strength

         ~}![~""oil II: This icon shows the strength of the HD video downlink connection between the aircraft and

            the remote controller.

       [8] Battery Level

        1ft 100%: This icon shows the current battery level.

            Tap to view the battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds, and view the
            battery warning history.

       [9] General Settings
            : : : Tap this icon to view the General Settings page. From this page, you can set flight parameters,
            reset the camera, enable the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value, and toggle the flight
            route display.

     [1 OJ Camera Operation Bar

              Shutter and Recording Settings

          lt<J: Tap to enter various camera value settings, including color space for the recording, resolution of

            the videos, image size and so on.

              Shutter
              · :Tap this button to take a single photo. Press and hold this button to select single shot, triple shot
              or time-lapsed shooting modes.

       36 ©! 20"5 DJi. A!i R<ghts Rese:vsc
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       Record

    8 : Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

       Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same functionality.

       Playback

     [EJ : Tap to enter the playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are

       captured.

      Camera Settings
      -· :=:Tap to set ISO, shutter and auto exposure values of the camera.

[11] Vision Positioning
      ~ : This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

[12] Flight Telemetry                                                                                                                          c0....

      The Vision Positioning Status icon is highlighted when the Vision Positioning is in operation.                                           s.
      Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
      (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.                                                                          )>
      (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.                                                                                       "D
      (3) The angle of the boundary between the light blue and dark blue areas indicates the roll angle.                                       "D

[13] Map
      Display the flight path of the current flight. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

                    0

          ·

[14] Return to Home (RTH)

    c:f; : Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the last recorded home point.

[15] Auto Takeoff/Landing

      ~J.i.: Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

© 2015 DJl. A!l Rights Reserved. 37
        Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
       [16] Livestream

      «:»: Livestream icon indicates the current video feed is broadcasting live on YouTube. Be sure the

              mobile data seNice is available on the mobile device.
       [17] Back

              ~ :Tap to return to the main GUI.

      Director

       Director is an automatic video editor built into the DJI Pilot app. After recording several video clips, simply
       tap "Director" from the app's horne screen. You can then select a template and a specified number of
       clips, which are automatically combined to create a short film that can be shared immediately.

      Store

0
c._ Tap "Store" to visit the official DJI Online Store to see the latest information about DJI products and easily

       buy new products.

      Discovery

       Sync pictures and videos to your mobile device, view flight logs, and check your DJI account status in
       "Discovery". Use your registered DJI account to login to "Discovery".

       38 @ 2015 DJI. N Rrghts Reserved.
Flight

This section describes safe flight
practices and flight restrictions.

                             39© 20!5 OJ; ..A!i Rights Reserved.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended that you use the flight simulator in the DJI Pilot
app to hone your flight skills and practice flying safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in an open
area.

---- -  -- -,                        --

Flight Environnienl Requirements

        1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speeds exceeding 10 m/s ,
           snow, rain and fog.

        2. Only fly in open areas. Tall structures and large metal structures may affect the accuracy of the on-
           board compass and GPS system.

        3. Avoid obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees, and bodies of water.
        4. Minimize interference by avoiding areas with high levels of electromagnetism, including base stations

           and radio transmission towers.
        5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and

           temperature.Be very careful when flying at altitudes greater than 19, 685 feet (6000 meters) above sea
11 level, as the performance of the battery and aircraft may be affected.

'§. 6. The Phantom 3 Professional cannot operate within the polar areas.

Flight Limits. and No-Fly Zones

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations set forth by government and
regulatory agencies including the ICAO and the FAA. For safety reasons, flights are limited by default,
which helps users operate this product safely and legally. Flight limitations include height limits, distance
limits, and No-Fly Zones.
When operating in P-mode, height limits, distance limits, and No-Fly Zones function concurrently to
manage flight safety. In A-mode, only height limits are in effect, which by default prevent the aircraft
altitude from exceeding 1640 feet (500 m).

Maximum flight altitude & Radius Limits
Maximum flight altitude and radius limits may be changed in the DJI Pilot app. Be aware that the
maximum flight altitude cannot exceed 1640 feet (500 meters). In accordance with these settings, your
Phantom 3 Professional will fly in a restricted cylinder, as shown below:

               Maximum Flight Altitude   Max Radius

                                                                    Home Point

                                        __wt-----+-- Height of aircraft
                                                                    when turned on

40 © 2015 DJI.I\Ii Rights Reserved.
                                                                     Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

GPS Signal Strong -:$): ······Blinking Green

                Flight Limits                   DJI Pilotapp         Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                Warning: Height
Maximum Flight  Aircraft's altitude cannot      limit reached.       None.
Altitude        exceed the specified value.
                                                Warning: Distance    Rapid red flashing
Max Radius      Flight distance must be within  limit reached.       ······ when close to the
                the max radius.                                      max radius limit.

GPS Signal Weak:@-······ Blinking Yellow

            Flight Limits                     DJI Pilot app          Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                                     None.
Maximum     Height is restricted to 400       Warning: Height limit
Flight      feet. (120m) and under.           reached.
Altitude

Max Radius No limits

          · If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom 3, but cannot fly it any father. If the

 & Phantom 3 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

            range automatically.
          · If the Phantom 3 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back

           within range automatically.

No-Fly Zones

All No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI official website at http://flysafe.dji.com/no-fly. No-Fly Zones are
divided into Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include major airports and flying fields where manned
aircraft operate at low altitudes. Restricted Areas include border lines between countries or sensitive
institute. The details of the No-Fly Zones are explained as follow:

Airport

(1) Airport No-Fly Zone are comprised of Take-off Restricted zones and Restricted Altitude Zones. Each
     zone features circles of various sizes.

(2) R1 miles (value of the R1 depends on the size and shape of the airport) around the airport is a Take-
     off restricted zone, inside of which take off is prevented.

(3) From R1 mile to R1 + 1 mile around the airport the flight altitude is limited to a 15 degree inclination.
     Starting at 65 feet (20 meters) from the edge of airport and radiating outward. The flight altitude is
    limited to 1640 feet (500 meters) at R1 +1 mile

(4) When the aircraft enters within 320 feet (100 meters) of No-Fly Zones, a warning message will appear
     on the DJI Pilot app.

                                                                     @) 2015 OJl. r\i! r-iigt-'1ts Reserved  41
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

                     I+- R1 -+1     No-fly zone Restricted-altitude flight zone Warning zone

+-----------R2---------+

Restricted Area

(1) Restricted Areas does not have flight altitude restrictions.
(2) R miles around the designated restriction area is a Take-off Restricted area. Aircraft cannot take off

     within this zone. The value of R varies based on the definition of the restricted areas.
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the Restricted Area. When the aircraft approaches within 0.6

     miles (1 km) of this zone, a warning message will appear on the DJI Pilot app.

                                                                                                                  No-fly zone Warning zone Free zone

42 @) 2015 DJI. A!! Rights Reserved.
                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

GPS Signal Strong -~:······Blinking Green

   Zone          Restriction                            DJI Pilot App Prompt                Aircraft
No-fly Zone                                                                                 Status
                                                                                            Indicator

                 Motors will not start.                 Warning: You are in a No-fly
                                                        zone. Take off prohibited.

                 If the aircraft enters the             Warning: You are in a no-fly zone.
                 restricted area in A-mode, but is      Automatic landing has begun.
                 switched to P-mode, the aircraft
                 will automatically descend, land,
                 and stop its motors.

 Restricted-     If the aircraft enters the restricted  R1: Warning: You are in a           13\······
altitude flight  area in A-mode, but is switched        restricted zone. Descending to
                 to P-mode, it will descend to an       safe altitude.                      Red flashing
     zone        appropriate altitude and hover         R2: Warning: You are in a
                 15 feet below the altitude limit.      restricted zone. Maximum flight
                                                        altitude is restricted to between
                                                        20m and 500m. Fly cautiously.

Warning zone No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a

                 there will be a warning .              restricted zone, Fly cautiously.

Free zone        No restrictions.                       None.

                                                                                            None.

E§ Semi-automatic descent All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

        during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

& · When flying in a safety zone, the aircraft's status indicator will blink red rapidly and continue

          for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which
          point it will switch back to blinking red.
        · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
          city centers, or other sensitive areas. Fly the aircraft only within your line of sight.

                                                                              © 2015 DJi ..411 R!gr1ts qeserved. 43
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Preflight Checklist

1. Remote controller, Intelligent Flight Battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SO card has been inserted, if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning normally.
5. Motors can start and are functioning normally.
6. The DJI Pilot app is successfully connected to the aircraft.

--                                        - '"

·calibrating the COmpa$$

        IMPORTANT: Always calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive
        to electromagnetic interference, which can produce abnormal compass data and lead to poor flight
        performance or flight failure. Regular calibration is required for optimal performance.

      0 · Do not calibrate your compass where there is any possibility of strong magnetic interference.

                    Sources of potential interference include magnetite, parking structures, and subterranean
                    metal structures

(Q

;:?; · Do not carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular
                    phones.

                  · Do not calibrate in direct proximity to large metal objects.
                  · DO NOT calibrate indoors.

Calibration Procedures

Choose an open area to carry out the following procedures.
1. Ensure that the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass as part of your pre-flight

    preparations, or if you have moved to a new location since the last calibration, tap the Aircraft Status
    Bar in the app and select "Calibrate", then follow the on-screen instructions.
2. Hold the aircraft horizontally and rotate 360 degrees. The Aircraft Status Indicators will display a solid
    green light.

44 © 2015 0~..1!. r. .11 Rights Reserved
                                                                                                             Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

3. Hold the aircraft vertically, with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center
    axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator glows solid red.

 & If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration procedure, move your

          aircraft to a different location and try again.
 ~\}~ Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and follow the on-screen

          instructions to calibrate the compass. DO NOT calibrate the compass near metal objects such
          as a metal bridge, cars, scaffolding.

When to Recalibrate

1.When compass data is abnormal and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking green and yellow.
2.When flying in a new location or in a location that is different from the most recent flight.
3.When the mechanical or physical structure of the Phantom 3 Professional has been changed.
4.When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom 3 Professional does not fly in straight line.

Auto Takeoff and Auto Landing

Auto Takeoff
Use auto takeoff only if the Aircraft Status Indicators are blinking green. Follow the steps below to use the
auto takeoff feature:
1. Launch the DJI Pilot app, and enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in P- mode.
3. Complete all steps on the pre-flight checklist.

4. Tap" -t ", and confirm that conditions are safe for flight. Slide the icon to confirm and takeoff.

5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at (1.5 meters) above ground.

& Aircraft Status Indicator blinks rapidly when it is using the Vision Position System for stabilization.

           The aircraft will automatically hover below 3 meters. It is recommended to wait until there is
           sufficient GPS lock before using the Auto Take-off feature.

                                                                                               45© 2015 OJ I. AI! Rigrrts ~eserved.
Phantom 3 Professional User tvlanual

Auto-Landing
Use auto-landing only if the Aircraft Status Indicators are blinking green. Follow the steps below to use the
auto-landing feature:
1. Ensure the aircraft is in P- mode.
2. Check the landing area condition before tapping "_., ", to begin landing. Then follow the on-screen

    instructions.

Star1ing/Stqpping·tne ·Mntors

Starting the Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors. Push both sticks to the bottom
inner or outer corners to start the motors. Once the motors have started spinning, release both sticks
simultaneously.

Stopping the Motors

There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When Phantom 3 Professional has landed, push the throttle downeD, then conduct the same
CSC that was used to start the motors, as described above®. Motors will stop immediately. Release both
sticks once motors stop.
Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push and hold the throttle down. The motors will stop after three
seconds.

Method 1  Method 2

& Do not perform a CSC when the aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will suddently stop.

 Flight Test

Takeoff/Landing Procedures

1. Place the aircraft in an open, flat area with the battery level indicators facing towards you.
2. Turn on the remote controller and your mobile device, then turn on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Launch the OJI Pilot app and enter the Camera page.
4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicators blink green. This means the Home Point is recorded and it is now safe

   to fly. If they flash yellow, the Home Point has not been recorded.
5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or use Auto Takeoff.
6. Shoot photos and videos using the OJI Pilot app.
7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle to descend.
8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position until the motors stop.
9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, then the Remote Controller.

46 @ 2015 DJt ..Ar: Rights Reserveci.
                                                                                                           Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 & · When the Aircraft Status Indicators blink yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe

           mode.
         · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicators blinking red slowly or

           rapidly during flight.
         · Watch our video tutorials for more flight information.
Video Suggestions and Tips
I. Go through the full pre-flight checklist before each flight.
2. Select the desired gimbal operation mode in the OJI Pilot app.
3. Only shoot video when flying in P-mode.
4. Always fly in good weather and avoid flying in rain or heavy wind.
5. Choose the camera settings that suit your needs. Settings include photo format and exposure compensation.
6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and preview scenes.
7. Push the control sticks gently to keep the aircraft's movement smooth and stable.

                                                                                               47© 20i5 DJI. A" Rights Reserved.
FAQ

48 @ 2015 OJ!. i\.11 R:gr:'s Reserved.
Troubleshooting (FAQ)

What is the difference between the Phantom 3 Professional and the Phantom 3 Advanced?
The biggest difference between the Phantom 3 Professional and the Phantom 3 Advanced is in the
camera. The Phantom 3 Professional is capable of shooting spectacular 4K video at up to 30 frames per
second, and the Phantom 3 Advanced is capable of shooting at resolutions up to 1080p60. Both models
shoot 12 megapixel photos.
The other main difference is the Intelligent Flight Battery charger. The Phantom 3 Advanced comes with a
57-watt charging unit and the Phantom 3 Professional comes with a 100-watt charger, the latter of which
allows for shorter charging times.

Can I remove the camera and attach my own?
No. The cameras that come with both models are permanently attached. Attempting to remove, replace, or
modify the camera may damage the product and will void your warranty.

Can I charge my Remote Controller and Intelligent Flight Battery at the same time?                               11
While the Remote Controller charger and Intelligent Flight Battery charger have been integrated into one         )>
unit for your convenience, it is recommended that you only charge one item at a time. We recommend that
you never charge both items using the same charger at the same time.                                             0

What are the buttons on the back of my Remote Controller for?
The two buttons on the back of the Remote Controller can be customized and assigned to function as you
choose through the DJI Pilot app. Refer to the manual for more information.

How far can I fly my Phantom 3?
The signal transmission distance will vary depending on environmental conditions, but the Phantom 3
series can reach distances of up to 1.2 miles (2 kilometers) away from the pilot.

What app should I use with my Phantom 3?
The Phantom 3 is compatible with the DJI Pilot app for iOS and Android, which is already used with the DJI
Inspire. The app will detect which aircraft is connected and automatically adjust accordingly.

Which mobile devices are compatible with the app?
The DJI Pilot app is only compatible with devices running iOS 8.0 or later or Android v4.1.2 or later.
The following devices are recommended:
iOS: iPhone Ss, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi
+ Cellular, iPad Air 2, iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is
optimized for iPhone Ss, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus
Android: Samsung SS, Note 3, Sony Z3 EXPERIA, Google Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3, Nubia Z7 mini
Support for additional Android devices will become available as testing and development continues.

@ 20>5 Qjl. /\il R1g~ts Raservsc  49
     Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

     How do I use the Director automatic video editor?
     Director is an automatic video editor built into the DJI Pilot app. After recording several video clips, simply
     tap "Director" from the app's home screen. You can then select a template and a specified number of
     clips, which are automatically combined to create a short film that can be shared immediately.

     How do I change the control mode of my Phantom 3?
     By default, the Remote Controller is set to Mode 2. This means that the right control stick controls the
     movement of the aircraft and the lett control stick controls the throttle and orientation of the aircraft. These
     controls can be changed to Mode 1 or set to a customized configuration in the DJI Pilot app. This is only
     recommended for advanced users.

     Can I use a Phantom 2 Remote Controller with the Phantom 3?
     No. The Phantom 2 Remote Controller operates on a different frequency. The Phantom 2 Remote Controller
     operates at 5.8 GHz and the new Phantom 3 Remote Controller operates at 2.4 GHz.

     Can I use a Phantom 2 Intelligent Flight Battery with the Phantom 3?

"1l  No. The Phantom 3 uses a newly designed Intelligent Flight Battery with greater power. The Phantom 3 has
)>

0    a 4 cell battery with a capacity of 4480 mAh and a voltage of 15.2 V.

     My Phantom 3 does not turn off right away, is something wrong?
     This is normal. After you attempt to power off the Intelligent Flight Battery, it may remain on for a few
     seconds as any video data is saved to the Micro SD card. This helps prevent your data from being lost or
     corrupted.

     Do I have to buy the Remote Controller separately?
     No, there is no need to buy a separate Remote Controller. Your Phantom 3 comes with a Remote Controller
     that is already linked to the aircraft.

     Does my Phantom 3 support dual Remote Controllers?
     No. The included Remote Controller can be used to control both the aircraft and the gimbal tilt at the same
     time.

     What does the "P, A, F" switch on the Remote Controller do?
     This switch, called the Flight Mode Switch, allows you to toggle different flight modes:
     P-mode, or Positioning mode, indicates that both GPS and the Vision Positioning System are active and
     your Phantom 3 will attempt to stabilize using both.
     In A-mode, or Attitude mode, the aircraft does not use GPS or the Vision Positioning System. Only the
     barometer is used for stabilization. The aircraft can still return to the Home Point as long as a sufficient GPS
     signal is available.
     F-mode, or Function mode, activates Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) functionality. Refer to the IOC
     section in the Appendix of the User Manual.
     By default, only P-mode may be used. Refer to your user manual for instructions on unlocking the other
     modes.

     50 © 2815 DJ!. All Rights Rese:wc
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

What is the Phantom 3 flight time?
Flight times will vary depending on environmental conditions and usage patterns, but the Intelligent Flight
Battery is designed to provide up to 23 minutes of uninterrupted flight time when fully charged.

How can I restore a video file if the power is turned off during recording?
Do not remove the Micro-SO card from the camera. If it has been removed, place it back in the camera.
Turn the Phantom 3 on and wait approximately 30 seconds as the video file is restored.

How can I ensure that my pictures and videos will be synchronized to my iOS album?
You may need to adjust the settings of your mobile device. Open the Settings menu, select the Privacy
tab, select the Photos tab, and then toggle the switch next to the OJI Pilot app icon. If the Pilot app has not
been granted access to your albums, the photos and videos cannot be synchronized.

What should I do to land my Phantom 3 smoothly as possible?                                                            "11
Hover the aircraft over a flat, level surface. Slowly pull the throttle stick down until the aircraft touches the      )>
ground.
                                                                                                                       0
Why is the discharge time of the battery not zero, even though I have never used it?
Every battery is tested prior to being packaged and shipped. This affects the discharge time of a new
battery and is the reason that the discharge time is not zero. The battery is safe to use.

Can the mobile device holder be used on the Phantom 2 series Remote Controller?
No, it cannot.

How to safely operate the aircraft when encountering compass error?
A compass error may occur when the aircraft is flying close to strong electric magnetic sources (e.g.
power transmission lines). Aircraft Status Indicators blink red and yellow rapidly when a compass error
occurs and the DJI Pilot app will display one of the following messages:
· Compass error, calibration required

  This warning message indicates the aircraft is receiving abnormal compass readings. It is recommended
  to power off the aircraft and re-calibrate the compass at a different location and then resume the flight.
· Compass error, exit P-GPS Mode
  This warning message indicates that the aircraft is drifting severely. Bring the aircraft to a higher altitude
  to gain enough GPS satellite locks when this warning message is prompted. The flight controller will
  automatically adjust the orientation of the aircraft in the midair to mitigate the drifts. The aircraft will switch
  back to P-GPS mode when the automatic adjustment is completed.

51(Ql 2015 DJl. Ai: Rigr,ts Reserved.
Appendix

52 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
Appendix

Specifications

Aircraft                  1280 g
Weight (Battery &
Propellers Included)      5 m/s
Max. Ascent Speed         3 m/s
Max. Descent Speed        16 m/s (ATil mode, no wind)
Max. Speed                6000m
Max. Flight Altitude      Approximately 23 minutes
Max. Flight Time
Operating Temperature     ooc to 40°C
GPS Mode
Gimbal                    GPS/GLONASS
Controllable Range
Vision Positioning        Pitch: - 90° to + 30°
Velocity Range
Altitude Range            < 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
Operating Range           30 cm-300 em
Operating Environment     30 cm-300 em
Camera                    Brightly lit (lux> 15) patterned surfaces
Sensor
Lens                      Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels:12.4 M (total pixels: 12.76 M)
ISO Range                 FOV 94° 20mm(35mm format equivalent) f/2.8
Electronic Shutter Speed  100-3200(video) 100-1600(photo)
Image Max. Size           8s -1/8000s
                          4000 x 3000
Still Photography Modes   Single shot
                          Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
Supported SD Card Types   Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5
                          Bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias
Video Recording Modes     Time-lapse
                          Micro SD
Max. Bitrate Of Video     Max. capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required
Storage                   UHD: 4096x2160p 24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                          FHD: 1920x1080p 24/25/30/48/50/60
Supported File Formats    HD: 1280x720p 24/25/30/48/50/60

Operating Temperature     60 Mbps
Range
                          FAT32/exFAT
                          Photo: JPEG, DNG
                          Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                          © 2015 D,J:. Ai! Rights Fieserved                                  53
       Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       Remote Controller

       Operating Frequency                     2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz

       Transmitting Distance                   2000 m (Outdoor And Unobstructed)

       Video Output Port                       USB

       Operating Temperature Range             0°C- 40°C

       Battery                                 6000 mAh LiPo 2S

       Mobile Device Holder                    Tablets and smartphones

       Transmitter Power(EIRP)                 FCC: 20 dbm; CE:16 dbm

       Working Voltage                         1.2 A @7.4 V

       Charger                                 17.4 v
       Voltage

       Rated Power                             100W

       Intelligent Flight Battery ( PH3-4480 mAh-15.2 V)

       Capacity                                4480 mAh

       Voltage                                 15.2V

       Battery Type                            LiPo 4S

)> Energy                                      68Wh
                                               365 g
""0    Net Weight                              -10°C- 40°C
""0                                            100W

CD

:J     Operating Temperature
       Max. Charging Power
0x.·.

       Aircraft Status Indicator Description

       Normal                                             Turning on and Self-Diagnostics

       :@:-:~:-:Q?:· ...... Red, Green and Yellow Flash

       Alternatively

       :®:-:'®-······Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively Aircraft Warming Up

       -it;!-· ·····Green Flashes Slowly                  Safe to Fly (P-mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)

       -@X2 ······Green Flashes Twice                     Safe toRy (P-mode with Vision Positioning but without GPS)

       :@:······Yellow Flashes Slowly                     Safe to Fly (A-mode but No GPS and Vision Posi-
                                                          tioning)
       Warning
                                                          Remote Controller Signal Lost
       :({i: ...... Fast Yellow Flashing

       :C8> ······Slow Red Flashing                       Low Battery Warning
                                                          Critical Battery Warning
       -:®: ······Fast Red Flashing

       -:®,:-······Red Flashing Alternatively               IMU Error

       -:(8'[-- Solid Red                                 Critical Error

       :®-::Q?: ······Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively Compass Calibration Required

       54 © 20:5 DJI. A:r Rights Reserved.
                                                                  Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Intelligent Orientation Control (IQC) ·

IOC allows users to lock the control orientation of the aircraft in different modes. There are three working
modes for IOC that can be selected in the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works when the aircraft is in F-mode,
therefore the user must toggle the flight mode switch to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:

Course Lock (CL)  The nose direction, at the time that CL is set, will remain the forward direction
                  regardless of how the orientation and position of the aircraft changes. This will
                  remain fixed until you reset it or exit CL mode.

Home Lock (HL)*   Record a Home Point (HP) and enter HL mode. The forward and backward
                  controls will move the aircraft farther from and closer to the established Home
                  Pont, regardless of how the orientation and position of the aircraft changes.

Point of Interest (POl)* Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POl). The aircraft can then circle
                                   around the POl and the nose will always points toward the POl.

:J:.J; *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

IOC Requirements
IOC is only available under the following conditions:

Modes IOC         GPS enabled  GPS counts                      Flight Distance Limits
 Course Lock             No        None                                   None
  Home Lock              Yes
       POl               Yes                             Aircraft ( >10m > Home Point
                                                       Aircraft E5m-5oom > Point of Interest

Using IOC

Toggle the Flight Mode Switch F-mode and follow the instructions prompted on the DJI Pilot app to select
the desired IOC mode.

                                                                  © 2015 DJi. All 'iigl1ts Reserved. 55
Phantom 3 Professional User IV!anual

 FGO Gorflpliahde

FCC Compliance

This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
(2) This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired

     operation.
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the
user's authority to operate the equipment.

Compliance Information

FCC Warning Message

Any changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void
the user's authority to operate the equipment.
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference
received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.

FCC Radiation Exposure Statement:

This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
your body. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or
transmitter.

Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against
harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful
interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in
a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception,
which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct
the interference by one or more of the following measures:
-Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
-Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
-Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
-Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.

IC RSS warning

This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard (s). Operation is subject to the
following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any
interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.
Le present areil est conforme aux CNR d'lndustrie Canada licables aux areils radio exempts de licence.

L'exploitation est autorisee aux deux conditions suivantes:
(1) l'areil ne doit pas produire de brouillage, et
(2) l'utilisateur de l'areil doit accepter tout brouillage radioelectrique subi, meme si le brouillage est

56 <)5) 2015 DJI. All Rights Reservac
                                                                                                            Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

susceptible d'en compromettre le fonctionnement.

IC Radiation Exposure Statement:

This equipment complies with IC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 20cm between the radiator&
your body.
Any Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could
void the user's authority to operate the equipment.

KCC Warning Message

*"-BH'a.!f-~~tll::: -§-§-% ~:rr~~~ 7~~~01 ~o 0 ~ £]~<z]-~.Jll- -E!"i2!t! A1t1IA::: ~ <il~QL-IC~ ."

"-BH'a ¥~~til:::-§-§-% ~:rr~~~ 7~~~o1 ~g"
NCC Warning Message

1E£IJJ¥~i&:f~~i·ti~~g;w¥1J¥i!

nom+=1~~ru.Jt~re,m.g-1§z1E£rJJ¥~i~w~~, ~~=~~q:or, ~q], ~5m§.X;fiem~~/F1~tlil§~~~w¥,

*I.1J¥§.X;~~~~gfz~·ti7.:)z.I}J§go
m+l2B11~1E£IJJ¥~i~W~~Z.1.iffl/F1~~~fiMJt~~:&T-il.g.;t®f§; ~MI5l~T-iii~~B~, ~&~¥:~

T-iiB~1J1~~~~1.iffl o Mr~.g-;!®1§, t~f&~1§i!~~jEf'F*Z.~tv':R ~®f§ o ff£If.J¥~i~W~~~~P.2-~.g.;t
®f§§.X;I*, ll~:&B~m~;&:~~i't1~~~1iZ.T-ilo

                                                                                               57© 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved.
The content is subject to change.                                     · .m~··
Download the latest version from
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3

If you have any questions about this document, please contact OJI by
sending a message to DocSupport@dji.com.

© 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.
PHANTOtv13

( PROFESSIONAL )

User rv1anual ~QJ

2015.04
PHANTOtv13

( PROFESSIONAL )

User Manual lVi.oJ

2015.04
