July 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12230
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1912

Mr. Ian S. Reid
Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc. dba Eagle Eye Gallery
4049 West Hill Road
Homer, AK 99603

Dear Mr. Reid:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc

dba: Eagle Eye Gallery
4049 West Hill Road
Homer, AK 99603
Phone: (907) 235-9457
Mobile: (310)908-1832
E-Mail: ian@eagleeyegallery.com
Web: www.eagleeyegallery.com

May 13, 2015

Docket Operations, M-30
U.S. Department of Transportation,
1200 New Jersey Avenue,
SE Room W12-140,
West Building Ground Floor
Washington, D.C. 20590-0001

Subject: Petition to the FAA for Section 333 Exemption

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Ian S. Reid, Co-owner and President of Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc hereby submits to the Federal Aviation Administration, pursuant to
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, an exemption petition, in accordance with Section 333 of the Act.

Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc Background:
Eagle Eye Aviation has pursued excellence in utilizing various aerial photographic platforms (rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft) to
provide photo and video imagery for a variety of purposes : aesthetic displays, industrial and wild life surveys, descriptive
perspectives for real estate marketing and business promotion, emergency contingency response planning. In the United States our
services have been utilized primarily in Alaska, California, Washington, Hawaii and Florida. Our aviation safety record is without
incident in the safe and legal utilization of aircraft for aerial data collection throughout the past 20 years since our founding in 1996.

Purpose for the Exemption:
Eagle Eye Aviation desires to utilize an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to accomplish aerial data collection to complement our
existing services. In the past, Eagle Eye Aviation has primarily used rotorcraft as an aerial platform but because of the obvious
limitations of safe altitude, noise, and cost, aerial data collection is sometimes difficult if not impossible to obtain. As much of our
aerial data collection is accomplished at low altitudes, the reduced utilization of rotorcraft in favor of the unmanned (non flammable
fuel) aerial system described, while being operated under the guidelines outlined, presents a significant enhancement to public safety
as well as to that of the pilot and photographer.

List of Specific Sections of 14 CFR for which exemption is sought:

14 CFR 21, Subpart H ­Airworthiness Certificates

14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), Certification: Pilots, Flight Instructors, and Ground Instructors

14 CFR 91.7 (a), Airworthiness required for operation

14 CFR 91.103 (b) (2), Preflight action

14 CFR 91.105, Flight crewmembers at stations
                                                                2

14 CFR 91.109, Flight instruction
14 CFR 91.119 (c), Minimum safe altitudes
14 CFR 91.121, Altimeter settings
14 CFR 91.151, Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions
14 CFR 91.405 (a), Maintenance required
14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1), Operation after maintenance
14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2), Inspections
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b), Maintenance records

In accordance with the outline given in the FAA's "Public Guidance for Petitions Filed under Section
333", the following information is provided for each numbered item listed in that guidance:

1. Aircraft Description:

Design and Operational Characteristics:

Eagle Eye Aviation, Inc plans to operate a DJI Inspire 1 comprised of an unmanned aircraft and a transportable ground station.
This aircraft is a quad-copter design with gross weight (battery and propellers included) of 2935g (6.5 lbs)
The DJI Inspire 1 has an integral lightweight camera for capturing aerial still photographs and videos.
It is equipped with four rotors that are driven by battery-powered electric motors.
Maximum airspeed is 43 knots.
DJI Inspire 1 is equipped with a built-in Flight Control System which includes an integral inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter
that measure both attitude and altitude.
Included is a shielded, anti-static compass which reads geomagnetic information and assists in accurately calculating position and
altitude.
The Flight Control System includes a Failsafe Function.
It activates if the Remote Control is powered off, the DJI Inspire 1 has flown outside effective control range, the signal between the
DJI Inspire 1 and the Remote Control is blocked, or if there is interference causing a signal problem.
When activated, the Failsafe Function automatically flies the DJI Inspire 1 back to the Home Point (the start location) and lands it. If
GPS mode is not active, Failsafe will execute a controlled descend and automatic landing.
Through the DJI Inspire 1 Assistant software, each flight operation will be programmed with a maximum radius distance and
maximum altitude from the Home Point such that the flight control system will limit operations to within the confines of the property
to be surveyed by Eagle Eye Aviation for Eagle Eye Aviation's Clients. These performance limitation requirements are included in the
UAS Operating Procedure contained in Appendices A and B.

Manufacturer's Documentation:

Detailed manufacturer's design information and operating limitations (current to this date) are contained the in the following
manuals in the appendices at the end of this document:
· Appendix A DJI-Inspire1-User Manual
· Appendix B Inspire_1_Safety_Guidelines

2. Procedures for Ensuring UAS Is In a Condition Safe for Flight

Preflight Checks: As a minimum, the following items will be checked prior to initiating any operation.
1. Operations must be in daylight hours and under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

2. Area to be surveyed is defined on a plot plan drawing with path of flight and altitudes for each leg of the flight clearly marked.
                                                                                                                                      3

3. Flight path is at least 500 ft. from all non-participating persons, vessels, vehicles and structures unless protective barriers or
structures are present, or permission is granted, or such operations present no hazard to the Pilot in Command, the Visual Observer,
trainees, and other essential persons.

4. Flight plan and schedule has been reviewed with site leadership and communicated to all
Eagle Eye Aviation personnel in the area.

5. Remote control, smart battery, range extender, and smart phone are fully charged.

6. Propellers are mounted correctly.

7. Gimbal clamp has been removed.

8. Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.

9. Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.

10. Camera lens cap has been removed.

11. Micro-SD card has been inserted.

12. Gimbal is functioning as normal.

13. DJI Vision app can connect to the camera.

14. Compass has been calibrated.

15. Flight radius and altitude limits have been set with the DJI Inspire 1 Assistant software, not to exceed 400 ft. AGL altitude, and
radius limited to the property boundaries of Eagle Eye Aviation site.

16. The Visual Observer (VO) is stationed at the required initial observation point according to the flight plan and in view of the Pilot
in Command (PIC) and has means for continual verbal communication.

17. There are no inoperable components.

18. All site required safety permits are approved and in possession of the PIC.

19. A Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) has been requested not more than 72 hours in advance and not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.

20. Motors can start and function as normal.

21. Flight Indicator Lights on the aircraft verify that the Home Point is set to current location.

22. Record the Preflight Check, date and sign, and file it in the Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Record Book.

3. Radio Frequency (RF) Spectrum For Control

The Remote Control ground station operating frequency is 2.4-2.483; 5.725-5.825 GHz and is FCC compliant with communication
distance in an open area of 1.25 miles.
Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER) -93dBm
Transmitter Power FCC Compliance: 100mW
Battery Capacity 4500 mAh, voltage of 22.2 volts.
                                                                                                                                      4

4. Qualifications For The Pilot in Command (PIC)

Certifications: Operations will be conducted by a Pilot in Command (PIC) possessing at least a private pilot certificate and at least a
current third-class medical certificate.
Logged Hours: Prior to operations the PIC will have accumulated and logged a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft
pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multirotor UAS. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights
in dedicated training sessions will be included in the accumulated and logged hours.
Currency: Prior to operations, the PIC will have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot specifically operating
the DJI Inspire 1. The PIC will have accomplished, during dedicated training sessions, 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90
days (for currency purposes).
Emergency and Evasive Maneuvers: The PIC will have demonstrated the ability to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 in a manner
consistent with how it will be operated in surveying Eagle Eye Aviation Client properties, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures. The logged hours reference above will
document this.

5. Medical Standards And Certification Of The PIC

As described above, in "4. Qualifications for the Pilot in Command (PIC)", the PIC will possess at least a current third-class medical
certificate.

6. Description Of Intended UAS Operations

Operations will be restricted to Class G airspace.
No operations will occur within 5 miles of a non-towered airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart, unless a letter agreement with the airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice
to Airman (NOTAM) as required by the Certificate of Waiver or Operation (COA).
The DJI Inspire 1 will be utilized to collect aerial data for real estate marketing, aesthetic displays (Wall Hangings), business and
tourism promotion, industrial and wild life surveys, emergency contingency response planning, soil erosion mitigation, legal
documentation, roof inspections.

7. Proposed Speed, Altitude, Visibility And Distances

Speed: Typically, slower speeds 5-10 knots will be observed as this yields better clarity for video and assessing preferred still photo
vantage points. Between
Altitude: Altitudes below 400 ft. AGL are adequate for the complete range of and structures perspectives to be surveyed. The integral
Flight Control System will be set to limit the altitude to always be below that level.
Distances: The integral Flight Control System will be set to limit the radial distance from the Home Point (point of flight
commencement) such that the DJI Inspire 1 will stay within the boundary of the property lines. The PIC will operate the equipment to
assure those limits are not reached and will maneuver the DJI Inspire 1 to follow the preplanned flight path within the property
boundaries.
The DJI Inspire 1 will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud when visibility is less
than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
Operations will be aborted immediately if the PIC encounters unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
Safe descent and landing procedures will be followed in accordance with operating documents.

8. Description Of The Area Of Intended Operations

Eagle Eye Aviation will begin UAS operations in the same areas that we have been operating in for the past 10-20 years. Most recent
are the Kenai Peninsula, Anchorage and Fairbanks areas of Alaska. As a certificated Commercial Rotorcraft Pilot (# 3264895) who
has flown these areas many times I will comply with all NAS limitations and requirements to operate a UAS around those areas in
accordance with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

9. Proximity Of Airports
                                                                                                                                      5

Operations will be restricted to Class G airspace.
No operations will occur within 5 miles of a non-towered airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart, unless a letter of agreement with the airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) as required by the Certificate of Waiver or Operation (COA).

10. Operation Within Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS)

In addition to the Pilot in Command (PIC), all operations will include a Visual Observer (VO). The VO will assure that DJI Inspire 1
is always within their visual line-of-sight (VLOS), as well as the PIC's, at all times. The VO and the PIC will be able to communicate
verbally at all times.

11. Procedures For Preflight Safety Assessment

Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the DJI Inspire 1, including the ground control station, in accordance with the Preflight
Checklist (see "2. Procedures for Ensuring UAS Is In a Condition Safe for Flight"). If the Preflight Check indicates any unsafe
conditions or a non-functioning safety-critical part, the flight will not commence until the needed maintenance is performed and a
satisfactory Preflight Check can be completed. All maintenance and alterations performed will be documented and filed in the
Equipment Inspection and Maintenance Record Book.

12. Notifications

In accordance with the COA, a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) will be requested not more than 72 hours in advance and not less than 48
hours prior to an operation.
In addition, any notifications required by the FAA Flight Standards District Office will be made.

13. Certificate Of Waiver Or Authorization (COA)
Prior to conducting any operations, an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Operation (COA) will be
obtained for each aircraft. Eagle Eye Aviation UAS services will utilize one rental aircraft N99887 (a DJI Inspire 1) obtained from
Alaska Aerial Media of Anchorage, Alaska, with additional units added or purchased as needs for operations increase over time. Each
DJI Inspire 1 aircraft used by Eagle Eye Aviation will be identified with its serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part
47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as
practicable.

Sincerely,

Mr Ian S. Reid
