June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11739
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0893

Mr. Edward Thomas Zakarian
3169 Santa Margarita Road
West Palm Beach, FL 33411

Dear Mr. Zakarian:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct photography and videography of commercial and residential properties.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Edward Thomas Zakarian is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Edward Thomas Zakarian is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phantom 2 Vision+
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                          Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

To: U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
         West Building Ground Floor, Rm. W12-140
         1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
         Washington, DC 20590

Fr: Edward Thomas Zakarian
         3169 Santa Margarita Road
         West Palm Beach, FL 33411

Date: March 31, 2015

Regarding: FAA Exemption Rulemaking Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act
and Part 11- 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) &
(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) &
(b) 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a) & (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:

I, Edward T Zakarian, a certificated Private Pilot ­ Airplane Single Engine Land;
Instrument Airplane; Rotorcraft-Helicopter1, am requesting exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and pursuant to the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11. so I may
commercially operate a small ultra light unmanned aircraft system ("UAS"), specifically
the Phantom 2 Vision+2, quad-copter Unmanned Aircraft (UAS) or equivalent and
ground station-based equipment and crew for the purpose of photography/videography of
commercial and residential properties.

I have been certificated Private Pilot since November 19, 2011 as well as a UAS hobbyist
for over 10 years, both without incident. I recently established a
photography/videography company called Edouard Zak Photography, Inc., and wish to
add Residential and Commercial photography/videography services to my portfolio.
Specifically, I wish to provide aerial imaging to Homeowners, Real-Estate Agents and
Commercial entities in need of aerial photography/Videography. With the advancement
of Internet technology and consumer adoption of shopping for properties online, the
demand for high-resolution aerial graphics and video is unprecedented. As a Private
Pilot, I understand the seriousness, necessity and importance of pre-flight and in-flight
safety measures to ensure public safety. As a pilot of an UAS, all UAS pertinent safety
and risk management measures as specified in the FAA's Risk Management Handbook
shall be complied with.

A grant of my exemption request, by the FAA, would permit operation of ultra
lightweight and unmanned UAS to operate in predetermined areas away from the general
public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic, primarily over individual

1 Appendix A - Copy of Private Pilot Certificate
2 Appendix B - DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
                                                                              Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

  properties/communities for the purpose of recording real-estate listings (photo/video).
  All flights shall be logged and recorded to minimally include the date and time of flight,
  name of pilot (PIC) and Visual Observer (VO), address or location of flight, duration of
  flight, weather conditions and "flight notes" to include maximum altitude and speed
  along with signatures of the PIC and VO. A copy of the images shall also be retained for
  a minimum of 12 months from the date of flight.

  In summary and in accordance with this request of exemption request as authorized and
  outlined by the FAA under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specified for use of UAS'
  for "Real Estate" purposes, I Edward T Zakarian will adhere to all FAA regulations at all
  times and shall conduct all flight operations in strict compliance and safety protocols as
  mandated and required by regulations and best practices. Respectfully, I request the
  grant of exemption to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for commercial
  purposes as described in this request and as allowable by law. This grant of exemption
  will allow me to offer such services to private entities, realtors and individual
  homeowners who have little to no experience piloting UAS's but have a need to market
  their property in order to compete within an ever demanding technology driven real-
  estate market. I submit that this application has been prepared by myself and not an
  attorney using personal knowledge of existing FARs as well as utilizing excerpts from
  other similar applications. Consequently, if I have unintentionally omitted any relative
  FARs, I humbly request an opportunity to submit to those accidental omissions. The
  essence of this application is to declare that I, Edward Thomas Zakarian, meet and exceed
  the FAA's expected competency for piloting my UAS for commercial purposes and that
  my UAS meets and exceeds the safety requirements as set forth by the Secretary of
  Transportation thereby prompting my request for COA under Section 333.

  I. Contact Information:

           Edward Thomas Zakarian
           3169 Santa Margarita Road
           West Palm Beach, Florida 33411
           (561) 847-0380
           edzak@edzakphoto.com

 II. The Specific section(s) of 14 C.F.R. I seek an exemption from are:

           14 CFR 21;
           14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
           14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
           14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
           14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
           14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
           14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

III. The extent and reason of relief I seek:

         I, Edward Thomas Zakarian, am seeking relief from existing FARs that currently
         prohibit my use of UASs from operating commercially for the purpose of aerial
                                                                              Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

         photography/videography in accordance with the FAA Modernization and Reform
         Act of 2012 112 P.L. 95 § 331-334. The Reform Act Subtitle B: Unmanned
         Aircraft Systems ­ (Sec. 332) "Requires the Secretary to develop a plan to
         accelerate safely the integration by September 30, 2015, of civil unmanned aircraft
         systems (UASes, or drones) into the national airspace system." Accordingly, I
         attest that my personal qualifications as well as my ultra lightweight UAS meets the
         definition of such approved drones (UAS) as defined in Section 331 and allows for
         exemption status consideration. Further, I humbly request that I be allowed to
         commercially operate my UAS during the time period the FAA is further
         establishing rules and regulations governing the operations of such craft.
         The Secretary of Transportation has been asked by Congress to, among other
         things, consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in
         the national airspace system before completion of the rulemaking required under
         Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is
         required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the
         National Airspace System or the public or pose a threat to national security in light
         of the following:

              · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
              · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas;

                  and
              · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot and

                  VO

         Accordingly, all flights will be conducted by a PIC and a VO in accordance with
         FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UASs" and with
         the following restrictions:

               a. All aircraft will be made with a UA Gross weight of less than 55 pounds
                    (my exemption request is for an aircraft less than 5 lbs.)

               b. All flights will occur only during daylight hours.
               c. All flights will occur at or below 200 feet AGL
               d. 5 nautical miles from an airport having an operational control tower; or
               e. 3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but

                    not an operational tower; or
               f. 2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or

                    an operation tower; or
               g. 2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure.

               h. For safety, no flight with winds over 10 mph.

               i. Flight only in GPS mode that allows UAS to hover in place when radio
                    controls are released. All operations to be conducted in GPS mode only.

IV. How my request will benefit the public as a whole:

         Aerial photography is a critical component of marketing commercially available
         property. With today's high-tech Internet market and ever demanding consumer, it
         is more important than ever for realtors and home sellers to have their listing appear
         near or at the top of Internet searches. The Multiple List Service (MLS) typically
                                                                            Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

       lists home searches in hierarchy based on number of "images" or "videos". To grab
       the attention of the buyer, it is important for them to see the entire property and the
       area around it. All of these elements combine to have a tremendous impact on the
       outcome of a commercial real estate transaction. It is much too dangerous and
       expensive to hire a manned aircraft to take these aerial images thereby making the
       UAS option more cost effective and safer. There simply is not enough UAS Pilots
       to cover the demand for these images, which is leading to unlicensed UAS
       operators which ultimately results in untrained and unqualified operators.

V. Reasons why the exemption would not adversely affect safety; or how the
        exemption would provide a level for safety at least equal to the existing rule:

       An exemption would not adversely affect safety because this application applies
       only to aircraft characteristics and applications within FAA specified limitations.
       These limitations provide for at least an equivalent safety standard. However, my
       experience as a certificated instrument rated Private Pilot allows me to utilize my
       experience in UAS operations thereby exceeding safety and improving airspace
       operations by allowing aerial imaging clients to choose an experienced Pilot that
       knows how to pilot an aircraft safely and within regulated limits. In addition, by
       providing unmanned services to the market place, there will be less of a demand for
       manned operations, which will provide for safer and quieter residential aerial
       photography.

       As previously stated, all flights will be conducted by a PIC and a VO in accordance
       with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UASs" and
       with the following restrictions:

              a. All aircraft will be made with a UA Gross weight of less than 55 pounds
                   (my exemption request is for an aircraft less than 5 lbs.)

              b. All flights will occur only during daylight hours.
              c. All flights will occur at or below 200 feet AGL
              d. 5 nautical miles from an airport having an operational control tower; or
              e. 3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but

                   not an operational tower; or
              f. 2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or

                   an operation tower; or
              g. 2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure.

              h. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 15 minutes.
                   Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur
                   prior to the 15 minute limit.

              i. Extensive, pre-flight briefings are required between the PIC and the VO.

              j. A flight plan is required prior to each flight.

              k. All aircraft operations must be conducted within manufacturer
                   recommended specifications.

              l. All site permissions must be obtained prior to flight.
                                                                              Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

VI. A summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Register:

               a. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and
                    The Like.

                    14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
                    requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in
                    relation to FAR §91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational
                    area of my UAS permit exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets
                    (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
                    Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the
                    airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
                    44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation
                    permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
                    requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability
                    and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My current
                    and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.

                    14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
                    airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the
                    form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

                    14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft.
                    As there are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the
                    UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will
                    be achieved by maintaining such manuals on location with the Pilot. The
                    FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption
                    Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A,
                    10602, 10700 and 32827.

                    14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as
                    my UAS utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a barometric
                    sensor.

                    14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft
                    certifications and registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons
                    described above. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
                    maintaining any such required certifications and registrations with the
                    Pilot.

               b. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

                    Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked
                    according to certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned.
                    They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to
                    mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to
                    place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that minimal lettering
                    requirement. Regardless, I will mark its UASs in the largest possible
                    lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as
                    required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting me
                    as a spotter with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has previously
                                                            Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

         issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738,
         10167, 10167A and 10700.

    c. C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to
         non-commercial operations. I, Edward Thomas Zakarian, can achieve an
         equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations because my
         UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, I do possess an FAA
         pilot certificate, which helps my remote control piloting skills and factors
         in my experience in assessing any flight risks. The risks attended to the
         operation of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
         commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing
         me to operate my UAS and meet and exceed current safety levels in
         relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

    d. D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

         14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil
         aircraft. It allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain
         conditions. My UAS will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 ft
         AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. I will also operate my UAS
         in safe areas away from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at
         least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes.
         Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS, an
         equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

    e. E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b):
         Maintenance Inspections.

         The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners
         and operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of
         this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
         paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
         part 43 of this chapter. . . "

         These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
         They will not, therefore, apply to my UAS. However, as a safety
         precaution I inspect my UAS before and after each flight.

A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and
14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §
91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my UAS permit
exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets an equivalent level of safety
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt
aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49
U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation
permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement
in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas
                                                                          Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

         such as airports and dense populations. My UAS meets or exceeds each of the
         elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an
         airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
         contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)
         (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
         passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
         equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has
         previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
         8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves
         regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware.
         Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

In Summary:

I, Edward Thomas Zakarian, respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption
request and further volunteer any information gathered during flights in the event the
FAA is interested in live field data. I do agree and attest to adhere to any further
limitations the FAA imposes, now or in the future. Satisfaction of the current criteria
provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size, weight, speed, operating
capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of
sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the
requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of my UAS for commercial
purposes. I look forward to support the FAA and UAS community in its quest to establish
proper regulations and protocols for the safe introduction of unmanned aircraft into the
national airspace.

Sincerely,

Edward Thomas Zakarian
3169 Santa Margarita Road
West Palm Beach, Florida 33411
                                                           Edward Thomas Zakarian, Private Pilot ­ Section 333 Exemption Petition

Appendix A

Edward Thomas Zakarian
Private Pilot Certificate
