September 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12763
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2585

Ms. Jennifer A. Lee
Seale & Ross
Counsel
200 North Cate Street
Hammond, LA 70401

Dear Ms. Lee:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of ELOS Environmental, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
inspection and data collection, aerial photography, and aerial videography, all in connection
with environmental consulting projects involving environmental and construction monitoring,
mapping, site inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and the DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ELOS Environmental, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ELOS Environmental, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and the DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
T. JAY SEALE, III                  SEALE ROSS                                                          REPLY TO:

KENNETH L. ROSS                A PROFESSIONAL LAW CORPORATION                                 PO BOX 699
RUSSELL W. RUDOLPH                                                                HAMMOND, LA 70404
PATRICK K. RESO1,2            HAMMOND·BATON ROUGE·MADISONVILLE
KEVIN P. LANDRENEAU5                                                                        PHYSICAL ADDRESS:
GLEN R. GALBRAITH                                 www.sealeross.com
STEVEN L. MCKNEELY, LL.M.1,4                                                  200 NORTH CATE STREET
                                                June 3, 2015                     HAMMOND, LA 70401
LESLI S. BOLNER
CARL S. GOODE, LL.M.1,2,4,6                                               TELEPHONE (985) 542.8500
NICOLE ROBERTS DILLON3                                                      FACSIMILE (985) 542.4111

JOHANNA R. LANDRENEAU                                                        BOARD CERTIFIED ESTATE PLANNING
AMY LAWLER GONZALES5                                                           AND ADMINISTRATION SPECIALIST1*

FRANK J. DIVITTORIO                                                     BOARD CERTIFIED TAX LAW SPECIALIST2*
                                                                     BOARD CERTIFIED FAMILY LAW SPECIALIST3*
ELSBET C. SMITH
CELESTE H. SHIELDS                                                                         BY THE LOUISIANA BOARD
                                                                                         OF LEGAL SPECIALIZATION*
GEORGIA K. THOMAS
                                                                                                          IN TAXATION4
JENNIFER A. LEE                                                                                  ADMITTED IN TEXAS5
A. CASEY DESSELLES                                                                           ADMITTED IN MISSOURI6

Via Electronic Submission (regulations.gov)

Mr. Anthony Foxx, Secretary of Transportation
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590

     Re: ELOS Environmental, LLC Petition for Exemption under Section 333 of FAA Mod-
             ernization and Reform Act of 2012 and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regula-
             tions from 14 C.F.R. § 21, Subpart H; 45.21; 45.23(b); 45.25; 45.27; 45.29; 61.113(a)
             and (b); 91.7(a); 91.103; 91.105; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a) and (d);
             91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 417(a) and (b)

Dear Mr. Foxx:

On behalf of ELOS Environmental, LLC (ELOS), and pursuant to Section 333 of the Federal Aviation
Administration Reform and Modernization Act of 2012 (FMRA), I submit this petition seeking ELOS's
exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) described above and more particularly
herein. ELOS requests an exemption to commence commercial operations of small a Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS) in the National Airspace System (NAS) for the purposes of aerial inspection
and data collection, aerial photography, and aerial videography, all in connection with environmen-
tal consulting projects involving environmental and construction monitoring, mapping, site inspec-
tion, and the like.

ELOS's proposed operations of a UAS do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace sys-
tem or the public due the UAS's size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports
and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight (VLOS). Further, the proposed opera-
tions do not pose a threat to national security.

ELOS' petition is similar to Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213 granted by the FAA in
all material respects. In those Grants of Exemption, the FAA found that the enhanced safety
achieved using an UAS with the specifications described by the petitioners where the UAS would be
carrying no passengers or crew (as opposed to a manned aircraft of significantly greater propor-
tions, carrying crew and flammable fuel) gave the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operations
enabled by those exemptions were in the public interest. Similarly, described herein are the public
interests that may be served by granting an exemption to ELOS; ELOS's proposed operations and
the UAS; and precautions ELOS will implement and follow when operating the UAS.

Also, as of March 23, 2015, the FAA automatically grants to a UAS operator with a Section 333 ex-
emption a blanket Certificate of Authorization (COA) for flights at or below 200 feet, provided the
UAS weights less than 55 pounds; operations are conducted during daytime Visual Flight Rules
(VFR) conditions; operations are within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilots; and the UAS remains
specified distances away from airports or heliports. If ELOS is provided with a Section 333 exemp-
tion, it will also comply with these conditions, making a blanket COA applicable.

Finally, in the event the FAA grants ELOS a Section 333 exemption and then changes the applicable
rules regarding UAS operation for commercial purposes to no longer require an UAS operator to
possess at least a private pilot certificate and third-class medical certificate, ELOS requests that it
automatically be deemed to meet the applicable requirements of the FAA regarding UAS opera-
tions for commercial purposes so that no additional license or certificate is necessary.

1. Applicant ELOS Environmental, LLC

The name and address of the applicant is:

          Elos Environmental, LLC
          Attn: Lucas Watkins, President
          43177 East Pleasant Ridge Road
          Hammond, LA 70401
          985.662.5501
          lwatkins@elosenv.com
          www.elosenv.com

ELOS is a wetland services company that provides professional environmental services throughout
the Gulf South, particularly in Louisiana. The company offers environmental consulting, research,
and advisory services to a variety of clients, including individuals, businesses, organizations, public
agencies, and federal, state, and local governments. ELOS provides a range of services, including
endangered species surveys, environmental program development, environmental monitoring, cul-
tural resources management, mitigation consultation, wetland delineations, forest management,
wetland restoration, GIS|GPS mapping services, environmental studies, and environmental compli-
ance. It also works in oil and gas exploration, as well as in production and transmission activities.
ELOS's consulting often involves inspecting, documenting, and/or monitoring:

     - land parcels (forests and timber land), open spaces, wetlands, and coast lines
     - wildlife, including aquatic habitats and endangered species' habitats
     - conditions of various habitats, wildlife, restricted activities, and changes due to natural,

          man-made, and extraordinary events
     - archaeological sites
     - activities of landowners and other surface activities
     - activities of exotic and invasive plant species

                                                          Page 2 of 16
ELOS has been in operations since 2006.1 It is based in Hammond, Louisiana, but works throughout
the state and region. The company's key environmental staff is comprised of 10 professionals, rep-
resenting 50+ years of experience. ELOS works with various regulatory and governing agencies on
a daily basis, including the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Department of Natural Resources, De-
partment of Environmental Quality, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, and the
State Lands Office.

2. Public Interest in Granting Exemption to ELOS

The underlying purpose of all environmental services ELOS provides is protection of the environ-
ment for the benefit of the public. This stewardship of the environment on behalf of those in the
public sector may manifest itself as inspecting and monitoring environmentally critical forests,
streams, rivers, wetlands, coastal resources, wildlife, endangered species, and other natural re-
sources. Especially in Louisiana, monitoring levees, land masses, and coastal lines for the purposes
of preserving life and land is crucial. In the private sector, delineating wetlands for preservation
purposes or monitoring pipelines or construction projects all have protection of the environment as
the primary goal.

In addition to helping protect the environmental for all, authorizing ELOS to perform aerial data
collection, photography, and videography with a UAS will also positively impact the public from a
monetary perspective. For example, some public projects require annual environmental monitoring.
Enabling ELOS to partially complete that work by using an UAS will benefit the public with reduced
costs and potential liability, as well as increased documentation and accuracy.

Also, ELOS's ability to use a UAS for performing aerial data collection, photography, and videogra-
phy in connection with natural disasters is of great importance. In the event of a natural or
manmade disaster, ELOS will be able to quickly assist with disaster assessments for its public or pri-
vate clients. ELOS would also be able to view areas previously inaccessible or difficult to assess by
traditional means.
Equally important is the positive environmental impact ELOS will make while providing its services.
ELOS's ability to use a UAS will reduce direct and indirect environmental impacts from ground-
based vehicular intrusion and noise. Also, the noise and air pollution associated with conventional
manned aircraft would be eliminated. Finally, and most important for the State of Louisiana, use of
a UAS would enable ELOS to monitor changes such as coastal erosion without having any further
environmental impact.

Additionally, use of a UAS instead of a helicopter or airplane has increased safety considerations. A
UAS carries no passengers, pilot, or crew, thereby increasing safety for those individuals. A UAS has
no flammable fuel, increasing safety to the general public.

In summary, the FAA's grant of ELOS's petition would benefit the public as a whole by allowing
work related to the environment to be completed more cost efficiently, more accurately, and with
reduced costs and environmental impacts as compared to more traditional methods of aerial in-
spection and data collection, photography, and videography. There are also safety benefits, in addi-
tion to educational data and research opportunities ELOS may provide.

1 ELOS Environmental, LLC formerly operated as Krebs LaSalle Environmental LLC, which commenced opera-
tions in 2006. The company changed its name to ELOS Environmental, LLC in 2011.

                                                          Page 3 of 16
3. ELOS's Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety

     A. Proposed UAS ­ DJI Phantom

          ELOS proposes operating a small and unmanned quadcopter, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
          and the DJI Phantom 3 (an upgraded version) to conduct aerial site inspections, data col-
          lection, photography, and videography in connection with its various environmental con-
          sulting projects. ELOS requests exemptions for use of both versions of the DJI Phantom (DJI
          Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3 (an upgraded version once it becomes available)).
          Following are specifications for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+:

          i. Flight Time

                The Phantom's maximum flight time is 25 minutes.

          ii. Weight

                The Phantom weighs 2.74 pounds.

          iii. Compass

                The Phantom features a compass which reads geomagnetic information and assists the
                global positioning system (GPS) in accurately calculating the UAS's position and alti-
                tude. Importantly, it and other features help ensure the operator and UAS comply with
                all flight restrictions so as to "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace sys-
                tem or the public or pose a threat to national security" as described by Section
                333(b)(1) of the FMRA.

          iv. Flight Radar

                The Phantom is equipped with flight radar that displays the current position of the
                Phantom in relation to the operator. Exceeding the control range of the remote con-
                troller triggers the Phantom to automatically fly back to the original takeoff point and
                land safely.

          v. Flight Control System

                The Phantom is equipped with a built-in Flight Control System and the shielded, anti-
                static compass described above. The Flight Control System features a failsafe function
                that automatically activates under certain circumstances, such as if the remote control-
                ler is powered off, if the UAS has flown outside effective control range, if the signal be-
                tween the UAS and the remote controller is blocked, or if there is a signal problem
                caused by interference. If activated, the failsafe function returns the Phantom back to
                its home point or start location and lands. Even if the GPS mode is not active, the fail-
                safe function will execute a controlled descend and automatic landing.

                                                          Page 4 of 16
vi. No Fly Zone

     The Phantom's software includes pre-programmed "no fly zones" to increase flight
     safety and prevent accidental flights into restricted area, which assesses the database
     of NAS. Restricted areas include airports throughout the world. A "warning zone" has
     been set around the safety zone, and a warning message appears in the application if
     the operator flies within 320 feet of the safety zone.

vii. Other Flight Limitations

     The Phantom's software prevents the UAS from flying into restricted areas such as
     airports. The restricted areas include Class A safety zones (major international airports)
     where there is a no-fly zone and restricted-altitude zones and Class B safety zones
     (smaller airports), which includes no-fly and warning zones.

     If the Phantom is within 1.5 miles of Class A safety zone, takeoff is prevented, and the
     operator cannot initiate flight. Between 1.5 and 8 miles around an airport, the Phantom
     may fly may at a maximum altitude of 35 feet, which increases so that the Phantom can
     fly up to 400 feet if it is five miles from an airport.

     In the event the Phantom accidentally flies within the safety zone, the Phantom will
     automatically descend to the restricted height. If there is a loss of GPS signal, the Phan-
     tom will land immediately once the signal returns. The operator can still control the
     UAS; however, he cannot make it ascend in altitude.

viii. Mobile Vision

     The Phantom operator may track the UAS's flight through the DJI Vision app installed
     on his mobile device. Use of this application allows the operator to see what the Phan-
     tom sees through a mobile device such as an iPhone.

ix. Manufacturer Updates

     DJI, the manufacturer, regularly updates its website and the DJI Vision application with
     fixes, upgrades, etc. The Phantom and associated mobile app can connect to receive
     manufacturer firmware and application updates, news, alerts, and support.

x. UAS / Manufacturer Documents and Manuals

     The DJI Phantom 2 Vision User Manual, Quick Start Guide, and Pilot Training Guide are
     all available online for download at www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision/download.

     The DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manual and Quick Start Guide are available online
     for download at www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download.

                                               Page 5 of 16
B. DJI Phantom Factory Specifications

Aircraft

Supported Battery                      DJI 5200mAh LiPo Battery

Weight (Battery and Propellers)        2.74 pounds

Hover Accuracy (Ready To Fly)          Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m

Max Yaw Angular Velocity               200°/s

Max Tiltable Angle                     35°

Max Ascent/Descent Speed               Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s

Max Flight Speed                       15m/s

Diagonal Motor-Motor Distance          350mm

Gimbal

Working Current                        Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA

Control Accuracy                       ±0.03°

Controllable Range                     Pitch : -90°0°

Maximum Angular Speed                  Pitch : 90°/s

Camera                                 0-40
  Operating Environment Temperature

Sensor Size                            1/2.3"

Effective Pixels                       14 megapixels

Resolution                             4384×3288

HD Recording                           1080p30 & 720p

Recording FOV                          110° / 85°

Remote Control

Operating Frequency                    5.728 GHz5.85 GHz

Communication Distance                 CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance:

(Open Area)                            800m

Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)           -93dBm

Transmitter Power                      CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance:
                                       100mW

Working Voltage                        120 mA@3.7V

Built-In LiPo Battery Working          3.7V, 2000mAh
Current/Capacity

Range Extender

Operating Frequency                    2412-2462MHz

Communication Distance                 500-700m
(Open Area)

Transmitter Power                      20dBm

Power Consumption                      2W

DJI Vision App

Mobile Device System Requirement       iOS version 6.1 or above; Android sys-
                                       tem version 4.0 or above

                                        iOS recommended: iPhone 4s, 5, 5s, 6,

                                       6Plus, iPod touch 5 (available but not

Mobile Device Support                  recommended: iPad 3, 4, mini)
                                       Android recommended: Samsung Galaxy

                                       S3, S4, Note 2, Note 3, or phones of sim-

                                       ilar configuration

                                  Page 6 of 16
C. Procedures for Ensuring UAS's Condition is Safe for Flight

     ELOS is committed to ensuring its operation of the Phantom and unmanned flights do not
     create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public, or pose a threat to
     national security. As such, ELOS will operate the Phantom only under the following condi-
     tions:

          Flight operations will be conducted only in daylight hours and under visual meteoro-
          logical conditions (VMC);
          The wind speed is not greater than 15 knots, which information is obtained from the
          nearest NOAA reporting station;
          The area to be inspected, monitored, or otherwise viewed is clearly defined on a plot
          plan drawing or map, with the path of flight and altitudes pre-determined;
          The flight path is at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons, vessels, vehicles,
          and/or structures unless consent is granted or protective barriers/structures are in
          place;
          Flight operations present no hazard to the Pilot in Command (PIC), Visual Observer
          (VO), trainees, or any other persons;
          Flight plan and schedule have been reviewed with and approved by ELOS leadership;
          and
          Flight plan is communicated to all ELOS and client personnel in the area.

     In addition, ELOS has implemented procedures to make sure the Phantom is in a condition
     that is safe for every flight. Before initiating each flight, the UAS operator/PIC will check the
     following items:

          Phantom remote controller, smart battery, and range extender plus mobile device are
          fully charged;
          Propellers are mounted correctly;
          Gimbal clamp has been removed;
          Damping absorbers are in good condition and not broken or worn;
          Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly;
          Camera lens cap has been removed;
          Micro-SD card has been inserted;
          Gimbal is functioning as normal;
          DJI Vision app on the mobile device can connect to the camera;
          Compass has been calibrated;
          Flight radius and altitude limits (400 feet) have been reviewed with and approved by
          ELOS leadership;
          Flight radius is limited to the property boundaries of ELOS's client (or ELOS has other-
          wise obtained consent from property owner);
          VO is stationed at the required initial observation point according to the flight plan and
          in view of the PIC;
          VO has means for continual verbal communication with PIC;
          There are no inoperable components of UAS;
          All required site safety permits are approved and in possession of the PIC;
          Motors can start and function as normal; and
          Flight Indicator Lights on the UAS verify that the home point is set to current location.

                                                    Page 7 of 16
The above items are to be verified on ELOS's Pre-Flight Checklist, which is attached hereto
as Exhibit A. After checking these items, the PIC must sign and date the Pre-Flight Checklist
and file it in the UAS Inspection and Maintenance Record Book.

D. Radio Frequency (RF) Spectrum

The Phantom's remote controller ground station (which is used for control of the UAS) has
an operating frequency of 5.278 ­ 5.85 GHz. It is Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) compliant with a communication distance in an open area of 800 m (875 yards). Fol-
lowing are other specifications:

Operating Frequency                                  5.728 GHz5.85 GHz
Communication Distance (open area)                   FCC Compliance: 800m
Receiver Sensitivity                                 (1%PER) -93dBm
Transmitter Power                                    FCC Compliance: 100mW
Working Voltage                                      120 mA@3.7V
Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity       3.7V, 2000mAh

E. Qualifications for Pilot in Command (PIC)

ELOS will ensure the PIC directly responsible for the operation of the Phantom on behalf of
ELOS is properly certified and experienced. First, any PIC retained by ELOS to operate a UAS
will possess at least a private pilot certificate and current third-class medical certificate. The
PIC will also be required to have accumulated and logged at least 25 hours of total time as
a UAS rotorcraft pilot, including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor
UAS.

Before operating the Phantom, the PIC will also have accumulated and logged a minimum
of five hours as UAS pilot, specifically operating the Phantom 2 Vision+, including accom-
plishing at least three take-offs and landings during dedicated training sessions in the pre-
ceding 90 days.

Finally, the PIC will have demonstrated the ability to safely operate the Phantom in a man-
ner consistent with how it will be operated on ELOS's behalf. This will include completing
evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles, and structures.

F. Medical Standards for the Pilot in Command (PIC)

The PIC will possess at least a current third-class medical certificate.

G. Proposed Operation of the UAS

i. Intended UAS Operations

ELOS will use the Phantom for the purposes of aerial inspection, documentation, data
collection, and monitoring, photography, and videography, all in connection with envi-
ronmental consulting, research, advisory, and business services it provides. ELOS's cli-
ents include individuals, businesses, organizations, public agencies, and federal, state,

                                         Page 8 of 16
     and local governments; thus, the different types of services it provides to different
     types of clients vary widely. For example, it works with public agencies and govern-
     ments to perform work inspecting, documenting, and/or monitoring plants, animals,
     and land formations (as further discussed in Section 1). ELOS has also been retained to
     provide environmental and construction monitoring, mapping, and site inspection.

     However diverse the specific projects may be, ELOS's use of a UAS allows it to provide
     accurate information to clients more efficiently, more often, and at less expense. In the
     case where a public agency or government is ELOS's client, this ultimately translates in-
     to a reduction of taxpayer money required for the project. In addition, safety is im-
     proved and the risk to people and property is reduced when compared to more tradi-
     tional means of obtaining the same information. Importantly, the environmental impact
     of using a battery operated UAS instead of a helicopter is greatly reduced. In situations
     of wildlife monitoring, a small, relatively quiet UAS is less bothersome than a traditional
     aircraft.

     As ELOS's services relate to environmental work, Phantom operations will likely be con-
     ducted above non-populated areas. Clients retain ELOS to provide data collection,
     monitoring services, etc. of plants, animals, and the land, so there is little risk that peo-
     ple will be affected by ELOS's operations of a UAS, which will not be conducted in ur-
     ban areas.

     ELOS's clients do not include airports, so no operations will occur within five miles of
     the geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on current FAA-published
     aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is ob-
     tained and the operation is conducted in accordance with Notice to Airmen as required
     by the Applicant's COA.

ii. Intended Area of UAS Operations

     As described above, ELOS will use the Phantom for the purposes of the various envi-
     ronmental services rendered to its clients. The UAS will be operated on ELOS's clients'
     private land, unless its client is a public agency or federal, state, or local government
     that request such services on public land. Before commencement of any flight, ELOS's
     client will be informed of the operation.

     ELOS's operations will be restricted to Class G airspace. The Phantom will not be oper-
     ated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

iii. Proposed Speed, Altitude and Visibility

     While the Phantom is capable of attaining a maximum speed of almost 30 knots (15
     m/s), ELOS does not intend to operate the UAS at that speed. ELOS will use the Phan-
     tom for aerial inspection, documentation, data collection, monitoring, photography,
     and videography. These purposes can best be achieved by operating the Phantom at a
     much slower speed, around 4 knots or less (2 m/s), to capture the best quality photo-
     graphs and video or make proper observations. Also, the Phantom's flight time will be
     maximized by operating at a slower speed. When traveling to a specified section (and

                                               Page 9 of 16
     over that of which there is no interest), the Phantom may be operated at a faster
     speed, but the UAS will not be flown at a speed exceeding a ground speed of 30 knots.

     The purposes for ELOS's operation of a UAS (i.e., aerial photography and videography,
     inspection, monitoring, etc.) require the aircraft to be closer rather than farther away
     from the ground to obtain good quality images and information. Therefore, the alti-
     tude at which all of the ELOS's operations of the Phantom will be conducted will be be-
     low 400 feet. Additionally, the Phantom's Flight Control System ensures the UAS always
     operates below that level.

     ELOS will not operate the Phantom less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet hor-
     izontally from a cloud when visibility is less than three miles from the PIC. If the PIC en-
     counters unpredicted obstacles or emergencies, including obscured visibility, opera-
     tions will be aborted immediately.

iv. Operation within VLOS

     The Phantom will be operated within the visual line of sight of the PIC at all times. This
     requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than cor-
     rective lenses. All operations will use a visual observer (VO), and the VO may be used to
     satisfy the visual line of sight requirement as long as the VO always maintains VLOS
     capability and the VO and PIC are able to communicate verbally at all times.

v. Preflight Inspection

     Prior to each flight, and as further described above in Section 3(C), the PIC will inspect
     the Phantom to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a con-
     dition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the flight will not commence until the
     necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is re-inspected and found to
     be in a condition for safe flight. All maintenance and alterations will be properly docu-
     mented and filed in the UAS Inspection and Maintenance Record Book. See also Exhibit
     A, ELOS's "Pre-Flight Checklist".

     If the Phantom has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect UAS operations
     or flight characteristics, it must undergo a flight functional test. The PIC who conducts
     the flight functional test will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight.

vi. Operating and Flight Precautions

     The Phantom will not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and con-
     senting personnel, or below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the
     surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

     If the Phantom loses communications or its GPS signal, the UAS will return home to the
     original takeoff point. The Phantom's flight will be aborted in the event of unpredicted
     obstacles or emergencies. Each Phantom flight will be completed within 25 minutes
     flight time or with 25% battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

                                              Page 10 of 16
vii. Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA)

Prior to conducting any operations, ELOS will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO)
issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) for the Phantom. The Phantom air-
craft will be identified with its serial number, registered and marked in accordance with
applicable regulations, with such marking to be as large as practicable.

viii. Flight User Manual

DJI's Flight User Manual for the Phantom will be available to the PIC at the ground con-
trol station any time the UAS is operating.

ix. Right of Way

The Phantom will remain clear of and yield the right of way to all manned aircraft oper-
ations at all times.

x. Accident Reports

Any incident, action, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical bounda-
ries of the operational area described in the applicable COA will be reported to the
FAA's Integration Office within 24 hours. Accidents will be reported to the National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Further flight operations will not be conducted un-
til the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by the AFS-80 and authorization
to resume is provided.

4. Relief Requested by ELOS

A. In General

The FAA is expected to release rules applicable to the operation of UASs for commercial
purposes next year. Until such time, it is appropriate for the FAA to allow certain commer-
cial operations of small UASs through the exemption process as Congress has directed the
FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the nation-
al airspace system."2 ELOS's proposed operations and restricted use of the Phantom; the
UAS's size and built-in safety features; and the areas of operation in no way pose threats to
the NAS or public, or create a national security issue.

B. Specific Sections of Federal Aviation Regulations

ELOS requests exemptions from the following specific regulations:

14 CFR § 21, Subpart H
14 CFR § 45.21
14 CFR § 45.23(b)
14 CFR §45.25
14 CFR § 45.27

2 FMRA§ 332(a)(1)

                             Page 11 of 16
14 CFR § 45.29
14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b)
14 CFR § 91.7(a)
14 CFR § 91.103
14 CFR § 91.105
14 CFR § 91.119
14 CFR § 91.121
14 CFR § 91.151(a)
14 CFR § 91.405(a) and (d)
14 CFR § 91.407(a)(1)
14 CFR § 91.409(a)(2)
14 CFR § 417(a) and (b)

i. 14 CFR 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificate

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 21, Subpart H, which establishes the proce-
     dures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. ELOS requests an exemption be-
     cause the Phantom meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the
     FMRA due to its small size, light weight, and remote, rural operating environment.

ii. 14 CFR 45.21: General

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.21, which provides that except as provid-
     ed in §45.22, no person may operate a U.S. registered aircraft unless that aircraft dis-
     plays nationality and registration marks in accordance with the requirements of this
     section and §§45.23 through 45.33. Currently there are no procedures for obtaining a
     registration mark for the UAS by the FAA, but ELOS is agreeable to having a registra-
     tion number assigned and to displaying it where practicable relative to §§45.23, 45.27,
     and 45.29.

iii. 14 CRF 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.23(b), which requires that "...the operator
     must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot sta-
     tion, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words `limited,'
     `restricted,' `light-sport,' `experimental,' or `provisional,' as applicable."

     ELOS requests an exemption from this requirement since the Phantom does not have a
     cabin, cockpit, or pilot station entrance on or near which the required marks can be
     displayed. Also, two to six-inch lettering is not practical due the small size of the UAS.
     ELOS will place the word "Experimental" on the UAS in compliance with §45.29(f) and in
     the largest practicable manner, which will provide an equivalent level of safety.

iv. 14 CFR 45.25: Location of Marks on Fixed-Wing Aircraft

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.25, which describes marking requirements
     on fixed wing aircraft. The Phantom is a multirotor quadcopter and not a fixed-wing
     aircraft. Thus, 14 CFR 45.25 is not applicable.

                                              Page 12 of 16
v. 14 CRF 45.27: Location of Marks on Nonfixed-Wing Aircraft

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.27, which provides that each operator of a
     rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fu-
     selage, boom, or tail the marks required by §45.23. The Phantom is small and does not
     have cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail to display the marks required by §45.23. As such, the
     marking requirements of this section are not feasible, though the UAS will display the
     required marking in the largest practicable manner in conspicuous locations.

vi. 14 CFR 45.29: Size of Marks

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 45.29, which provides that the registration
     marks for rotorcraft must be at least 12 inches high. Due to its small size, the Phantom
     does not have a surface area large enough to display marks at least 12 inches high. The
     UAS will display the required marking in the largest practicable manner in conspicuous
     locations.

vii. 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; PIC

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b), which restricts private pi-
     lots from flying aircraft for compensation or acting as PIC unless the flight is only inci-
     dental to that business or employment. Currently there are no standards for private or
     commercial UAS operations, and ELOS proposes using private pilots with a third class
     medical in support of its own operations. Because of the Phantom's size, weight, speed,
     and limited area where it would be operated by ELOS, a PIC with a private pilot's li-
     cense and the above described training and logged hours would ensure public safety
     and prevent any hazards to the NAS.

viii. 14 CFR 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.7(a), which provides that no person may
     operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. If an exemption from 14 CFR
     21, Subpart H is granted, no airworthiness certificate will be required. Thus, this re-
     quirement may be inapplicable, assuming that airworthy condition means having an
     airworthiness certificate. ELOS will, however, ensure that maintenance requirements are
     met, all preflight checks are completed, and an equivalent level of safety will be provid-
     ed.

ix. 14 CFR 91.103: Preflight Action

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.103, which requires the PIC to perform
     certain preflight inspections before flight. The PIC will take actions before initiation of
     any flight to ensure the safety of the same, including performing the Phantom preflight
     check and reviewing weather reports, forecasts, flight battery requirements, takeoff and
     landing distances, and aircraft performance data.

                                              Page 13 of 16
x. 14 CFR 91.105: Flight Crewmembers at Stations

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.105 as this section is not applicable due
     to the Phantom carrying no flight crewmembers.

xi. 14 CFR 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.119(c), which prohibits operating an air-
     craft at an altitude of less than 500 feet except over open water or sparely populated
     areas, and in those cases, no closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
     structure. ELOS's petition requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 feet
     above the surface. Because of the remote location of the UAS's operation and its size,
     weight, and limited speed, and the consent of the property owner, the equivalent level
     of safety will be achieved. There will be no increased hazard to the public or users of
     the NAS.

xii. 14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.121, which requires an aircraft to be oper-
     ated by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or
     an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. The Phantom will not have
     a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out. Therefore, an exemption is
     requested. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator confirming
     the altitude of the launch site as shown on the GPS prior to takeoff. The operator will
     also monitor the UAS and control its maximum height.

xiii.14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a), which prohibits a person from be-
     ginning a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to
     the first point of intended landing and then, during the day, for at least 30 minutes.

     ELOS will operate the Phantom with an equivalent level of safety by terminating the
     flight after 25 minutes or at a 25% battery power level (whichever occurs first). The UAS
     also features an aircraft battery monitoring system, and it will alert the operator of low
     battery voltage and return the aircraft to its take off location before battery capacity is
     depleted. ELOS will not operate the Phantom at night.

xiv. 14 CFR 91.405(a) and (d); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and
      91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance Inspections

     ELOS requests an exemption from 14 CFR 91.405 (a) and (d); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2);
     and 91.417(a) and (b), which specify maintenance and inspection standards. These sec-
     tions and Part 43 only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, so they are in-
     applicable to ELOS.

      Instead, ELOS will perform maintenance in accordance with DJI's Phantom User Man-
      ual and Phantom Pilot Training Guide, keeping a log of any maintenance performed. It
      will also inspect the UAS and ensure it is in a condition safe for flight before initiating

                                              Page 14 of 16
                 any flight. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the Phantom is small
                 in size and operates in a limited area for limited periods of time.
5. Summary for the Federal Register
     The following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register, should it be deter-
     mined that publication is needed:
     Petitioner requests exemptions from the following rules:
          14 C.F.R. § 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R. § 45.21; 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §45.25;
          14 C.F.R. § 45.27; 14 C.F.R. § 45.29; 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. §
          91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103; 14 C.F.R. § 91.105; 14 C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. §
          91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) and (d); 14 C.F.R. §
          91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2); and 14 C.F.R. § 417(a) and (b)
     Petitioner seeks an exemption for the purposes of aerial inspection and data collection, pho-
     tography, and videography, all in connection with environmental consulting services.
6. Conclusion
     ELOS Environmental, LLC's Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria set forth in the FMRA,
     and ELOS's proposed operations would benefit the public and pose no threat to national secu-
     rity. The proposed operations described in this Petition for Exemption are similar to those in
     previously issued grants of exemptions, and the FAA should grant the requested exemptions al-
     lowing ELOS to operate a UAS to perform aerial inspection and data collection, photography,
     and videography in connection with it environmental consulting services. Thank you in advance
     for your consideration.

                                                                            Respectfully submitted,

                                                                            Jennifer Lee
                                                                            Counsel for ELOS Environmental, LLC

                                                         Page 15 of 16
                                                Exhibit A

                               UAS Pre-Flight Checklist

                                                                  _________________________________________
                                                                                                             Client

                                                                  _________________________________________
                                                                                                     Flight Area

The PIC must verify the following before each flight:

 Flight operations will be conducted in daylight hours and under visual meteorological conditions (VMC)
 The area to be inspected, monitored, or otherwise viewed is clearly defined on a plot plan drawing or map, with

     the path of flight and altitudes pre-determined
 The flight path is at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons, vessels, vehicles, and/or structures unless

     consent is granted or protective barriers/structures are in place
 Flight operations present no hazard to the PIC, VO (visual observer), or any other persons
 Flight plan and schedule have been reviewed with and approved by ELOS leadership
 Flight plan is communicated to all ELOS and client personnel in the area

The PIC must also check the following before initiating flight:

 Phantom remote controller, smart battery, and range extender are fully charged
 Mobile device/smart phone is fully charged
 Propellers are mounted correctly
 Gimbal clamp has been removed
 Damping absorbers are in good condition and not broken or worn
 Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly
 Camera lens cap has been removed
 Micro-SD card has been inserted
 Gimbal is functioning as normal
 DJI Vision app on the mobile device can connect to the camera
 Compass has been calibrated
 Flight radius and altitude limits (400 feet) have been reviewed with and approved by ELOS leadership
 Flight radius is limited to the property boundaries of ELOS's client (or ELOS has otherwise obtained consent

     from property owner)
 VO is stationed at the required initial observation point according to the flight plan and in view of the PIC
 VO has means for continual verbal communication with PIC
 There are no inoperable components of UAS
 All required site safety permits are approved and in possession of the PIC
 Motors can start and function as normal
 Flight Indicator Lights on the UAS verify that the home point is set to current location

All of above items have been checked and verified by the PIC:

Pilot In Command (Print Name)                          Signature  Date
