May 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11632
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0574

Mr. Dan H. Metcalf
Engineering Resources LLC
415 N. Center Street, Suite 4
Longview, TX 75601

Dear Mr. Metcalf:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Engineering Resources LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision aerial surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the SenseFly eBee and Sensefly eBee RTK.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Engineering Resources LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Engineering Resources LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the SenseFly eBee and
    Sensefly eBee RTK when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
                                                                                                            4

    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
                                                                                                            5

    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
                                                                                                               6

       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
                                                                                                                 7

         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
  Ag~ir~+eedn,+~r                         415 N Center St., Longview, TX 75601
          ources                    Office (903) 234-4570 Fax (903) 234-4582

                               LLC                           Web: www.engr-res.com
Civrl · Minrng · Environmental                             Email: info@engr-res.com

March 5, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re:Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
          Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act")
and 14 CFR Part 11, Engineering Resources LLC ("ER"), an engineering consulting firm, seeks
an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and discussed in
Appendix A. Attached as Appendix B is a summary of this request.

The requested exemption would permit commercial operation of both the eBee and eBee RTK
(hereinafter jointly referred to as "eBee"), fixed wing UASs, manufactured by SenseFly Ltd (A
Parrot Company, Route de Geneve 38, 1033 Cheseaux-Lausanne, Switzerland). The SenseFly
eBee, which has a nominal take-off weight less than 2.0 Ibs., will perform precision aerial surveys
that consist of still photographs taken by onboard cameras. The eBee takes a series of high
quality, still digital images that are used to produce precision digital point clouds, triangulated
models, and contour maps of the surveyed area.

Mapping applications with the eBee may include agricultural applications, mining, construction
and survey/GIS operations. The reason why the eBee solution has been very successful
worldwide (thousands of operations in more than 50 countries) is that there are many operational
benefits related to the use of this solution:

     · The eBee brings safety to daily survey operations: there is no need for the humans to
          access dangerous working areas anymore (mines, quarries, or polluted sites). The
          missions can be programmed and reproduced reliably as often as needed for regularly
          updated maps.

     · The eBee is a cost-effective solution. It is cheaper to operate a UAS rather than an aircraft
          or other ground systems for the same results. Moreover, small UAS like the eBee can help
          Ag businesses and farmers face the growing needs of the population while reducing
          operational costs. The eBee also enables the ability to take up new challenges -like water
          or environmental management through analysis of vegetation index maps.

     · Users can save time and work more efficiently by using the eBee. A mission does not
          need a long preparation time or long deployment constraints, or long waiting time for
U. S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 2

          perfect weather conditions unlike, for example, the use of satellites. Initial results are
          accessible directly on-site, which is impossible with images provided by satellites or
          manned aircrafts.

     · The eBee has social benefits too: it is eco-friendly (electric-powered), and its affordability
          allows many high-valued applications like data gathering for sustainability projects
          (agribusiness, reforestation) or post-disaster management missions.

     · Use of the eBee for aerial surveys reduces the need to operate conventional aircraft for
          the same purpose and provides very high quality imagery at a fraction of the cost of
          surveys using conventional aircraft. These savings result in enhanced efficiency and
          productivity for the affected activities, as well as environmental benefits.

Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to
ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned
aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize commercial operations
of aerial surveys using the eBee, which at less than 2.0 Ibs. is small in size. The eBee has
completed an airworthiness assessment, at the New Mexico State University Physical Science
Laboratory's Unmanned Aircraft Systems Flight Test Center. The eBee will be operated under
controlled conditions at low altitude in airspace that is limited in scope, as described more fully
herein; it will have automated control features, as described below. The eBee also will be operated
by an individual who holds a private pilot certificate and completed the manufacturer's training
program for the UAS. Finally, the airspace in which the UAS will operate will be disclosed to the
FAA in advance.

Engineering Resources respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aerial vehicle -
the eBee - will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed
wing and rotary conventional aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that the operations will
achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this exemption would
thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

The name and address of the applicant are:

        Engineering Resources LLC
       Attn: Dan H. Metcalf, P.E.
        Ph: 903-234-4570
        Fax: 903-234-4582
        Email: dmetcalf@engr-res.com
       Address: 415 N. Center Street, Suite 4

                    Longview, Texas 75601
U. S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 3

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

          14 CFR Part 21;
          14 CFR 45.23(b);
          14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b);
          14 CFR 61.133(a);
          14 CFR 91.7(a) & (b);
          14 CFR 91.9(b)(2);
          14 CFR 91.109(a);
          14 CFR 91.119;
          14 CFR 91.151(a);
          14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b);
          14 CFR 91.319(a)(1)
          14 CFR 91.405(a);
          14 CFR 91.407(a)(1);
          14 CFR 91.409(a)(2);
          14 CFR 91.417(a).

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in
the public interest.

THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Engineering Resources submits that grant of this exemption application for use of the eBee in
precision aerial surveys will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform
Act to accelerate the introduction of UASs into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it can be
accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section
332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which
types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

         Very light weight
              o The eBee is so light (less than 2 Ibs) that the operator can launch it by hand and
                   let it land on almost any surface without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly
                   land). Its low kinetic energy (60 Joules ("J") at cruise speed) also significantly
                   reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally, the wings of the eBee are
                   detachable and made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and almost no
                   internal strengthening structure.

     · Electric-powered
              o The eBee is electric-powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and
                   reliable. The propeller is attached with two rubber bands to the body of the plane
                   so that it can easily flex away in case of contact with any object.

          Semi-automatic flight
              o The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system
                   continuously analyzes data from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the
U. S, Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 4

                     onboard GPS and takes care of all the aspects of the flight, even in the absence
                     of radio connection with the laptop. Take-off and landing phases are also fully
                     controlled by the autopilot.

          Option for Manual control
                o Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to
                    take manual actions during the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume
                    the mission) and also suspend automated operations and take manual control of
                    the aircraft should it become necessary to respond to emergency circumstances,
                    thanks to the remote controller provided with the system.

     · No operation of the UAS in within 5 nautical miles of the geographical center of an airport,
          without a letter of agreement with the airport's management;

     · No operation of the UAS over congested or densely populated areas; and

     · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act §333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish reguirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).'

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

          The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
          under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
          Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with transitioning to UASs
for aerial survey photography. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant
the requested exemption without delay.

I Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applications
for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein
require modification in order to allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of the UAS. ER
welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any issues or concerns that this
proposal may raise that they believe may require modification.
U. S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 5

Airworthiness of the eBee

SenseFly has demonstrated their respective airworthiness through many and varied national and
international projects, involving state/federal agencies or universities (among others the New
Mexico State University: http://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-uas-flight-test-
center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment, and the US Army Corps of Engineers
("USACE") New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to obtain all
authorizations required in order to operate the eBee (UAS). Moreover, SenseFly has obtained
flight approvals for the eBee from the national civil aviation authority in many countries, including:

Switzerland (flight approval for Visual Line of Sight "VLOS" operations)
Canada (flight approval for VLOS operations)
Australia (flight approval for VLOS operations)
France (flight approval for Extended-VLOS operations)
Germany (flight approval for VLOS operations)
United Kingdom (flight approval for VLOS operations)
Norway (flight approval for VLOS operations)
Sweden (flight approval for VLOS operations)
Denmark (flight approval for VLOS operations)

Mandatory Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to Engineering Resources will be subject to the following mandatory
conditions, which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public
entities pursuant to Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions:

     · AII operations to occur in Class G airspace.
     · Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow on VFR

          charts.
     · Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property.
     · Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
     · Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
     · Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of the PIC.
     · Operations to occur during daylight hours.
     · Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 500 feet.
     · No operation will be conducted within 5 NM of an airport, without authorization.
     · Operation will be in accordance with the NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
     · AII required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city

          jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
          agencies.

Operator Requirements

Engineering Resources respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into
account the characteristics of the particular UAS. Certain UASs, such as the SenseFly eBee, are
characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical
capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth above.
U. S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 6

The eBee is an ultra-light UAV platform made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edge
characterized by a high level of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities
(programming of a geo-fence, automatic wind detection) that prevent the operator doing a mission
outside of the operating limits. AII flights are pre-programmed with GPS guidance and do not
require human intervention; nevertheless human override is possible by clicking on one of the
multiple "action" buttons or by using the remote controller provided with each eBee system. In the
case of unplanned events, either the autopilot reacts immediately or the operator can choose
between different pre-programmed or manual actions. Those procedures include a Flight
Termination System (emergency landing procedure, triggered by the autopilot or the operator in
charge: given its very light weight, the eBee will initiate a gliding approach to the ground at very
low speed around the current location). Moreover, the kinetic energy of the aircraft is 60 J in-flight
at cruise speed. In comparison, the kinetic energy of a football is about 110 J when thrown by
hand.

Given those safety features, recognized by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the national
aviation authority of several countries, Engineering Resources requests an exemption from the
airworthiness certification requirements in Part 21 and the concomitant requirements in 14 CFR
91.7(a) and 91.203 to operate an airworthy aircraft.

Given these safety features, Engineering Resources proposes that operator (PIC) of the eBee
should not be required to hold a commercial pilot certification. Instead, operator should be
required to:

     · hold a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate;
     · have completed the manufacturer's training program for operation of the UAS.

Engineering Resources notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of
UASs by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs
when the mandatory operating conditions specified above were present. See Federal Aviation
Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority to grant exemptions to the
requirements for and privileges associated with the grant of airmen's certificates. 49 USC
 §44701(f).

In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix A to
allow commercial operations of a small unmanned vehicle conducting precision aerial surveys.

Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of the eBee for precision survey work
will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial survey operations, using jet or piston-
powered aircraft present risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000
to 7,000 Ibs., or more, carry large quantities of fuel, passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such
aircraft must fly to and from the survey location. In contrast, an eBee weighing less than 2 Ibs.
and powered by batteries eliminates a portion of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
combustible fuel carried on board. The eBee is carried to the survey location, not flown there. The
eBee will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose any individuals to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions. Given
the size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
explosives or other dangerous materials, the eBee poses no threat to national security.
U. S. Department of Transportation
February 9, 2015
Page 7

The operation of the eBee, weighing less than 2 Ibs., for precision surveys in accordance with the
strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of
the exemptions requested herein, including exempting Engineering Resources LLC from the
requirements of Part 21 .

The eBee's satisfaction of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the Reform Act - size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line of sight, and national security - and its showing of an equivalent level of safety as it
may relate to the requirement for a pilot's license, provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of the eBee in the commercial
precision aerial survey business.

Very truly yours,
ENGINEERING RESOURCES LLC

 l

Dan H. Metcalf, P.E.
Engineering Manager
                                                         APPENDIX A

     EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER
                               APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Engineering Resources LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as
any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the eBee:

14 CFR §45.23(b) -- Display of marks; general

The regulation provides:

          When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
          displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
          provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
          entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
          than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
          "provisional," as applicable.

The eBee has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word "Experimental"
can be placed. Given the size of the eBee (38-in wingspan), two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the forward fuselage in compliance with §45.29(f).

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having the eBee marked on its forward fuselage
as required by §45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with the UAV will see the
identification of the UAS as "Experimental."

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR §91.203(a)(1) -- Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required

Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the
aircraft (less than 2.0 Ibs.) and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is
unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to
achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the UAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the eBee operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. The eBee
weighs less than 2 Ibs. fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable
fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area pre-disclosed and in compliance with conditions
set forth herein. Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both
Appendix A
February 9, 2015
Page 2

the operator, pursuant to the conditions set forth above, and by local public safety requirements.
The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filing of a NOTAM in accordance
with the operator's COA. Receipt of the prior permission of the land owner, the size of the aircraft,
the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown
there all establish the equivalent level of safety. The eBee construction with absorbent material
provides at least an equivalent level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with
conventional aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers,
cargo, and flammable fuel.

Additionally, SenseFly has demonstrated their respective airworthiness through many and varied
national and international projects, involving state/federal agencies or universities (among others
the New Mexico State University: http://newscenter.nmsu.edu/Articles/view/10208/nmsu-uas-
flight-test-center-conducts-ebee-airworthiness-assessment, and the US Army Corps of Engineers
("USACE") New Orleans, who coordinated with the Department of Army and the FAA to obtain all
authorizations required in order to operate the eBee (UAS).

14 CFR §61.113(a) &(b) - Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command;
14 CFR §61.133(a) - Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

Section 61.113(a) &(b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the eBee in this case is remotely controlled
with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with
a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire.
Engineering Resources respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into
account the characteristics of the particular UAS. SenseFly's eBee has a high degree of pre-
programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for
operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application. Additional
automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the eBee include the following:

          Very light weight
               o The eBee is so light (less than 2 Ibs) that the operator can launch it by hand and
                    let it land on almost any surface without requiring a parachute or landing net (belly
                    land). Its low kinetic energy (60 Joules ("J") at cruise speed) also significantly
                    reduces the risk of hazardous situations. Finally, the wings of the eBee are
                    detachable and made of flexible foam with no sharp or hard edges and almost no
                    internal strengthening structure.

     · Electric-powered
               o The eBee is electric-powered. A brushless engine technology makes it silent and
                    reliable. The propeller is attached with two rubber bands to the body of the plane
                    so that it can easily flex away in case of contact with any object.

          Semi-automatic flight
               o The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system
                    continuously analyzes data from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the
                    onboard GPS and takes care of all the aspects of the flight, even in the absence
                    of radio connection with the laptop. Take-off and landing phases are also fully
                    controlled by the autopilot.
Appendix A
February 9, 2015
Page 3

          Option for Manual control
               o Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to
                    take manual actions during the flight (Go to Home, Go Land, Hold and Resume
                    the mission) and also suspend automated operations and take manual control of
                    the aircraft should it become necessary to respond to emergency circumstances,
                    thanks to the remote controller provided with the system.

Given these safety features, Engineering Resources proposes that operators of the eBee should
not be required to hold a commercial pilot's license. Instead, operators should be required to:

     · possess at least a private pilot's certificate and at least a current third-class airman medical
          certificate;

     · have completed the manufacturer's training program for operation of the UAS.

Engineering Resources notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of
UASs by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs
where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation
Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at
20-21 (July 30,2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive
the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by allowing
operation of the eBee without a commercial pilot's certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.

The risks associated with the operation of the eBee (given its size, speed, operational capabilities,
and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated with private pilot
operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the
present level of safety provided under 14 CFR §61.113(a) &(b) and does not rise to the level of
requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under §61.133(a).

14 CFR §91.7(a) &(b) - Civil aircraft airworthiness.

This regulation requires that "no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition".

A confidential document, Justification of airworthiness and safety assessment, is submitted
separately to justify granting an exemption to the requirements of 14 CFR §91.7(a) An exemption
should be granted allowing commercial operation of the eBee without an airworthiness certificate
based on the information contained in this technical documentation. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by insuring compliance with the eBee user manual prior to each flight.
Appendix A
February 9, 2015
Page 4

14 CFR §91.9(b)(2) - Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements

The regulation provides:

          No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

          (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
          chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
          Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
          thereof.

Given the size and configuration of the eBee, it has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it.

14 CFR §91.109(a) - Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
14 CFR §91.319(a)(1) -- Aircraft having experimental certificates: Operating Limitations:

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

The eBee is a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, does not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft
via radio communications. The flight plan is pre-programmed into the auto pilot before flight and
only in unusual circumstances will the pilot input control functions to alter the pre-programmed
flight. If instruction is accomplished through a training program, an equivalent level of safety will
be assured. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. The equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by the manufacturer providing the training as outlined in the "eBee
Training Documentation" and through the use of experienced and qualified pilots familiar with the
eBee.

14 CFR §91.119 - Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c) limits
aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the sun`ace,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the eBee will never operate at higher than 500 feet AGL. It will, however, be
operated to avoid congested or populated areas that are depicted in yellow on VFR sectional
charts. Because aerial survey work must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes and at
altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the eBee is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land owner or
Appendix A
February 9, 2015
Page 5

those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all affected
individuals will be aware of the survey flights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted
with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 2 Ibs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk
associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional
aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will
maintain separation between these small-UAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR §91.151(a) - Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -(1) During the day, to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

As the eBee is electric-powered, this requirement is inapplicable. In any event, given the area of
operation for the eBee, Engineering Resources believes that an equivalent level of safety is
already achieved with the specific procedure preventing the eBee to accept a take-off order if the
battery level is below a given value. Moreover, Sense Fly has integrated "low" and "criticaP' battery
level warnings and implemented a"return to Home" (and "Go Land") actions in these situations.

Engineering Resources believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) is safe and within
the scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with §91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, without 30 minutes of
reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section §91.151(a) was meant to prevent
given the size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger,
or cargo also enhances its safety.

14 CFR §91.203 (a) &(b) - Civil aircraft: Certifications Required

This regulation provides as follows:

          (a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and current
          airworthiness certificate.
          (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
          paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
          displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The eBee fully loaded weighs no more than 2 Ibs. As such, there is no ability or place to carry
certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS. In addition, there is no
pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation.
Appendix A
February 9, 2015
Page 6

14 CFR §91.405(a) -- Maintenance required
14 CFR §407(a)(1) -- Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration;
14 CFR §409(a)(2) - Inspections;
14 CFR §417(a) - Maintenance records

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter
...." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2)
requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a)
requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been
accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval
of the aircraft for return to service.

Engineering Resources proposes that the maintenance of the eBee will be accomplished by the
owner or the operator according to the eBee user manual. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because the eBee is small in size, it is not a complex mechanical device and does carry
any external payload. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety. Finally, before every flight, the eBee automatically runs a sequence of pre-flight tests to
make sure that every sensor and every critical part is operating properly. If a problem is detected,
the eBee will not be able to be switched-on and a message error is displayed on the main screen
of eMotion. The owner or the operator can then refer to the eBee user manual to troubleshoot this
issue. Several parts of the eBee are easily interchangeable (propellers, wings), which allows the
operator to make sure the wings and propulsion system are always airworthy when a mission is
initiated.
                                                         APPENDIX B

Summnrized for purposes of Fecleral Register publication:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113(a) &(b); 14 CFR 61.133(a); 14 CFR 91. 7(a) &(b);
14 CFR 91. 9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.109(a); 14 CFR 91.119; 14 CFR 91.1 SI (a); 14 CFR 91.203(a) &(b); 14
CFR 91.319(a)(1) 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1); 14 CFR 91. 409(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417(a) to
operate commeYcially a small acnmanned vehicle (SSlbs or less) attgmenting its engineering ancl surveying
operations.
