April 29, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11447
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1010

Mr. Philip Owen
Director of UAS Operations
enrGies, Inc.
7220 Governors West
Huntsville, AL 35806

Mr. L. Steven Pierce
President
enrGies, Inc.
7220 Governors West
Huntsville, AL 35806

Dear Mr. Owen and Mr. Pierce:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated December 2, 2014, and March 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of enrGies, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial video and data gathering.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the Lockheed Martin Indago.1

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

1 By letter dated March 26, 2015, the petitioner added the following aircraft to its proposed operations - the
Lockheed Martin Desert Hawk III, DJI Phantom Vision +, Precision Lancaster MK3, Aeromao Talon, Aeromao
Aeromapper 300, Aeromao Aeromapper EV-2, and the DJI Inspire. The FAA must conduct an assessment on
these aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet the conditions in Section 333 of Public
Law 112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed accordingly and no further action will be
required by the petitioner.
                                                                                                3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, enrGies, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§
61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, enrGies, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Lockheed Martin
    Indago when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                        4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons, and;
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
March 26, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Modification to Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA FMRA and Part 11 of
the Federal Aviation Regulations submitted 5 Dec 2014

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and FMRA of 2012 (FMRA), enrGies
Inc. (the "petitioner."), a service provider of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS)
services and operations for multiple government activities; seeks an exemption from
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below. The requested exemption would
allow enrGies Inc. to conduct research and commercial activities using sUAS in the
National Airspace System (NAS). These operations would be conducted under strict
guide lines and control ensuring safe operations and will be conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by
Section 333.

As described below, the requested exemption would authorize enrGies Inc. to perform
commercial sUAS operations within the NAS utilizing a variety of airframes, sensors and
payloads that will provide the following benefits:

         1. Commercial use of sUAS to perform aerial video and data gathering in support
of federal, state and local government agencies as well as the following private
commercial ventures: basic photography, precision agriculture, pipeline/power line
transmission/distribution towers, oil and gas facilities (on & off shore), manmade/natural
disaster damage assessment, support to first responders, security, construction,
research, wildlife and wildfire monitoring, real estate, local infrastructure, railroad
infrastructure, surveying, scientific studies, insurance functions, training, mining and
UAS research and development. All of these activities are critical to the well-being of
the general public.

         2. The use of sUAS will decrease congestion in the NAS along with reducing the
noise/air pollution generated during traditional manned aircraft flight operations.

         3. Operation of sUAS may substantially reduce the risk to life and property by
performing missions that are currently being performed by manned aircraft that are
considered dangerous (i.e., transmission tower inspections or operating in extreme
terrain or weather conditions).
         4. sUAS when operated properly and under the FAA guidelines will not pose a
risk to National Security or generate new privacy issues.

enrGies Inc. is requesting the approval to fly eight different systems, both fixed-wing
and multi-rotor. Our pilots are currently certified in both type systems and must maintain
currency in accordance with our government certified flight procedures. A data sheet
for each system is provided as well as all manuals and documents.

Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the FMRA to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system." The following exhibits are submitted as amplifying information to provide
substantiation of enrGies credentials and technical information regarding the sUAS
pursuant to this request. 1

                  A ­ enrGies Inc. Flight Operations Procedures;
                  B ­ Lockheed Martin Indago Multi-rotor
                  C ­ Lockheed Martin Desert Hawk III;
                  D ­ DJI Phantom 2 vision +
                  F ­ PrecisionHawk Lancaster MK3
                  G ­ Aeromao Talon
                  H ­ Aeromao Aeromapper 300
                  I ­ Aeromao Aeromapper EV-2
                  J ­ DJI Inspire
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are:

         14 C.F.R. Part 21;
         14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);

         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);

         14 C.F.R. 91.103;
1 Petitioner submits Exhibits A-J, as a Confidential documents under 14 CFR § 11.35(b), as the documents
contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that the Petitioner has not and will not
share with others. The Manuals contain operating conditions and procedures that are not available to
the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of information Act 5 U.S.C. § 552 et.seq.

                                                               2
         14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.119;
         14 C.F.R. 91.121;
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)
enrGies Inc. point of contact name and address:

Philip Owen                                      7220 Governors West Rd
Director of UAS Operations                       Huntsville, AL 35806
(c) 256-759-0181                                 www.enrgies.com
Email: philowen@enrgies.com

DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

enrGies originated as an aviation engineering company supporting the U.S. Army,
therefore an aviation perspective and its discipline forms the basis of our corporate
culture. Our aviation culture including safety, standardized qualifications, and
awareness of the responsibilities resulting from sharing the national airspace form the
cornerstone of all operations and business activities. Naturally, this corporate culture
formed the basis and mandate for all sUAS operations.

enrGies personnel have been providing UAS support to the Department of Defense, the
Department of Energy, and Department of State for many years. In fact, enrGies
provided the initial training and subject matter expert support for the Department of
Interior UAS program; including assisting the United States Geological Survey (USGS)
stand up their sUAS program. This assistance included teaching their basic pilot
courses and providing pilots and operational support for their first 7 missions. enrGies
has provided basic and advanced flight training to the US Army and Special Operations
forces for last four years, including Program of Instruction development. .

enrGies sUAS Pilots/Instructors have 1000's of sUAS flight hours of operations and
student instruction throughout the world, including: the US Mainland, Alaska, Hawaii,
Mexico, Korea, Germany, Italy, Lebanon, Kuwait, Iraq and Afghanistan. All our current

                             3
Pilots/Instructors have military experience (many are retired military). Several enrGies
sUAS pilots also hold FAA Commercial certificates. This background gives enrGies a
strong safety orientated focus.

enrGies is currently working with multiple major sUAS OEMs through teaming or
partnership agreements and are conducting training on several of the systems listed for
the US Military over restricted airspace. We are also assisting several universities to
develop their sUAS programs.

Relevant Statutory Authority

This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. In the Reform Act, Congress directed the FAA "to
safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national
airspace system" and, under Section 333 of that law, directed the Secretary of
Transportation ("FAA Administrator") to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft
systems may operate safely in the National Airspace System ("NAS") before completion
of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

In making this determination, the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum:

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight,
    speed, and operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national
    airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
    certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code is required for the
    operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft in the National Airspace System".2

In addition, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of
exemptions from a requirement of regulations prescribed pursuant to section 44701(a)-
(b) and sections 44702-44716). A party requesting an exemption must explain the
reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and; (2) would not

2 Section 333 places the duty on the Administrator, inter alia, to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS,
if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                               4
adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the
existing rules). See 14 CFR § 11.81; FAA, Petition for Exemptions.

    A. enrGies will utilize battery powered rotorcraft, multi-rotor and fixed wing aircraft,
         each weighing less than 55 lbs., including payload. Specific details regarding
         each air platform are included in Exhibits B - I, and a summary is shown with
         Exhibit A. These systems will operate, under normal conditions, at a speed of no
         more than 87 knots. Operations will be performed by a qualified sUAS Pilot in
         Command (PIC), as outlined below, to insure that safety of the NAS and the
         public in general are paramount. Given the small size of the sUAS involved, the
         pre-planned environment within which they will operate, and the level of
         qualification and training enrGies pilots provide, enrGies believes that these
         operations will provide greater than an "equivalent level of safety".

         The operation of sUAS by knowledgeable and professional pilots will serve to
         enhance safety, add to the public benefit, and reduce the environmental impact
         related to current methods of manned aircraft flight operations will "not create a
         hazard to users of the NAS or the public."

    B. Flight Operating Procedures (FOP) (Exhibit A), prescribes the policies and
         procedures for enrGies proposed sUAS operations. To assist the FAA in its
         safety assessment of EnrGies proposed sUAS operations, a summary of
         operational limitations and conditions that ensure an equivalent or greater levels
         of operational safety are provided below.

         Safety will be the first and foremost consideration in all aspects of enrGies sUAS
         program. All flight operations will comply with all OEM, FAA or enrGies safety
         bulletins.

             1. The sUAS PIC will have, at a minimum, a third class medical certificate
                  and hold the minimum FAA required certificate, or higher and comply with
                  flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 or FAA recognized
                  equivalent.

             2. To become a sUAS PIC, the pilot must be qualified on the sUAS, pass a
                  written test, oral evaluation and formal flight examination for each system.
                  The PIC will receive a formal evaluation and a minimum of one no-notice
                  evaluation every 12 months.

             3. All pilot training and evaluations will be documented and kept in the pilots
                  permanent flight record. All flights will be logged in the pilots log book and
                  the aircraft log book.

             4. The sUAS PIC is responsible for the safe operations of the system under

                                                               5
    their control. The PIC can only operate one system at a time, and PICs
    cannot change in the middle of the flight.
5. The PIC will ensure that all required documentation, regarding the sUAS
    and flight crew, are on-site during UAS operations.
6. Flight planning requires flight completion with at least 10% battery power
    remaining as measured by the sUAS or appropriate timing.
7. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations
    prior to flight at each new location. All personnel who will be performing
    duties within the boundaries of the area of operation will attend.
8. All sUAS flights will have the minimum flight crew required (as directed in
    the pilots manual) and a trained observer to ensure the sUAS remains in
    VLOS at all times. The observer must use human vision, unaided by any
    devise other than corrective lenses. The PIC and observer must be able
    to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic devices may be used with
    the exception electronic messaging or texting.
9. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a complete pre-flight IAW the
    Pilots Manual and will not fly the aircraft if any discrepancy is found that
    could affect the safety of the flight.
10. The PIC will follow all published emergency procedures when
    encountered, with safety of the public being the primary focus.
11. The sUAS will be operated at or below 400' AGL
12. The sUAS will not operate at a speed of greater than 87 knots.
13. The sUAS will not be operated night (official sunrise to official sunset)
14. Flights will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements
    equivalent to Visual Flight Rules (VFR). sUAS operations are not
    authorized under Special VFR conditions.
15. Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible. Flights are
    not authorized in Class A airspace. Flights within 5 nautical miles of an
    airport are not authorized unless a letter of agreement is obtain from the
    airport manager or permitted by appropriate COA.
16. The sUAS will remain clear of and give way to any manned aircraft.
17. Prior to a sUAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area
    of operation will include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the
    sUAS will operate. Safety procedures will be established for persons,
    property and applicable airspace within the area of operation.
18. The sUAS shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations adjacent to
    the PIC and/or Observer.
19. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access
    property with permission from the property owner/controller or authorized
    representative.

                                                6
             EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of sUAS's:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)

         Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of
         airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes
         the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as
         required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1).

Given the size of the aircraft (less than 55 lbs.) and the limited operating area
associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of
airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety
levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part
11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the
Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the sUAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without
an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as
safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an
airworthiness certificate. The sUAS weighs less than 55 lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry
a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an
area pre-disclosed and in compliance with conditions set forth herein. Operations under
this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the pilot, pursuant to the
conditions set forth above, and by local public safety requirements. The FAA will have
advance notice of all operations through the filing of NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior
permission of the land owner, the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the
fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all establish the
equivalent level of safety. The sUAS provides at least an equivalent, and most likely
exceeds, level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with conventional
aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers,
cargo, and flammable fuel.

14 CFR. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft

Regulation 45.23 provides:

         (a) Each pilot of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
         Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the

                                                               8
         registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed
         must also be a Roman capital letter.

         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
         number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
         experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the pilot must also display on
         that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not
         less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
         "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Regulation 91.9(c) provides:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
         identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

The sUAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the markings
can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. Official
marking systems for sUAS have not yet been established for operations inside the NAS.
The applicant is prepared to mark the sUAS with the name of the organization and
location or origin and fulfill any other request by the FAA to this topic in accordance to §
45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with the sUAS will see the
identification of the sUAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption Nos.
8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot
in Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

         Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike
         a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the sUAS in
         this case is remotely controlled with no passengers or property of others on
         board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license
         to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. The applicant
         respectfully proposes that pilot requirements should take into account the
         characteristics of the particular sUAS. Most sUAS autopilot's have a high degree
         of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly
         limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the
         exemption application. Hands-on experience with the sUAS are a far more
         effective guarantee of flight safety than a commercial pilot certificate would be,
         until the FAA Pilot Certificate requirements catch up to the sUAS technology.

         The sUAS autopilots have an all-digital software platform with advanced features
         previously restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and

                                                               9
advanced fly-safe controls enable safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced
networking capabilities and system extensibility.

     The system can autonomously fly a programmed flight path or fly in
         manual mode

     Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The system will
         return home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached.

     Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project.
         sUAS offer superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for
         people to be onboard in potentially dangerous situations. With multiple
         built-in safety features, sUAS platforms lead manned operations with
         respect to safety.

     The sUAS automatically detects potential issues - with configurable
         automated response behavior such as a return-home-and-land routine

     The sUAS self-calibrate all of their sensors and perform required failsafe
         pre-flight tests prior to takeoff to check for errors

     The sUAS have the ability to set up visual no-fly zones or create a virtual
         fence so the sUAS can't fly horizontally or vertically beyond the pre-
         planned flight area

     The sUAS have battery minutes and flight time displayed at all times. The
         system will return home and land automatically if user-configurable limits
         are reached

     The sUAS auto detect a lost GPS, warns the pilot and initiates an
         immediate landing.

     Low battery on the sUAS triggers a Non-Fatal Warning alarm to return
         home, land and replace the battery

     If sUAS detect a lost-link to the Ground Station the vehicle will perform its
         pre-defined Non-Fatal Condition Response.

                                                    10
Given these safety features, the applicant proposes that pilots of sUAS with these
features should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification.
Instead, pilots should be required to:

              Have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground
                  instruction and passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-
                  recognized equivalents including ICAO issued commercial, private license
                  and ground school; pilots will therefore receive instruction in aeronautical
                  navigation, meteorology, and aviation regulations prior to conducting
                  commercial sUAS operations.

              Have completed a training program for operation of the sUAS.

              Have completed 10 hours (or 20 flights) of training on the sUAS and/or
                  simulator before commencing commercial operations.

The applicant notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of
sUAS by pilots with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public
COAs where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See
Federal Aviation Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS)
Operational Approval, at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority,
granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot requirements for commercial
operations.

Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of the sUAS without a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's
certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.

The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS (given its size, speed, operational
capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part
61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the
sUAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14
C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to
operate the aircraft under § 61.133(a).

14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of
sUAS without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the
sUAS. Given the size of the sUAS and the previous COAs issued for similar sUAS, an

                                                              11
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the given sUAS
OEM manuals and use of safety checklists prior to each flight.

14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

         The regulation provides:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of
         this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane
         or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
         or any combination thereof.

Given the size of sUAS, they have no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on
the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it.
The FAA has issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption
Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
10700.

14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided
for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be
provided by following a comprehensive preflight checklist. The PIC will take all actions
including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances
and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 CFR § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction

         These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
         manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft
         has fully functioning dual controls.

The sUAS are remotely piloted aircraft and by design, do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The flight plan is either
manually controlled through point- and-click navigation or preprogrammed as way
points into the auto pilot before or during flight and only in unusual circumstances will
the pilot input control functions to alter the pre-programmed flight. Given the size and
speed of the sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still be performed without

                                                              12
dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the sUAS, and all persons will
be a safe distance away should the sUAS experience any difficulties during flight
instruction. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional
dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.
See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.
         Specifically, 91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas
         to an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
         populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than
         500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at relatively
low altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section
91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and
material with which sUAS are built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of
the land owner or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the
landowner, all affected individuals will be aware of the flights. Compared to aerial survey
operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the weight of the
systems requested for exemption, and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with
these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft
operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will
maintain separation between these sUAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         Section 91.121 requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
         altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the
         departure airport or barometric pressure.

Some sUAS have a barometric pressure sensor, while others only use GPS for
elevation or altitude. When a barometric pressure sensor is on the sUAS, it is typically
"zeroed" at the point of take-off; this is right next to the PIC and not at a departure
airport. The altitude reading will be relative to that point and not a known elevation.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming the elevation or
altitude of the launch site. The altitude of the sUAS will also be displayed via telemetry
on the Ground Station and will be constantly monitored by the PIC during the entire
flight operation.

                                                              13
14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane
         under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
         there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
         normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes;
         or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The different sUAS batteries provide a variety of powered flight times. An exemption
from § 14 CFR 91.151 is therefore required.

The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within
the scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin
Corporation to operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the sUAS, without
30 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a)
was meant to prevent given the size and speed at which the sUAS operates. The fact
that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also enhances its safety. In the unlikely
event that the sUAS should run out of fuel, it would simply land. Given its weight and
construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining
10% of reserve fuel (or battery), which would be more than adequate to return the sUAS
to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
10673 and 10808.

14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

         This regulation provides as follows:

         (a) ...no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and
         current airworthiness certificate.

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weigh less than 55 lbs. As such, there is no ability or place to
carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. In
addition, there is no pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them. The
FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of

                                                              14
other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A,
9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections
         Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft pilot or owner "shall have that aircraft
         inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
         inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..." Section 91.407
         similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2)
         requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certificate.
         Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or pilot to keep records showing certain
         maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under
         Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to
         service.

The sUAS under request are nearly maintenance free, they perform automatic pre-flight
checks and the failure of any check will prevent take-off. Checks which cannot be done
by the system will be performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at
predefined intervals as part of a maintenance schedule.

Pre-flight checklist includes:

         1. Visual inspection of the airframe

         2. Visual inspections of rotor integrity

         3. Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater
         station)

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size, will
carry no external payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not
a complex mechanical devise. The pilot of a sUAS will ensure that it is in working order
prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the pilot is the person most familiar with the
aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure
an equivalent level of safety.

If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately due to the pre-determined
area of operation. Moreover, the UAS's small size, carrying capacity, and the fact that
flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time, create
less risk than the same factors associated with conventional fixed-wing aircraft and
rotorcraft performing the same operation.

                                                              15
                     SUMMARY OF SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST
As an aviation centric company with 10 years' experience, it is enrGies Inc.'s belief that
the size, weight, speed, operating environment, system capabilities and extensive PIC
training and experience provide greater than the equivalent level of safety when
operating a sUAS and that it is in the public interest as outlined in Section 333 of the
FMRA. It is requested that the FAA issue an exemption to permit safe, legal,
commercial sUAS operation by enrGies Inc. as soon as possible.
enrGies, hereby provides pursuant to Part 11, a summary of its exemption application to
allow commercial operation of sUAS for aerial acquisition and research in support of
government entities, agriculture industry, utility companies, local infrastructure, scientific
studies, wildlife monitoring, oil and gas industries, mining, surveying, forestry, and much
more. All of which are critical to the well-being of the general public. An exemption is
therefore requested from the following regulations:
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.121;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).

                                                              16
