August 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12444
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1236

Mr. Hanns Mercer, P.E.
Project Engineer
EnTech, Inc.
1949 Sugarland Drive, Suite 205
Sheridan, WY 82801

Dear Mr. Mercer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of EnTech, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial surveying and
inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Draganfly X4-ES.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, EnTech, Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, EnTech, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Draganfly X4-ES
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                           April 16, 2015

   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Mr. Anthony Foxx
United States Secretary of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington DC, 20590

Re: Exemption Request under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
       (Public Law 112-95) from 14 CFR 21; 14 CFR 36, 45.23; 45.27, 45.29; 61.113; 91.7; 91.9(b)
       (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a)
       (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Mr. Secretary,

In accordance with §333(c) of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, EnTech, Inc. is requesting permission to use its Draganfly X4-ES Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS) to perform operations involving surveying and inspections of properties owned
by both public and private entities for the use in civil engineering planning and design solutions. This
letter contains the documentation pertaining to the waiver requests as per 14 CFR Part 11 and
how these exemptions are in the best interest of public safety.

EnTech is committed to obtaining a level of safety at or above the current regulations. EnTech has
developed a UAS Flight Operations Manual and has detailed the operating system of the proposed
UAS filed with this exemption, both of which are included within this request.

Public safety is the primary concern of EnTech. Utilizing the remote use of the Dragonfly X4-ES,
public and personal safety will be heightened and the safety risks involved with the current practice
will be reduced. The UAS will allow a faster and safer approach to engineering inspections and
solutions with safe and efficient flights made possible with unmanned surveying and inspections.
EnTech will utilize the expertise of existing personnel within the company with decades of
experience flying radio controlled aircraft. EnTech will be responsible for ensuring compliance with
applicable FAA regulations in relation to UAS operations, with public safety being of the utmost
concern.

Performing aerial inspections and surveys utilizing a UAS has many beneficial uses to public safety
and can be utilized in many different applications. Some of the beneficial uses that are in the best
interest of public safety include search and rescue, natural disaster surveillance, power line
inspections after storms, agricultural application surveys, and other efficient, non-invasive surveys
or videography to reduce the exposure and time required for traditional inspections and surveys.
   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

EnTech, Inc., requests an exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 for commercial flight of its Draganfly X4-ES UAS. EnTech, Inc. provides civil engineering
consulting, surveying and inspection services to private and government entities. EnTech will
primarily use this UAS for general land surveying and aerial photography to aid in the design and
implementation of solutions based in the civil engineering field. EnTech would also expect to utilize
the UAS in future operations which may consist of: (1) agricultural operations; (2) forest and
wildlife conservation; (3) aerial surveying; (4) patrolling (pipelines, power lines & natural gas
fields); and (5) any other operation specified by the FAA. Proposed operations will be performed
in full compliance with aviation safety regulations, maintained at or below 400 feet AGL and in
Line-of-sight with the Pilot-in-Command (PIC). As per 14 CFR §11.81, this petition for exemption
is prepared and filed in accordance with regulation to request exemptions from the Federal
Aviation Regulations (FAR's) pertaining to operation of a UAS so that operations can be
commercially completed in accordance to all applicable FARs that would pertain to a small UAS.
Specifically, 14 CFR §11.81 states:

         "You must include the following information in your petition for an exemption and
         submit it to FAA as soon as you know you need an exemption.

                   (a) Your name and mailing address and, if you wish, other contact information
                   such as a fax number, telephone number, or e-mail address;
                   (b) The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which you seek an
                   exemption;
                   (c) The extent of relief you seek, and the reason you seek the relief;
                   (d) The reasons why granting your request would be in the public interest; that is,
                   how it would benefit the public as a whole;
                   (e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or
                   how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided
                   by the rule from which you seek the exemption;
                   (f) A summary we can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating:

                              (1) The rule from which you seek the exemption; and
                              (2) A brief description of the nature of the exemption you seek;
                   (g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your
                   request; and
                   (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside the United
                   States, the reason why you need to do so."

14 CFR §11.81, EnTech, Inc. submits the following information:

    (a) Name and mailing address

         Hanns Mercer, P.E.
         Project Engineer
         EnTech, Inc.
         1949 Sugarland Dr. Ste: 205
         Sheridan, Wyoming 82801
         P: (307) 673-1542
         hwm@entechusa.net

                                                               2
  Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(b) The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which exemption is sought:
             · 14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates

             · 14 CFR 36, Noise Certification
             · 14 CFR 45.23, 45.27, Aircraft Marking & Certification and Registration
             · 14 CFR 45.29, Size Requirements
             · 14 CFR 61.113, Pilot in Command
             · 14 CFR 91.7, Civil aircraft airworthiness
             · 14 CFR 91.9, Document/Flight Manuals
             · 14 CFR 91.103, Preflight action
             · 14 CFR 91.109, Flight Instruction
             · 1 4 C FR 9 1 .1 1 9 ( c ) Minimum safe altitude
             · 14 CFR 91.151, Fuel requirements for VFR flight
             · 14 CFR 91.203, Civil Aircraft: Certifications required
             · 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a); 417 (a) & (b) Maintenance and Maintenance inspection

   (b) The extent of relief sought is for the duration of the Grant of Exemption, unless otherwise specified.
        The reason to seek the relief is as follows:

     I. 14 CFR 21

     The proposed UAS to be utilized is well under 55 lbs weighing at the maximum payload
     range and weighing approximately 5.5 lbs when outfitted with all equipment and batteries.
     There are no flammable liquids or other hazardous materials that would propose a danger
     to the public. The maximum speed is 30 mph. The PIC will maintain VFR (Visual Flight
     Rules) and operate the UAS during the day, at or below 400 feet AGL and in line-of-sight
     so as not to create a hazard to users of the National Airspace System or the public.

     II. 14 CFR 36

     EnTech, Inc. requests relief from any associated noise certification and testing requirements
     of Part 36. As a note, according to the manufacturer's specifications, the UAS operates
     below 62db within 3 meters.

     III. 14 CFR 45.23, 45.27

      The UAS does not currently display marks consisting of the Roman capital letter "N"
      followed by the registration number of the aircraft in compliance with 14 CFR 45.23 and 14
      CFR 45.27. EnTech will register the UAS with the FAA and ensure the UAS is marked as
      appropriate for use in the NAS for commercial purposes.

                                                              3
Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

   IV. 14 CFR 45.29

   Relief is requested from the size requirements under this section due to the size limitations
   of the UAS. We propose to use marks as large as possible on the UAS as well as keep
   registration information with the PIC during operations on the ground.
   V. 14 CFR 61.113
   EnTech, Inc. employees currently do not have commercial pilot licenses and therefore request
   relief from 14 CFR part 61.113. The flight is only incidental to this business; and the aircraft
   does not carry passengers or property for compensation. To reach an equivalent level of
   safety, the self-imposed experience and training requirements of the Pilot in Command (PIC)
   would more than offset any risk introduced by using private pilots to fly an unmanned aircraft in
   very restricted and controlled areas.

 VI. 14 CFR 91.7

   Assuming no airworthiness certificate will be required due to relief from Subpart H, no
   regulatory standard exists for determining airworthiness. The equivalent level of safety will
   be achieved through the employment of flight manual and maintenance manual
   procedures, pilot training and analytical risk management for each event.

 VII. 14 CFR 91.9

   Relevant materials shall be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance
   with the regulations.

 VIII. 14 CFR 91.103

   This regulation dictates that a pilot conduct preflight activities. Without an FAA approved
   flight manual, relief is required from this regulation. Extensive pre-flight planning will
   provide an equivalent level of safety by using the operations plan, aircraft flight manual,
   maintenance manual and available weather and NOTAM information. The PIC will follow
   all other applicable pre-flight procedures including reviewing weather, flight battery
   requirements, landings, and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
   initiation of flight.

 IX. 14 CFR 91.109
   The Draganfly X4-ES has no onboard flight controls. An equivalent level of safety will be
   accomplished by conducting pilot training via the control system that communicates with the
   aircraft from the ground. EnTech intends to conduct this training at the radio control aircraft
   airport site under controlled conditions.

                                                           4
Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

X.14 CFR 91.119(c)

  EnTech, Inc. requests relief from this section because the UAS will be operated below
  400 feet AGL. The PIC will ensure the UAS is operated in controlled environments, as
  well as obtaining and assessing information regarding congested areas from the local
  Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) and avoiding areas of congestion. We feel that
  an acceptable level of safety can be achieved. Extensive range testing and additional
  on-site testing in a controlled environment would be conducted in real time conditions. The
  light-weight UAS being proposed for use in this activity, along with its precise guidance and
  redundant systems, create an entirely different paradigm that should be considered by
  regulatory bodies.

XI. 14 CFR 91.151

  EnTech, Inc. requests exemption from this section due to the maximum flight time
  available from this UAS. The UAS total flight time is limited to 20 minutes and therefore
  the PIC would not be able to meet the minimum standards and still conduct the
  inspections. The UAS is equipped with a visual battery indicator that displays the battery
  levels at all time. Additionally, the UAS has a visual alarm that indicates when the
  battery reaches a state of 20% battery life, or approximately 4 minutes of flight time. These
  indicators, coupled with pilot awareness and the emergency "Return to Home" setting, will
  supply ample time to land the UAS safely in the event of low battery.

XII.  14 CFR 91.203

EnTech, Inc. requests relief from 14 CFR 91.203, as the appropriate airworthiness
certificate does not exist for this UAS. Additionally, the certificate cannot be displayed in the
aircraft due to the size and physical structure of the UAS.

XIII. 14 CFR 91.405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a), 417(a)(b)

  EnTech, Inc. requests relief from these sections of 14 CFR 91.405, 407, 409, and 417. The
  above-cited regulations require, in general, aircraft owners and operators to inspect the
  aircraft "...as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
  except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
  prescribed in Part 43 of this chapter." These regulations apply to aircraft with an Airworthiness
  Certificate. Therefore, these sections are not applicable to this UAS. Operators will
  adhere to requirements located within the operations manual. These FARs only concern
  aircraft with an airworthiness certificate and therefore would not apply in this situation. All
  maintenance and inspections will be conducted within the maintenance manual and
  operations manual.

                     5
 Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(d) The reasons why granting this request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would
     benefit the public as a whole.

     Personnel Safety

     Performing aerial inspections and surveys utilizing a UAS has many beneficial uses to public
     safety and can be utilized in many different applications. Some of the beneficial uses that are
     in the best interest of public safety include: search and rescue, natural disaster surveillance,
     power line inspections after storms, agricultural application surveys, and other fast non-
     invasive surveys or videography to reduce the exposure and time required for traditional
     inspections and surveys of such matters.

     Hazards such as downed power lines, flooding, broken or damaged pipelines and bridges,
     forest fires and avalanches oftentimes are located in areas where terrain is inaccessible or
     difficult to access safely, or simply too dangerous for foot travel. Field inspections leave
     employees vulnerable to environmental hazards such as snow and ice accumulation,
     stream crossings, seasonal water runoff, felled trees, downed power lines and blocked
     paths; biological hazards, such as poison ivy, snakes, and natural predators; and extreme
     temperature changes which may cause altitude sickness, heat stroke or frost bite. The
     utilization of our UAS will ensure access to these areas while minimizing risk of serious injury
     or issue to personnel assigned to conduct these inspections, as well as a more cost-effective
     and timely analysis of any such events that the UAS may be deemed useful to complete
     such tasks. Local emergency entities will be briefed on the nature of intent of EnTech's and
     the UAS's capabilities which could be made available for a possible resource option.

     Cost-Effectiveness

     Costs will be reduced and timelines will gain efficiency with the use of a UAS. Most
     applications of a traditional inspection or survey would include multiple personnel and
     vehicles to complete the task. The use of the UAS will minimize the planning, engineering
     and design of gaining the access and data to make informed decisions and generate
     solutions, while minimizing possible lost time of employees due to sickness or injury being
     sustained in a hazardous situation.

(e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
     exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
     which the exemption is sought.
     The UAS consists of a lightweight, battery powered multirotor craft, a personal computer-
     based ground control station, and associated communications equipment. The
     multirotor craft's length is 36", its width is 36" and it has a height of 12.6", which can operate
     at a maximum speed of about 30 mph. The Draganfly X4-ES is controlled from a 2-
     way 900 MHz data link frequency which sends controls to the UAS and also receives
     data, such as battery level alarms back to the PIC. This frequency is a DSSS (Direct
     Sequence Spread Spectrum) transmission. These have been proven to be reliable

                                                             6
Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

    and not accept interference from other frequencies. The UAS is equipped with a visual
    battery indicator that displays the battery levels at all times. Pilots are trained to monitor
    the battery indication lights during flights. Additionally, the UAS has a visual alarm that
    indicates when the battery reaches a state of 20% battery life, or approximately 4 minutes
    of flight time. The UAS consists of a semi-autonomous flight mode. The aircraft will be
    operated with both a PIC and a ground-based Visual Observer (VO) in accordance with
    FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14, Operational Requirements for UAS. All flights will
    occur at no more than 400 feet AGL; operations will be conducted in a professional and
    controlled manner and in line of sight (LOS) of the PIC. The UAS has a Sony RX100 III zoom
    camera which downloads real time data via a 5.8 GHz link to the ground control station. All
    applicable regulations set forth by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) will be
    adhered to by the PIC. This UAS has 11 onboard sensors including gyros, accelerometers,
    magnetoresistive, barometric and GPS sensors.

   Flight operations will be limited to daytime hours with at least a 500' cloud ceiling and a
   1 mile flight visibility requirement. Visual meteorological conditions and the aircraft will
   remain within visual line of sight of the PIC at all times. The PIC will complete the proper
   training and exercises at a controlled field before performing client based flight patterns.

   This exemption will provide a greater level of safety to that provided by the rule from which
   the exemption is sought due to the current nature of conducting inspections. Because UAS
   flights are not currently authorized for commercial use, the small size, extreme
   maneuverability and zoom capabilities on the camera together allow for a safe,
   unimpeded inspection of critical infrastructure assets. Conducting safe inspections and
   land surveys are in the public interest, provide a safer alternative, and produce more
   accurate data for engineering evaluation.

(f) Summary to publish in the Federal Register

    I. The rule from which exemption is sought

   EnTech, Inc. seeks exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
   2012 (Public Law 112-95) from 14 CFR 21; 14 CFR 36, 45.23; 45.27, 45.29; 61.113; 91.7;
   91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
   91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

    II. A brief description of the nature of the exemption sought

   EnTech, Inc. requests an exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
   Reform Act of 2012 for commercial flight of its Draganfly X4-ES UAS. EnTech, Inc.
   provides civil engineering consulting, surveying and inspection services to private and
   government entities. EnTech will primarily use this UAS for general land surveying and aerial
   photography to aid in the design and implementation of solutions based in the civil
   engineering field. EnTech would also expect to utilize the UAS in program operations which
   consist of: (1) agricultural operations; (2) forest and wildlife conservation; (3) aerial
   surveying; (4) patrolling (pipelines, power lines & natural gas fields); and (5) any other
   operation specified by the FAA. Proposed operations will be performed in full

                                                           7
   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

                           FLIGHT OPERATIONS MANUAL

Area & Environment
 Hazards / Site Selection

      Check for wires / cables
      Animals
      People / bystanders
      Property in the vicinity
      Site is away from nonessential participants
      Ability to maintain adequate buffer zones between aircraft and personnel;
      Minimize departures and landings over populated areas
      Take into account local topography, ensuring a visible line of sight towards the UAS at all times. Ensure the

          telemetry connection is not obstructed.
      Investigate potential alternative landing sites in case take-off site is obstructed.
 Psychological consideration (are you well rested, rushed, are you being pressured by client)
 Weather considerations
      Temperature
      Visibility
      Precipitation
 Wind Speed
      Upper winds / at altitude
      Rotor (lee side of large objects)
 Notify any bystanders or nearby property owners of your intentions (permission)
 Discuss flight plan with your co-pilot or spotter
 If flying in controlled airspace, have you notified airspace authority
      NOTAMs
      Can you reach authorities
      Do you need to maintain communication?
 First Aid Kit stocked, readily accessible and visible to anyone in the area.

UAS Equipment
 Walk-around
 Crack in joints and structural members
 Loose or damaged screws, ties, fasteners, straps
 Loose or damaged wiring
 Loose or damaged connections (solder, plugs, etc.)
 Inspect prop mounts and screws and apply slight counter pressure on arms to check for loosened components
 FPV , inspect / clean FPV (Camera) Lens and insure it is secured and connects are firmly attached
 Camera settings are correct (still images, video, framerate)

                                                               9
   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

 Battery / Batteries are fully charged, properly seated and Secured
 Fail-safe equipment functioning

      RTH (return to home)
      Firmware Airport Proximity Detection Functioning
 Props are smooth and free of damage / defect (check blade, surface and hub)
 Prop adapters are tight / secure
 Ensure voltage alarm is connected
 Ensure arming / idle timeout is properly configured
 Correct model is selected in transmitter (if applicable)
 Check RC transmitter shows the right range and centering for all sticks
 Perform range test

Mission Plan
 All actions and contingencies for the mission planned.
 Contingency planning should include safe routes in the event of a system failure, degraded performance, or lost

     communication link, if such a failsafe exists.
 Mission plans and flight plans should be shared with other operators in the vicinity.

Public Awareness
 Be courteous and polite
 You are an ambassador and your actions will affect other pilots and the industry in general
 Be professional / appear professional

Pre-Flight/Run-Up
 Verifying all transmitter, on-board aircraft and camera batteries are fully charged; (confirm voltages)
 Ensure no frequency conflicts with both video and transmitter / receiver
 Checking all control surfaces for signs of damage, loose hinges, and overall condition; Looking over the

     wing/rotors to ensure they are in good structural condition and properly secured;
 Check motor/engine and mounting attached to the airframe;
 Study propellers / mounting hardware (tight) / rotor blades for chips and deformation;
 Check the landing gear for damage and function
 Test electrical connections, plugged in and secure
 Ensure photo / video equipment mounting system is secure and operational.
 Check location of GPS equipment controlling the autopilot.
 Check the IMU movements in the ground control software.
 UAS in stabilization mode, ensure control surfaces move towards the correct positions
 UAS / Drone is in a level location safe for takeoff
 FPV / Power up ground station

                                                               10
   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

 FPV / Power up Video receiver
 If using Video recorder turn on camera system
 Camera settings are correct (still images, video, framerate)
 SD camera memory clear and inserted into the camera
 Action / Start filming
 All transmitter controls move freely in all directions
 All transmitter trims in neutral position
 All transmitter switches in correct position( typically away)
 Transmitter throttle to zero
 Radio transmitter on
 Connect / power on battery to airframe
 Ensure led indicators and audible tones are correct
 Timer on (if applicable)
 FPV, confirm video is in monitor / goggles
 Scan for nearby cars / people / animals
 Say "CLEAR!"
 Arm flight controller
 Increase throttle slightly listening for any abnormalities
 Short 20-30 second hover at 3-5 feet (listen for vibrations / loose items)
 Confirm Voltage levels are correct

In-Flight
 Basics: If flying manually, always keep your fingers on the controller/transmitter.
 Never let the UAS out of your sight even for a second.
 Climb to a safe altitude away from potential hazards and to reduce noise pollution.
 Keep aircraft at a safe operating distance from people, electric utility lines and buildings.
 If the UAS must be flown over buildings or people, use a lightweight UAS and maintain a safe altitude for

     recovery and make every effort to minimize exposure.
 Spotter: Use a spotter whenever possible and appropriate.
 Do not fly UASs within distance defined by local laws of any private/commercial airport/helipad
 Do not fly around a pre-existing UAS flying site without a frequency-management agreement.
 Do not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport
 Landing: Regardless of whether of a manual or automated UAS landing, scan landing area for potential

     obstruction hazards.
 Announce out loud "Preparing to Land".
 Carefully land the aircraft away from obstructions and people.

                                                               11
   Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Post-Flight
 Shutting Down: Turn the power off to the aircraft and/or disconnect the batteries.
 Turn off the transmitter.
 Turn the power off to the photo equipment.
 Visually check aircraft for signs of damage and/or excessive wear.
 Remove the unused fuel if applicable. Secure the aircraft.
 Check pictures: Verify that the UAS camera actually took the pictures.
 LOG FLIGHT

                                                               12
Draganflyer X4-ES Helicopter Tech Specs

             Draganflyer X4- Emergency Services Configuration

Helicopter Size

    · Dimensions
             o Width: 87cm (36.25in)
             o Length: 87cm (36.25in)
             o Top Diameter: 106cm (41.8in)
             o Height: 32cm (12.6in)

Weight & Payload

    · Helicopter Weight: 1,625g (57oz)
    · Payload Capability: 850g (30oz)
    · Maximum Gross Take-Off Weight: 2,475g (87oz)

RF Communications*

    · 900 MHz Data Link
             o Link Type: Helicopter to Ground & Ground to Helicopter (Two-Way)
             o Helicopter Antenna: Wired Whip Antenna
             o Controller Antenna: ½ Wave Whip Antenna
             o RF Data Rate: 200kbps
             o Receiver sensitivity: -101dBm
             o Transmission Technique: DSSS (Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum)
             o Frequency band: 902 ­ 925 MHz
             o Certifications: FCC, IC, C-TICK, Anatel, IDA
             o Data Link Channel Selection: Automatic (13 Channels)

    · 5.8GHz Video Link
             o Link Type: Helicopter to Ground & Ground to Helicopter (Two-Way)
             o Helicopter Access Point Antenna: Omni-Directional
             o Base Station Receiver Antennas: Integrated Antenna Array (Hi-gain 4
                  antenna system)
             o Transmission Power: 25dBm
             o Receiver Sensitivity: -96dBm
             o Transmission Technique: WiFi
             o Frequency Band: 802.11n 4.9-5.9GHz
             o Certifications: FCC Part 15.247, IC RS210, CE

  *Range varies with environment

11 Onboard Sensors

    · 3 Solid State MEMS (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems) Gyros
    · 3 Solid State MEMS (Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems) Accelerometers
    · 3 Magnetometers (Magnetoresistive Sensors)
    · 1 Barometric Pressure Sensor
    · 1 GPS Receiver

GPS

    · GPS Used For: Position Hold, Location & Velocity Data
    · Maximum Satellites Tracked Simultaneously: 16
    · Position Update Rate: 4 Hz
    · GPS Antenna: Ceramic Patch

Flight Characteristics:

    · Unassisted visual reference required
    · Max Climb Rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
    · Max Descent Rate: 2m/s (6.5ft/s)
    · Max Turn Rate: 90°/second
    · Approx Maximum Speed: 50km/h (30mph)
    · Minimum Speed: 0km/h (0mph)
    · Launch Type: VTOL (Vertical Take Off and Landing)
    · Maximum Altitude ASL: 2,438m (8,000ft)
    · Maximum Flight Time: Approx. 20 min
    · Approx Sound at 1m (3.28ft): 72dB
    · Approx Sound at 3m (9.84ft): 62dB

Operating Requirements

    · Recommended Pre-Use Temperature: 10° to 35°C (50° to 95°F)
    · Maximum Environmental Operating Temperature: -25° to 38°C (-13° to 100°F)
    · Relative Humidity: 0% to 90% Non condensing
    · Maximum Wind speed: 50 km/h (30mph)

Rotor Blades

    · Two Clockwise, Two Counter-clockwise rotors (Four Rotors Total)
    · Rotor Blade Material: Molded Carbon Fiber
    · Rotor Diameter: 39.4 cm (16in)

Electric Motors

    · Brushless Motors: 4
    · Configuration: Direct Drive (One Motor per Rotor)
    · Safety Features: Stall Protection
    · Ball Bearing
    · Voltage: 14.8V

Position Navigation Lights

    · Type: 1 Watt LED Variable Brightness Emitters
    · Luminous Flux at Full Brightness: 40lm
    · Purpose: Helicopter Orientation Confirmation
    · Visible Condition Range: Full Darkness to Direct Sunlight
    · LED Light Positions

             o Red: Left Front
             o Green: Right Front
             o White: Both sides Tail/Rear

Rechargeable Helicopter Battery

    · Cell Chemistry: Lithium Polymer
    · Voltage: 14.8V
    · Capacity: 5400mAh
    · Length: 9.8cm (3.9in)
    · Width: 6.7cm (2.6in)
    · Height: 3.4cm (1.3in)
    · Connectors: Integrated Balance and Power
    · Recharge Time: Approx. 60 minutes (after typical flight)
Landing Gear

    · Installed Height: 16.5cm (6.5in)
    · Stance Width: 64.7cm (25.5 in)
    · Landing gear : 4 individual nylon feet
    · Landing Gear Material: Molded Carbon Fiber, nylon

Materials

    · Carbon Fiber
    · Glass Filled Injected Nylon
    · Aluminum & Stainless Steel Fasteners
    · RoHS Compliant

Flight Data Recorder

    · Flight Data Recording: On-Board
    · Stored To: Micro SD card or GCS hard drive exportable to external storage
    · Data Recorded: Onboard Sensor Flight Data (Link quality, Orientation, Altitude,

         Speed, Direction)

Camera Attachments

     Standard camera for the Draganflyer X4ES System is the Digital Still camera

    · 20.2MP (Mega-Pixel)/1080P HD video- Digital Still Camera with Remote
         Controlled Tilt, Zoom and shutter with a 2 axis stabilized mounting system.

    · Thermal FLIR (Forward Looking Infra-Red) Camera with Remote Controlled Tilt
         & onboard digital video recorder

    · Low Light Video Camera with Remote Controlled Tilt & onboard digital video
         recorder

    · Note: The Digital Still camera and the FLIR Camera (Quark 320 model) can be
         ordered to allow for a dual mounting system to provide live video switching on
         demand remotely between regular video and IR video.
Maintenance
Maintenance

The Draganflyer series aircraft feature a direct drive system requiring minimal
maintenance as compared to a tradition style helicopter with servo linkages, gears, drive
shafts, clutch, rotor head, swash plate, tail rotor and pitch change mechanisms.

However, as the pilot in command, in addition to the health of your batteries, you are
responsible for the mechanical integrity of the aircraft, so it's a good idea to inspect the
aircraft on a regular basis for any wear or damage. Should any component on the
helicopter or support equipment show signs of fatigue or damage, immediately
discontinue use until the component has been properly repaired or replaced.

To help ensure safe operation and keep your Draganflyer running at its best we
recommend that you inspect or service the aircraft at the following intervals listed below.

Every Flying Session:

          · Inspect folding mechanisms and all joints for damage or wear
          · Inspect motors for rough motion
          · Inspect all props and prop quick release clips for damage
          · Inspect batteries for damage or puffing
          · Inspect payload quick release attach points and spring loaded connections
          · Check to ensure the handheld controller is recording a log file
          · Clean all components with a soft damp cloth or compressed air

Every 3 months:

          · Check for software or configuration updates
          · Check mounting bolts on rotor mounts to ensure they are tight
          · Perform a motor test and inspect for rough sounding motors
          · Cycle flight batteries
          · Inspect canopy mounting latch and slot for tears or cracks

Every Year or 300 flight hours:
Please contact Draganfly Innovations Customer Service Department for assistance with
the following service requirements.

          · Inspect and clean all electrical connections
          · Inspect all crimps and solder connections on movable components
          · Inspect all moveable components for wear
          · Recalibration of magnetometer and main circuit board
          · Inspect motor assemblies and replace all that are worn
          · Inspect all fasteners, linkages and joints
          · Inspect all rubber mounting brackets
          · Cycle and test flight batteries
          · Cycle and test hand held controller or GCS battery
          · Cycle and test base station battery
          · Check for software or configuration updates

Every 600 flight hours:
Congratulations for hitting the 600 hour mark. Please contact Draganfly Innovations
Customer Service Department for assistance to overhaul or replace all motor
assemblies.
Firmware updates

Firmware is the software running onboard the helicopter autopilot system or the
software running on the handheld controller. At Draganfly we're always working to
improve the flight characteristics of our systems or when possible, to bring new systems
functionality to our customers. These improvements are accomplished sometimes by
new hardware or most often, changes or improvements to the system software.

Just like your computer at home, you should never perform a "software update" unless
you have a good idea of "what's new" or what will change as a result of the software
update.

At Draganfly, before releasing a new firmware update to our customers the software is
tested first on simulator systems, then tested extensively in the field under different
environmental conditions by several "beta testers" before making it available to our
customers.

The following details the firmware update process for the:

          · Standard Handheld Controller (HHC)
          · Handheld Ground Control System (GCS)
          · Draganflyer X4
          · Draganflyer X6
          · Draganflyer X4-P and ES systems

Before any upgrade:

To get started you'll need to get the new Draganfly Firmware and that can be
accomplished any number of ways. The software might be sent to you on a memory
stick, it might be something you get in an e-mail or you might download it from the
Draganfly Support Base WEBsite. To accomplish the upgrade you'll need one or more of
the items detailed below:
          · Computer with Internet connection
          · Formatted 1Gb micro SD memory card
          · Freshly charged batteries for either the controller or helicopter

Upgrading the standard handheld controller (HHC):

To get started either delete existing files or reformat the 1Gb micro SD memory card.
With a clean memory card, download or copy the new upgrade firmware software to the
1Gb Micro SD memory card. Double check to make sure the new update file is on the
card and then properly eject it from your computer.

The HHC update file is typically called: TXboot.fx6

The system update file contains an "auto-loader" program that will be executed when
the system is powered up but... we need to force the HHC to read the file. And to do this
please:

          · remove the flight log file SD memory card from the HHC

          · insert the SD memory card with the firmware update file in the HHC

          · as illustrated on the next page, press and hold the "yaw trim" and "roll trim"
              switches to the "center" of the HHC. It's more like a pinch and hold grip on
              them

          · as you're holding the trim tabs, power-on the HHC

          · hold the trim tabs until you see the code start loading on the display and then
              release

          · after loading the new updated firmware the HHC will reboot

          · you can check the new firmware version number on the HHC config screen

          · power-off the HHC and reinstall the "log file" SD memory card
Pinch the "yaw" and "roll" trim  Remove the "log file" SD
tabs towards each other before   memory card and insert the SD
powering on the HHC to load the  card containing the new
new systems firmware             firmware file

                                                                   While pinching the yaw and roll trim tabs
                                                                   power on the HHC. After code starts
                                                                   loading you can release the trim tabs.
                                                                   After loading the new firmware the system
                                                                   will reboot.

                                 HHC Firmware Upgrade Diagram
Upgrading the handheld Ground Control System (GCS):

Because the handheld Ground Control System (GCS) is a full blown computer the
process is considerably different and in many cases much more straight forward. The
GCS is actually comprised of two computers operating side-by-side to "present" the
information and to "control" the aircraft.

Periodically the GCS will get new "software" updates for the presentation computer and
new "firmware" updates for the flight controller. As a user of the system, this is all
accomplished through a single "system upgrade".

To upgrade a GCS all that's required is an Internet connection either via a wired, or
wireless ethernet.

To get started power-on the                 P1 ---- Set Clear ----
GCS and connect to either a                 P2 ---- Set Clear ----
wired ethernet connection or                P3 ---- Set Clear ----
the wireless access to the                  P4 ---- Set Clear ----
Internet.                                   P5 ---- Set Clear ----

Keep in mind that if you select a           Open Mission  Clear All     Save Mission
new wireless network, after the
upgrade process you'll need to              Flight time: 00:00     AGL: 0m
reconnect back to the Draganfly                Heading: 0       Speed: 0m/s
video network before you will                 Distance: 0m
receive video again.                                                  Solo

                                            00:00:00 Software build hash number              GCS  Aircraft  Link  GPS/SV  PDOP
                                            00:00:00 DraganView Software Version Number
                                                                                         N

                                                                                         WE

                                                                                         S

                                                          Scanning ...                   System Utilities
                                                                                            Disconnect 15.9 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0

Once powered on and                         Handheld Ground Control System (GCS)

connected to the Internet

navigate to the System Utility Screens and

select the "controller" screen. From there please run through these steps to check for

updates and load:

· select "upgrade"

· in the upper right screen select "check"
          · at this point the GCS will connect through the Internet to the Draganfly
              Servers and "check" for the latest software updates for the GCS. If a new
              update is found, it will be listed

          · select the upgrade file and "update" the GCS

          · update status will be indicated as the GCS copies and loads the new
              software. Once completed the GCS will reboot itself

          · check the new software version by returning to the system utility, controller
              screen and hovering your GCS mouse over the "controller identity" located in
              the upper left window. Hovering over identity will pop-up the status in the
              upper right window.

          · upgrade is complete

          · if you used a wireless network to upgrade your GCS, you will need to
              reconnect with the Draganfly network the next time the helicopter is powered
              up to restore the video down-link network so you can do that now, or
              remember it needs to be done the next time you fly.

Helicopter firmware upgrades:

The process to update firmware on the various aircraft is exactly the same, no matter
what the aircraft. The only difference between them is the physical location of the SD
memory card socket and the switches. The following is a general description of the
process and to see the exact location of the switches and SD memory card locations
refer to the aircraft diagrams that follow.

To get started either delete existing files or reformat a 1Gb micro SD memory card. With
a clean memory card, download or copy the new aircraft upgrade firmware to the 1Gb
Micro SD memory card. Double check to make sure the new update file is on the card
and then properly eject it from your computer.

The aircraft update file is typically called: boot.fx6

Just like the HHC, the aircraft update file contains an "auto-loader" program that will be
executed when the helicopter is powered up but... we need to force the helicopter to
read the file on power-up. To get all this going please:
          · if you have an SD memory card in the aircraft, remove it

          · install the SD memory card containing the new firmware in the aircraft

          · install and plug in the helicopter flight battery

          · locate and press/hold the S1 switch on the helicopter

          · with S1 depressed, power-on the aircraft

          · S1 forces the helicopter to read the SD memory card and begin loading the
              new firmware. As the firmware is being loaded the navigation LEDs will blink
              in an erratic fashion. Hold the S1 switch until the new firmware is loaded,
              indicated by a normal navigation LED blink pattern. When you see a normal
              blink pattern it's okay to release the S1 switch.

          · connect to the aircraft with your HHC or GCS to read and confirm the new
              helicopter firmware version number

          · power-down the system

          · unplug the helicopter battery

          · remove the update SD memory card

          · reinstall the original helicopter SD memory card that's normally in the aircraft
              to record system flight data and error logs

SD memory card and switch locations for the different aircraft:

Draganflyer X4

Remove the canopy and you'll see two different PC boards. The power distribution
board is located on the bottom and the autopilot/main control board is located above it.
As illustrated the SD memory card socket is located on the bottom side of the power
distribution board near the left, front, boom.

The S1 switch is located on the top autopilot board right next to the Xbee module and
as you know, the power on/off switch is located under the main board at the rear of the
aircraft.
It takes two hands to do this, but in some respects it's easier than the other helicopters.
The diagram on the next page explains where everything is located.

                                                                 SD memory card slot is located
                                                                 under the main board in this
                                                                 location

The S1 switch is near the Xbee                                        Right front boom
module and is depressed and
held before powering up the                                Autopilot / main control
aircraft to load new firmware                              board

                                                                        Power distribution
                                                                        board

Aircraft main power switch is located
under the power distribution board at rear
of aircraft

                                    Draganflyer X4 Canopy
                                       removed Top View
Draganflyer X6

Remove the canopy and you'll see a printed circuit board along the back end of the
helicopter deck plate. The PC board holds the power on/off switch, S1 switch and SD
memory card holder.

The S1 switch is located next to the red power
on/off switch.

It takes two hands to do this and some                                     Main deck plate

people find it easier to

use a plastic pen tool or  Helicopter battery
pointer of some kind to    pack

depress and hold the S1

button.

Draganflyer X4-P, ES and X8                    S1                                                            Right boom
                                               switch
Illustrated on the next page, remove                                                         SD memory card slot
the canopy and you'll see two buttons                                      Helicopter power
at the rear of the deck plate.                                             on/off switch

The S1 switch is located to the left of the
red power on/off switch.

It takes two hands to do this and some
people find it easier to use a plastic pen
tool or pointer of some kind to depress and
hold the S1 button as you reach under the
helicopter to power it on.

                                                           Draganflyer X6
                                                       Canopy removed Top

                                                                  View
                    Helicopter battery pack                                       Right front boom
                                                                                          Main deck plate
SD memory card slot
located under the deck
plate of the aircraft

                                             S1 switch

                                                        Helicopter power on/off
                                                        switch located below the
                                                        deck plate

                                             Draganflyer X4-P, X4-ES and X8
                                                Canopy removed Top View
Helicopter configuration file upgrades:

The configuration file, contains the helicopter tuning parameters. Helicopter
configuration files are different between all airframes and as you might expect, when
improvements are made to the aircraft, new helicopter tuning "config files" will be made
available.

Updating the helicopter configuration file is an easy and straight forward process that
can be implemented in one of two ways. You can update using an SD memory card or if
you prefer, use the USB wireless dongle and the DF X6 Control program.

SD memory card update process:

          · Insert an SD memory card into the helicopter.

          · Within 5 seconds of powering on the helicopter, depress the S1 switch.

          · The helicopter will create a backup file called "BACKUP.DFD".

          · During the backup process, the aircraft navigation LEDs will blink fast. After
              they stop, power off the aircraft.

          · Remove the SD memory card.

          · Copy the new configuration file you either downloaded or received from
              Draganfly to the SD card.

          · While the SD card is plugged into your computer, copy the BACKUP.DFD file
              you just created to a nice safe place on your computer system.

          · Insert the SD memory card into the helicopter.

          · Within 5 seconds of powering on the helicopter, depress the S1 switch.

          · During the update process, the aircraft navigation LEDs will blink fast. After
              they stop, power off the aircraft and the the software update is complete.

          · You are ready to fly
USB wireless dongle update process:

          · keep in mind that before updating your current helicopter configuration it's
              always a good idea to create a backup of the current aircraft settings.

          · you will receive new helicopter config files from Draganfly via e-mail or you'll
              download the files from the Draganfly Support Base WEBsite.

          · to begin, setup your computer and connect the blue USB telemetry
              communications adapter.

          · after powering on the computer and letting it boot, launch the DF X6 Control
              program and select the "configuration" tab.

          · power on the aircraft.

          · The DF X6 Control program, will automatically establish a wireless connection
              to the aircraft.

          · from within DF X6 Control, download and save the current aircraft
              configuration file to a named folder. For example a folder called "DF Old
              Config". With this step completed continue to update the aircraft.

          · Download the new config file to your computer and save it in a named folder.
              For example create a folder called "DF Config Updates".

          · using the DF X6 Control program, selct the new configuration file to upload to
              the aircraft.

          · select the "all wind conditions" and the "all payloads" radio buttons.

          · Confirm that you have selected the correct file and that you have the radio
              buttons selected.

          · select "upload" to update the aircraft. When completed the program will
              indicate "success".

          · power-off the aircraft.
Motor testing:

To conduct a motor test it is very important to REMOVE THE PROPS from the aircraft.
Only after removing the props should you consider executing a motor test because the
computer will run up/down the motors to test their performance. If you do not remove
the props there is a serious risk of both damage to the aircraft and personal injury.

To execute a motor test:

          · remove all props from the helicopter.

          · install a fully charged helicopter flight battery.

          · power-on the helicopter.

          · power-on your HHC or your GCS controller.

          · power on your computer.

          · connect the blue USB telemetry communications adapter to your computer.

          · launch the DF X6 Control program.

          · The DF X6 program will automatically connect to the aircraft.

          · select the "diagnostics" tab.

          · with the props removed, arm the aircraft with your HHC or the GCS.

          · select the "start button" to begin the motor test.

          · each motor can be run independently using the control sliders.

          · slowly increase each slider to 25% and the reduce to zero.

          · any motors that do not run, or run roughly should be replaced.

          · after completing the test power-off the helicopter, power-off the HHC or GCS
              and shutdown your computer.
Motor replacement:

It is very important to understand the motors are set-up to run in the specific boom. For
example, a motor that is in the right front boom can not be moved to any other boom
without changing the "motor ID settings" DIP switch. And the same is true when
installing a new motor; the motor DIP switch settings of the new motor must "match" the
DIP switch settings of the motor being replaced. Failure to set-up the motor correctly will
result in a crash.

To replace a motor please follow these instructions:

          · disconnect and remove the aircraft battery.

          · remove the prop.

          · remove the motor by removing the small "set screw" type screws around the
              outside edge of the motor pod. Some aircraft will use 5 screws while others
              may use 3.

          · with the screws removed, slowly and carefully remove the motor from the
              pod. Please avoid twisting the motor assembly. The motors are a snug fit but
              you must wiggle and pull straight up to remove them from the motor pod to
              avoid damaging motor wiring.

          · be aware there is either a wired cable connector or flex cable attached so
              remove it very slowly and carefully. Please note, the flex cable is very fragile
              so take extra care if your motor is connected with this type of cable.

          · the cable connectors in some aircraft are typically secured with a dab of
              adhesive. The adhesive can be either peeled away or carefully cut to remove
              the motor connector.

          · with the motor removed you will see a four position DIP switch located on the
              motor speed controller. Motors from the X4-P, X4-ES and X8 are very easy to
              see. Motors from the X6 have the speed controller on the inside of the pod
              motor housing so it requires looking through one of the holes, to read the
              switch settings.
· match the switch settings of the new motor, to the old motor. Check this, and
   double check this, to make sure the switch settings are the same before
   reassembling the helicopter.

· after assembly, remove all props from the aircraft and execute a motor test as
   described above. Please note the direction the new motor is spinning as
   another safety check to insure the switches were set properly.
Contact Information

Draganfly Innovations Inc.

Product support:

Phone: 1-800-979-9794
International: 1-306-955-9907
e-mail: support@draganfly.com

Sales information:             https://www.draganfly.com
Phone: 1-800-979-9794
International: 1-306-955-9907
Online: www.draganfly.com
e-mail: sales@draganfly.com

Mailing address:
Draganfly Innovations Inc.
2108 St. George Avenue
Saskatoon, SK S7M0K7
Canada

This product and manual are copyrighted by Draganfly Innovations Inc. with all rights
reserved. No part of this product or start-up guide shall be reproduced in any form
without the prior written consent or authorization of Draganfly Innovations Inc. No patent
liability is assumed with respect to the use of the product or information contained herein.

                                                Document Revision Level: v1.4
· SYSTEM FLIGHTS

                    Draganflyer Flight Logs

                                              Version 1.0
Introduction:

It's important to plan and log each flight. Flight pre-planning helps define special
conditions that will be encountered during the flight, aircraft configuration and any
special resources required.

After each flight please complete a post flight log detailing what transpired, battery
usage and anything unusual that happened. Well maintained log books are the sign of a
well run and strong air program.

This log book is the property of:

If found please                  Local contact numbers
return to:
                       FAA/TC:
Phone:           Local airport:
E-mail:           Local tower:
                  Fire & EMS:

                         Police:
              Draganflyer Helicopter Serial Number ________ Flight Plan

       Date                   Location             Flight Plan Number

 Estimated         Estimated            Maximum          Nature of Flight
Takeoff Time       Land Time             Altitude         Payload Type
                                         Student
Pilot              Spotter

Support Personnel

                   Restrictions or Special Instructions
              Draganflyer Helicopter Serial Number ________ Flight Log

     Date      Location                   Pilot     Flight Plan Number
Takeoff Time  Land Time               Total Flight  Flight Log Number

                                          Time        Agency Number
                                                                Accumulated Flight Time

Wind Speed Temperature Spotter                      Maximum Altitude

Weather Conditions                                  Payload Type

                   Purpose of Flight                                          Battery
Comments                                            Pack # Start Voltage: End Voltage:

              Include damage sustained, repairs made or required
