June 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11815
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1101

Mr. Jonathan Rupprecht
Counsel for Enviroskycam
324 Datura Street
Suite 200
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Dear Mr. Rupprecht:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Enviroskycam (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct environmental
monitoring and wildlife conservation.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Enviroskycam is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Enviroskycam is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                        Rupprecht Law P. A.

                           324 Datura Street, Suite 200 | West Palm Beach, FL 33401
                    P: (561) 222-6979 | E: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com | W: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

April 14, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and
         (5); 61.113(a); 61.315(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
         91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b).

                    PETITION FOR SUMMARY EXEMPTION

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Enviroskycam, operator of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) equipped to
conduct aerial imaging for environmental monitoring and wildlife conservation, hereby applies for an
exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its
small UAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or
as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

QUICK REFERENCE SUMMARY:

     Types of aircraft to be flown:
             o DJI Phantom 2 Vision + (previously granted in Exemption # 11313).

     The operations will be aerial imaging for environmental monitoring and wildlife conservation.
         (Exemption # 11259 was granted to allow environmental monitoring.)

     We already agree to all the restrictions listed in Exemption # 11259 which are listed below.
     The PIC is a commercial pilot who has 35 years of R/C building and flying experience.

Based upon the FAA's recent guidance, this petition is eligible for summary exemption and should be
granted immediately.
Enviroskycam requests that the publication and comment procedures be waived in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. § 11.87 which states:

    § 11.87 Are there circumstances in which FAA may decide not to publish a summary of my
    petition for exemption?
    The FAA may not publish a summary of your petition for exemption and request comments if
    you present or we find good cause why we should not delay action on your petition. The factors
    we consider in deciding not to request comment include:

         (a) Whether granting your petition would set a precedent.
         (b) Whether the relief requested is identical to exemptions granted previously.
         (c) Whether our delaying action on your petition would affect you adversely.
         (d) Whether you filed your petition in a timely manner.

         Corresponding to the above sub-sections, Enviroskycam has good cause to request the FAA to
waive the comment period and not delay action on the petition because:

    (a) Enviroskycam would not set any precedent. Enviroskycam agrees to the SAME exact
         limitations exact limitations as Exemption # 11259.

    (b) Enviroskycam agrees to the SAME exact limitations as Exemption # 11259.
    (c) Delaying the granting of this petition would adversely affect the public, the FAA, and

         Enviroskycam The public, as well as the FAA, would be better served by the FAA quickly
         granting this petition and thereby freeing up limited FAA resources and allowing FAA inspectors
         to dedicate their time and attention to much higher priorities. Moreover, Enviroskycam is
         adversely affected by the above listed regulations.
    (d) The petition has been filed in a timely manner.

                                                              2
Petitioner's contact info:

Enviroskycam
Attn: Gus Calderon
Phone: 760-519-1941
Address: 878 Hollyhock Court, Carlsbad, CA 92011

Rupprecht Law, P.A.
Attn: Jonathan Rupprecht
Phone: 561-222-6979
Email: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com
Address: 324 Datura Street, Suite 200, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

     14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) and (c)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 61.315(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.121
     14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(1) & (2)
     14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) & (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section

333(a) through (c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. This law directs the Secretary of

Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine

which types of UA do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national

security in light of the following:
     The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the UA in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and,

                                                              3
     Operation of the UA within visual line of sight of the operator (VLOS).1

         If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national
airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).2

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of
the Act that includes UAS's, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

         "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(b).

ABOUT THE PETITIONER

         Enviroskycam is an aerial imaging company that has been conducting commercial operations in
a Beechcraft Bonanza A-36 since 2006. Since the large size and high cruising speed of a fixed-wing
manned aircraft preclude sensitive environmental monitoring and related operations at a low altitude, the
applicant has acquired a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ that weighs less than 3 lbs. including payload in order
to conduct commercial operations with its UAS. Applicant has developed a confidential Flight
Operations & Procedures Manual (FOPM) and Aircraft Flight Manual (AFM) hereinafter referred to as
the "Operator's Manual." The pilot in command also has 35 years of experience building and flying
remote-controlled aircraft. Such operations will ensure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of
the national airspace system or the public."

1 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 at § 333(a).
2 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for exemptions

  under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it should be determined
  that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

                                                              4
OPERATING DOCUMENTS
         Enviroskycam will operate only within the limitations below and the limitations listed in the DJI

User's Manual, Flight Operations & Procedures Manual (FOPM), and Aircraft Flight Manual (AFM).
The FOPM and AFM are considered proprietary and will be submitted confidentially via email. If there
is a conflict between the documents, the limitations below from the previously granted exemption will
take precedence over any manual.
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein applies to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure.

         These limitations and conditions are identical to Exemption # 11259. except for the difference in
aircraft. Enviroskycam agrees to be bound when conducting commercial UA operations. The list of
limitations and conditions include the following:
1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + when

   weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
   require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.
2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not permitted.
3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The exemption
   holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine compliance with the 87 knot
   speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA
   operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.
4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL). Altitude
   must be reported in feet AGL.

                                                              5
5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires the
   PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on
   the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the visual line of
   sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement
   as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate
   verbally at all times; electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The
   PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of
   the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in
   accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are hereinafter
   referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be accessible during UAS
   operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
   conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
   the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator
   must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise
   its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
   and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
   operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment
   to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the
   basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for an amendment
   to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions
   arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
   characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight
   prior to conducting further operations under this exemption. Functional test flights may only be
   conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional

                                                              6
   test flight must be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and
   property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition
   for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is in a
     condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
     inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
     safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance
     has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection,
    and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
    recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman medical
    certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a
    territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC must also meet the flight review
    requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to safely
    operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
    including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons,
    vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a
    manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs
    and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely
    operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are
    permitted under the terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted

                                                              7
    during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all
    persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate
    the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.
15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations must
    be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules
    (SVFR) are not authorized.
16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as denoted in
    the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with an ARP, the center
    of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of
    agreement with that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the
    exemption holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
    the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
    cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a predetermined
    location within the private or controlled-access property.
19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
20. PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
    there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to operate after
    that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All operations shall
    be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption holder may apply for a new or
    amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the
    attached COA.

                                                              8
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
    registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N Number) markings in
    accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and any
    documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
    Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents must be made
    available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at all times.
25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,

    vehicles, and structures unless:
a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA

    and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
    remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
    protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner
    ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons; and
b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for operating
    closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
    those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.
The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating persons under
this exemption.
27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from
    the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property
    owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

                                                              9
28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
    operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration
    Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety
    Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS operations
must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
STATUTORY CRITERIA PROVIDED IN SECTION 333

         The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated
areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate and under the restrictions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without
the restrictions and conditions proposed.

         Since the UA fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an onboard pilot,
there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the
unmanned aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them. Given the size
of the unmanned aircraft, the FAA registration number will be displayed on the airframe in as large a
font as possible.
14 C.F.R. § 61.23(a) & (c): MEDICAL CERTIFICATES

         Exemption # 11221, # 11284, and many others have provided that a U.S. driver's license
could be used in lieu of the medical certificate.

                                                              10
14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) & (5): RECREATIONAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS & 14 C.F.R.
§ 61.315(a): SPORT PILOT LIMITATIONS.

         Exemption # 11221, # 11284, and many others have provided that the "PIC must hold either
an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate." Likewise,
Enviroskycam is also performing commercial UAS work and is asking for the same restrictions
which have been previously deemed to provide an equivalent level of safety as the burdensome
regulations.
14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMAND.

         Sub-sections 61.113(a) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is remotely controlled with no living thing on
board.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS.

         Exemption # 11313 previously determined that a DJI Phantom 2 Vision + should not be
required to have an airworthiness certificate based upon the authority of Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.

         Because of the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less
than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In
addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these small UAS
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

                                                              11
14 C.F.R. § 91.121: ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS
altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the user's manual.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 91.407 (a) (1); § 91.409 (a) (2); § 91.417(a) & (b): MAINTENANCE
INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"3 and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that these sections and
Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the
applicant. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UAS's are very limited in
size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time.
Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

3 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a).

                          12
CONCLUSION:
The operation of Enviroskycam using a small UAS, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted under the
proposed restrictions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of
the exemptions requested herein.
If I can be of any assistance to further expedite this petition, please do not hesitate to contact me at
(561)222-6979 or at my email jon@jrupprechtlaw.com
Sincerely yours,

                                                              13
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 1 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1101

                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                     FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                             CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION

ISSUED TO
Enviroskycam
324 Datura Street
Suite 200
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

   This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct
any operation pursuant to the authority of this certificate except in accordance with the standard and special
provisions contained in this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not
specifically waived by this certificate.
OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED
Operation of DJI Phantom 2 Vision + Unmanned Aircraft Systems at or below 200 feet Above Ground
Level (AGL) for the purpose of aerial data collection.

LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE
N/A

                                               STANDARD PROVISIONS
1. A copy of the application made for this certificate shall be attached and become a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or municipal official charged with the duty of enforcing
local laws or regulations.
3. The holder of this certificate shall be responsible for the strict observance of the terms and provisions
contained herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.
Note-This certificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically referred to
above. It does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                 SPECIAL PROVISIONS
Special Provisions are set forth and attached.
This certificate FAA-2015-1101-333E is effective from June 23, 2015 to June 30, 2017 and is subject to
cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters, AJV-115                /S/
            (Region)
                                     Jacqueline R. Jackson
         June 15, 2015                      (Signature)
            (Date)
                           Manager, UAS Tactical Operations Section
   FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)                   (Title)

                           Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                        Commercial Purposes March 2015
                           FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment    Page 2 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-1101

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

1. The approval of this COA is effective only with an approved FAA Grant of Exemption.

2. A copy of the COA including the special limitations must be immediately available to all
    operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
    conducted.

3. This authorization may be canceled at any time by the Administrator, the person
    authorized to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a
    specific operation. As a general rule, this authorization may be canceled when it is no
    longer required, there is an abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors
    develop. Failure to comply with the authorization is cause for cancellation. The operator
    will receive written notice of cancellation.

B. Safety of Flight.

1. The operator or pilot in command (PIC) is responsible for halting or canceling activity in
    the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in the air
    is in jeopardy, or if there is a failure to comply with the terms or conditions of this
    authorization.

See-and-Avoid

Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
for unmanned operations consistent with 14 CFR Part 91 §91.111, §91.113 and §91.115.

a. The pilot in command (PIC) is responsible:

    · To remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times,

    · For the safety of persons or property on the surface with respect to the UAS, and

    · For compliance with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115

b. UAS pilots will ensure there is a safe operating distance between aviation activities
and unmanned aircraft (UA) at all times.

c. Visual observers must be used at all times and maintain instantaneous communication
with the PIC.

d. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observer(s) are:

                                                     Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                  Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 3 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1101

             · Able to see the UA and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight, and

             · Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
                  activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently for the
                  PIC to exercise effective control of the UA to prevent the UA from creating a
                  collision hazard.

         e. Visual observer(s) must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions
         required to remain clear of conflicting traffic.

    2. Pilots are reminded to follow all federal regulations e.g. remain clear of all Temporary
         Flight Restrictions, as well as following the exemption granted for their operation.

    3. The operator or delegated representative must not operate in Prohibited Areas, Special
         Flight Rule Areas or, the Washington National Capital Region Flight Restricted Zone.
         Such areas are depicted on charts available at
         http://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/flight_info/aeronav/. Additionally, aircraft operators
         should beware of and avoid other areas identified in Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS)
         which restricts operations in proximity to Power Plants, Electric Substations, Dams,
         Wind Farms, Oil Refineries, Industrial Complexes, National Parks, The Disney Resorts,
         Stadiums, Emergency Services, the Washington DC Metro Flight Restricted Zone,
         Military or other Federal Facilities.

    4. All aircraft operated in accordance with this Certificate of Waiver/Authorization must be
         identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be) as large as practicable.

C. Reporting Requirements

    1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are
         required.

    2. The operator must submit the following information through
         mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov on a monthly basis:
         a. Name of Operator, Exemption number and Aircraft registration number

         b. UAS type and model

         c. All operating locations, to include location city/name and latitude/longitude

         d. Number of flights (per location, per aircraft)

         e. Total aircraft operational hours

         f. Takeoff or Landing damage

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1101

    g. Equipment malfunctions. Reportable malfunctions include, but are not limited to the
         following:
         (1) On-board flight control system
         (2) Navigation system
         (3) Powerplant failure in flight
         (4) Fuel system failure
         (5) Electrical system failure
         (6) Control station failure

3. The number and duration of lost link events (control, performance and health monitoring,
    or communications) per UA per flight.

D. Notice to Airmen (NOTAM).

    A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
    conducted. This requirement may be accomplished:

    a. Through the operator's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

    b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
         6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 24 hours prior to the
         operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
         require the:

         (1) Name and address of the pilot filing the NOTAM request

         (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

         (3) Time and nature of the activity.

         (4) Number of UAS flying in the operating area.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

  A. Coordination Requirements.

       1. Operators and UAS equipment must meet the requirements (communication,
            equipment and clearance) of the class of airspace they will operate in.

       2. Operator filing and the issuance of required distance (D) NOTAM, will serve as
            advance ATC facility notification of UAS operations in an area.

       3. Operator must cancel NOTAMs when UAS operations are completed or will not be
            conducted.

       4. Coordination and deconfliction between Military Training Routes (MTRs) is the
            operator's responsibility. When identifying an operational area the operator must

                                                              Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                            Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment            Page 5 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1101

evaluate whether an MTR will be affected. In the event the UAS operational area
overlaps (5 miles either side of centerline) an MTR, the operator will contact the
scheduling agency 24 hours in advance to coordinate and deconflict. Approval from
the scheduling agency is not required. Scheduling agencies are listed in the Area
Planning AP/1B Military Planning Routes North and South America, if unable to gain
access to AP/1B contact the FAA at email address
mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov with the IR/VR routes affected and the
FAA will provide the scheduling agency information. If prior coordination and
deconfliction does not take place 24 hours in advance, the operator must remain clear
of all MTRs.

B. Communication Requirements.

1. When operating in the vicinity of an airport without an operating control tower,
    announce your operations in accordance with the FAA Aeronautical Information
    Manual (AIM) 4-1-9 Traffic Advisory Practices at Airports without Operating Control
    Towers.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

Note: For all UAS requests not covered by the conditions listed below, the exemption
holder may apply for a new Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) at https://oeaaa.faa.gov/oeaaa/external/uas/portal.jsp

    This COA will allow small UAS (55 pounds or less) operations during daytime VFR
    conditions under the following conditions and limitations:

      (1) At or below 200 feet AGL; and

      (2) Beyond the following distances from the airport reference point (ARP) of a public use
           airport, heliport, gliderport, seaplane base and military airports listed in the
           Airport/Facility Directory, Alaska Supplement, or Pacific Chart Supplement of the
           U.S. Government Flight Information Publications.
               a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or

               b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instrument flight procedure, but not
                    having an operational control tower; or

               c) 2 NM from an airport not having a published instrument flight procedure or an
                    operational control tower; or

               d) 2 NM from a heliport, gliderport or seaplane base

D. Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

1. Lost Link/Lost Communications Procedures:

                                  Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                               Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 6 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1101

         · If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
             pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land.

         · The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

     2. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries defined in this COA must be reported to the FAA via email at
     mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
     to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the operator to resolve the matter. This COA does not
authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the scheduling agency. The
operator is hereby authorized to operate the small Unmanned Aircraft System in the National
Airspace System.

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
