August 03, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12276
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2112

Mr. Todd Wilson
Vice President, Field Services Organization
Ericsson Inc.
6300 Legacy Drive, Building Tejas
Plano, TX 75024

Dear Mr. Wilson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Ericsson Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and
visual surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Ericsson Inc. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Ericsson Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision Plus when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 25, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir or Madam:

Attached please find Ericsson Inc.'s ("Ericsson") request for an exemption from the listed
Federal Aviation Regulations to allow commercial operation of its Small Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("sUASs") to conduct aerial photography and visual surveys for various data
and telecommunication projects and installations as part of its service delivery to
mobile telecommunication operators.

On March 4, 2015, Ericsson Ireland, an affiliate of Ericsson, obtained from the Irish
Aviation Authority (IAA) in the Republic of Ireland a commercial license to execute the
same type of activities as referred to in this letter.

Also attached to this letter is the sUAS Flight Operations Manual ("Operations Manual"),
which outlines the operating requirements, limitations, and technical specifications for the
sUAS. This Operations Manual was developed in Ericsson Ireland as part of the
licensing requirements of the Government of Ireland but it has been modified and
adapted to the conditions for sUAS operations within FAA controlled territory.

Applicant submits the Operations Manual as confidential, proprietary information pursuant
to 14 CFR 11.35 (b). The Operations Manual contains operating conditions and
procedures that are not available to the public and are protected from release under the
Freedom of Information Act 5 USC 552 et. seq.

Thank you for your time and consideration, and please let us know if you have any
questions.

The following supporting documents have been attached:
1) Phantom 2 Vision Plus Pilot Training Guide
2) Phantom 2 Vision Plus User Manual
3) Phantom 2 Vision Plus Operations Manual
4) Flying Camera Project ­ Training Material

Sincerely,

______________________
Todd Wilson
Vice President, Field Services Organization
Ericsson Inc.

                                                                                                                   1
May 25, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 45.23 (b); 14 CFR
45.27 (a);
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103 (b); 91.105; 91.109;
91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
(2); 91.417 (a) & (b); 8900.227 §16 (c) (4) and §16 (e) (1)

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 CFR. Part 11, Ericsson Inc. ("Ericsson"), a provider of
telecommunications and data technology services, hereby applies for an exemption
from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of
its Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") for aerial photography and visual
surveys of telecom sites ("sites") in various projects as part of the service delivery, so
long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein
or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.
As detailed in this document and the attached Operations Manual, the requested
exemption would permit the operation of sUAS under controlled conditions in
airspace that is 1) limited, 2) predetermined, 3) controlled as to access, and 4) would
provide safety enhancements to the already best practices safety protocols followed
by Ericsson at each one of its sites. Approval of this exemption would thereby
enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the national airspace system." Section 333 (c) of the Reform Act.
The name and address of the applicant is:
Ericsson Inc.
6300 Legacy Drive
Building Tejas
Plano, Texas 75024
USA

                                                                                                                   2
Regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:

14 CFR Part 21
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 45.27 (a)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.105
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)
8900.227 §16 (c) (4) and §16 (e) (1)

I. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, including sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must
have a current airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of
this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C.
§44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711 (a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR 91.203 (a) (1).

Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUASs
may operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the
user, the public, or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the
Secretary must consider:

· The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

· Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator

· Whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from
       close proximity to airports

Reform Act §333 (a). If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333 (c).

Ericsson's sUASs are multirotor vehicles, weighting 10 lbs. or less including payload.
They operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have
the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. The sUASs will operate only in the pilot's and/or assistants visual line

                                                                                                                   3
of sight at all times and will operate within the restricted private areas as described in the
Flight Operations Manual, attached as Exhibit 1 (hereinafter "the Operations Manual")
Adherence to the Manual will insure that the sUASs will "not create a hazard to users
of the national airspace system or the public." Reform Act Section 333 (b).
Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted and sterile environment
within which they will operate, our application falls squarely within the zone of safety
(an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence immediately.

Also due to the small size of the sUASs and the low altitudes (less than 400 feet AGL)
and restricted private areas in which our sUASs will operate, approval of the
application presents no national security issue.
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained
in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding
the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly,
Ericsson respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay.

II. PUBLIC INTEREST

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of
Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate
safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332
of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of
allowing UAS to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk environments.

The use of sUASs on a site can significantly reduce the risk to workers of falls while
surveying, inspecting or monitoring site progress (e.g., some of the cell towers in the
United States are as tall as 300 feet). sUASs can inspect, photograph, and collect data
on hard to get to areas that otherwise would require worker inspection. Falls are the
leading source of workplace fatality and injury on construction sites1, and reducing
falls through sUAS use for site imaging could save workers lives.

Additionally, sUASs could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft to monitor
telecom sites. The sUASs we propose to fly in this application have a weight less than
10 pounds, and carry no combustible material on board, as opposed to the much
larger conventionally powered small aircraft. Shifting to sUASs from helicopters
presents a marked safety increase for our workers and the public.

Lastly, sUASs reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy
used for aerial imaging and data collection over a site. Our sUASs use rechargeable
lithium ion batteries, as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that
are many hundreds of times heavier.

1 "Commonly Used Statistics", Occupational Safety & Health Administration. Available at:
https://www.osha.gov/oshstats/commonstats.html

                                                                                                                   4
III. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Ericsson proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have
the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These
limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations
under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a
safety enhancement to the already safe protocols followed on data and
telecommunication sites and imaging and surveying operations conducted with
helicopters and other conventional aircraft.

Ericsson will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS operations
under an FAA issued exemption:

    1. Safety will be the first and foremost consideration in any sUAS operation.

    2. The MTOM weight of the sUAS will be less than 10 lbs.

    3. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS PlC.

    4. An observer will be utilized if the sUAS in any case will be flown outside line of
         sight for the pilot. Flights therefore always will be operated within line of sight of
         the pilot and/or an assistant at all times. The observer, if required and pilot will
         at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or text.

    5. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. The sUAS
         calculates battery reserve in real time. The sUAS has two levels of low battery
         capacity warning. The first appears when the battery has less than 30% power
         and the second appears when it has less than 15% power. The sUAS will return
         to its ground station with at least 15% battery power reserve should that occur
         prior to the 25 minute flight time.

    6. Flights will be operated normally at an altitude of 200 feet AGL, never exceeding
         400 feet AGL.

    7. Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible. If operation in
         other airspace is required, the relevant controlling agency will be notified at
         least 24 hours prior to the operation and, if required, any necessary permission
         obtained.

    8. Flights will be operated at daylight and under visibility and cloud clearance
         requirements equivalent to Visual Flight Rules (VFR).

    9. The sUAS will at all times give way to any aircraft carrying persons.

    10. Prior to a sUAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of
         operation will include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the sUAS will
         operate. Safety procedures will be established for persons, property and
         applicable airspace within the area of operation.

    11. Ericsson's sUAS aircraft will utilize GPS navigation, failsafe, automatic Return-
         To-Home (RTH) and/or flight abort safety features when appropriate for the
         operation.

    12. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to
         operation at each new location. All personnel who will be performing duties
         within the boundaries of the area of operation will be present for this briefing.

                                                                                                                   5
    13. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from appropriate state,
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         appropriate governmental agencies.

    14. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property owners will be
         obtained prior to an operation.

    15. The pilot will have been trained in operation of sUASs generally and received
         up-to-date information on the particular sUAS to be operated as required in the
         Operations Manual.

    16. The pilot must poses at least a second class medical certificate

    17. The sUAS pilot will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the sUAS to
         be operated. This will include operation of the sUAS both in normal and
         emergency modes of operation, and will include familiarization with the
         Operations Manual. Training will also include types of maneuvers to be
         performed and the safe operation in relation to persons, property and applicable
         airspace.

    18. The sUAS pilot will establish a working relationship with a representative at the
         local Flight Standards District Offices (FSDO) with which to annually review safety
         procedures and other operations to further enhance safety.

IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR 91.203 (a) (1)
Subpart II, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements
for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 91.203 (a) (1). Given
the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Ericsson, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The
Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and
proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In our particular case,
the sUASs are small, and will operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, far from
airports and in a low risk, low population environment. An analysis of these criteria
demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or
safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or helicopter) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 10 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a
pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and
operates exclusively within a secured area as set out in the Operations Manual. Like
other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and
monitored by the operator, pursuant to the Operations Manual's requirements, and
under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements, to
provide security for the area of operation as is currently done on active sites. The FAA
will have advance notice of all operations.

                                                                                                                   6
These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in
connection with sites, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates
issued under 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria
demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the sUAS,
due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive
materials or flammable liquid fuels, and ability to carry an external load no greater
than two lbs.

14 CFR 45.23 (b): Marking of the Aircraft and 14 CFR 45.27 (a): Location of
marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft

This regulation requires certain experimental, provisionally certificated aircraft, or light-
sport category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high
"limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each entrance
to a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station.

Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the sUAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on
which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch
lettering will be impossible.

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked with the
word "Experimental" will be placed one of the arms of the sUAS in compliance with
45.29 (f) and on both sides of the UAS in compliance with 45.27 (a) where the pilot,
observer and others working with the sUAS will see the identification of the sUAS as
"Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation:
Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
command

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because
the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve
the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the pilot operating
the aircraft to have completed a sUAS flight training course of at least 50 hours before
flying a sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the
sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing or cargo on board. The area of operation
is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as
set forth in the Operations Manual. The risks associated with the operation of the
sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the
sUAS as requested with a pilot who has met the minimum requirements stated in
chapter 2.2 of the Operations Manual exceeds the present level of safety achieved by
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b).

                                                                                                                   7
14 CFR 91.7 (a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining
airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the
Operations Manual for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to each flight,
an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard
requirements

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is
no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the Operations Manual at
the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access
to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 CFR 91.103: Preflight Action
This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to
ensure the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot
will take separate preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking
flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other
actions in the Preflight Checklist in the Manual. These actions will provide an equivalent
level of safety.

14 CFR 91.105: Flight crewmembers at stations
This regulation defines the obligations of the flight crewmembers during takeoff and
landing, and while en route. This part is not applicable due to the sUAS is not carrying
any flight crewmembers.

Ericsson will not operate the aircraft unless someone is at the controls at all times.
Each flight will be manual, with the exception when the sUAS goes into emergency
mode like return-to-home. This will achieve an equivalent level of safety to 14 CFR.
91.105, because the flight crew will be at their stations at all times during the flight. The
stations will not be on the aircraft but on the ground.

14 CFR 91.109: Flight Instruction
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned
free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
functioning dual controls.

                                                                                                                   8
By design, sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that
communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has previously
approved exemptions for aircraft without fully functional dual controls. See Exemption
Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a
pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to control the sUAS via
radio signals from the controller, and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 CFR 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119
(d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided
the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed
for helicopters by the FAA. This exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to
a helicopter, with vertical take-off and vertical landing, which will typically operate at
altitudes of 200 feet AGL, so an exemption, may be needed to allow such
operations. The sUAS will never operate at altitude higher than 400 feet AGL and will
be in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be
exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. See Manual for detailed
procedures.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the
sUAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the
permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to
the property owner and any onsite personnel as outlined in the Manual, all affected
individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight
operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 10 lbs.
proposed herein and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with our operations is
far less than those presently presented with helicopters and other conventional aircraft
operating at or below 500 feet AGL in the construction industry. In addition, the low-
altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these sUAS
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section
91.119.

14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the
Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the
GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions.
Our sUAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments as outlined in the

                                                                                                                   9
Manual, and has a limited range and flight time which require an exemption from 14 CFR
91.151 (a).

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 25 minutes of powered flight. To
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR 91.151, sUAS flights would not
be possible to perform. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area
and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time
frame for flight in daylight is reasonable.

Ericsson believes that an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151 (a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. See Exemption 11191 (allowing Singer's Creation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)).

Operating the sUAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property
owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less
than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151
(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS.

The sUAS calculates battery reserve in real time. The sUAS has two levels of low
battery capacity warning that are presented on the monitoring system. The first appears
when the battery has less than 30% power and the second appears when it has less
than 15% power. The sUAS will return to its ground station with at least 15% battery
power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute flight time.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 20 minutes, or enough
battery reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 15%
of battery power (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the pilot),
whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the
sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions
2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808 and 11191.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration

The regulation provides in part:

(a) Except as provided in 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under 91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 10 lbs. and is operated without an onboard
pilot. Therefore there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration
documents or to display them on the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground flight control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access
to them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous

                                                                                                                 10
exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance
inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain
the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to Ericsson. Maintenance will be accomplished
by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in
the Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUASs are
very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for
limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the sUAS can land immediately and
will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the
operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform
required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

8900.227 Paragraph 16 (c) (4) PIC Medical. and Paragraph 16 (e) (1) Observer
Medical.
This policy provides that both the PIC and observer must have a valid FAA second-
class medical certificate issued under part 67 in order to perform as a pilot or observer.
Requiring the crew to meet the same medical requirements as commercial pilot
carrying passengers in a large aircraft is an unnecessary burden. We propose that the
minimum medical requirements be vision corrected to 20/20 and a valid, state-issued
driver's license. The risk of both the PIC and observer becoming incapacitated at the
same time and suddenly is very low. Further, since the sUAS is operating close to the
ground, it could be brought in for landing in a very short time if incapacitation was
suspected. Finally, most sUAS's are equipped with an automatic return to home feature
which would provide a final level of safety. We feel this would provide an equivalent
level of safety.

Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:
Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:14 CFR 21, subpart H; 14 CFR
45.23 (b); 45.27 (a);14 CFR 61.113( a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103 (b);
91.105; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a);91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1);
91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) & 91.417 (a) & (b); 8900.227 §16 (c) (4) and §16 (e) (1) to
operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) in various data and
telecommunication projects and installations as part of the service delivery,

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the data and
telecommunication industry enhances safety while reducing risk. Manned aircraft
monitoring and surveying creates a greater risk because the craft are much larger,
have combustible fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In contrast, a sUAS weighing

                                                                                                                 11
fewer than 10 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given
the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS will
carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.
The operation of sUASs, weighting less than 10 lbs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from
the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight
aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and,
as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine
helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.
Privacy
All flights will occur over controlled access private property with the private property
owner's prior consent and knowledge. Images taken may include individuals who
have also given consent to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area
where aerial photography will take place.
Summary
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and
operation within visual line of sight and national security -- provide more than adequate ·
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of
applicant's sUASs in the telecom and data technology services industry pursuant to
the Operations Manual appended hereto.
Sincerely,

____________________
Todd Wilson
Vice President, Field Services Organization
Ericsson Inc.

                                                                                                                 12
