August 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12595
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2413

Mr. Ernest Conover
dba Down to Earth Aerial Videography
1408 North James Street
Rome, NY 13440

Dear Mr. Conover:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Mr. Ernest Conover dba Down to Earth Aerial Videography (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, videography, mapping, and surveying for real
estate, advertising, marketing, and insurance purposes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision +.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Ernest Conover dba Down to Earth Aerial
Videography is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Ernest Conover dba Down to Earth Aerial Videography is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
       Down to Earth Aerial Videography

April 25, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography
1408 North James St.
Rome, New York 13440
Phone: (315)709.9080
Fax: (315)337.1696
Email: butchconover@yahoo.com
Re: Exemption Request for Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography. Under
Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federation Aviation Regulations.
Dear Sir or Madam:
Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography, seeks exemption from several
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR's) in accordance with Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act and 14 C.F.R. Part 11of 2012.This exemption will permit
Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography to operate an Unmanned Aircraft
System (UAS) for commercial purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the National
Airspace System.

   ___________________________________

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 1
                              Exemptions requested

14 C.F.R. Part 21; Subpart H
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.121 (a);
14 C.F.R. 91.151 (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a)(1)
14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a)(1) & (a)(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.417 (a) & (b)

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 2
Table of Contents

Exemptions Requested.....................................................................2
Summary....................................................................................4
Glossary of Abbreviations................................................................5
The Unmanned Aircraft System.........................................................6
The Unmanned Aircraft PIC.............................................................7
The Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft.............................................7
Benefit to the Public as a Whole........................................................9
Rules that Need Exemption..............................................................10
The Extent of Relief.....................................................................14
Phantom 2 Vision+ Preflight Mission Checklist.....................................21
A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Registry........................22
Phantom 2 Vision+ Specifications....................................................26

Appendix A  Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual.........................28
Appendix B  Phantom 2 Vision + Pilot Training Guide................28
Appendix C  Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines...................28

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition            Page 3
                                            Summary

Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography, seeks these exemptions in order to
operate a UAS DJI Phantom 2 Vision + safely for commercial hire to collect photographs and
video for the purpose of mapping that will be utilized in (Geographic Information Systems) GIS
and (Computer Aided Design) CAD platforms. This imagery will be used to create Ortho-
Mosaics and further develop (Digital Surface Model) DSM, (Digital Terrain Model) DTM or
(Digital Elevation Model) DEM. Photographs and video will also be taken for several purposes
listed below and to advance business economic growth in the community.

              Resorts and Recreational areas
              Land Development GIS & CAD (DTM,DEM,DSM, Ortho-Mosaics)
              Real Estate (Photographing & Videotaping)
              Advertising and Marketing
              Aerial Inspections
              Insurance Claims

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 4
      Glossary of Abbreviations

AGL   Above Ground Level
ATC   Air Traffic Control
CAD   Computer Aided Design
DEM   Digital Elevation Model
DSM   Digital Surface Model
DTM`  Digital Terrain Model
FPV   First Person View
GCS   Ground Control Station
GIS   Geographic Information System
GPS   Global Positioning System
IMU   Inertia Measuring Unit
NAS   National Airspace System
PIC   Pilot in Command
RTH   Return to Home
UA    Unmanned Aircraft
UAS   Unmanned Aircraft System
VLOS  Visual Line of Sight
VTOL  Vertical Takeoff & Landing

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 5
The Unmanned Aircraft System

         Down to Earth Aerial Videography is committed to operating a small UAS safely,
protecting the environment, and minimizing the risk to the NAS, persons and property on
the ground. The UA that I will be operating is a DJI Phantom2 Vision+, Serial #
PH645475246, a small ultra light UA weighing just less than 3 pounds. The maximum
flight time of the Phantom 2 Vision+ is approximately 25 minutes, although flights will
be limited to 20 minutes from takeoff to first point of landing, leaving 5 minutes in
reserve. The GPS enabled UA stabilizes the quad-rotor when the compass is properly
calibrated and six plus satellites are available. It is important to note that no take-off
procedure will be implemented unless at least six satellites are available. The compass
reads geomagnetic information, assists the GPS to accurately calculate the position and
height of the UA, and has an Inertia Measuring Unit ("IMU") built-in that measures both
attitude and altitude. The Phantom2 Vision+ is a quad rotor measuring 12"W x 12" L x
7" H, driven by a lithium polymer battery and is equipped with a 3-axial gimbal and a 14
megapixel 1080p camera capable of geo-referenced photographs and video. For each
mission scheduled and practice runs, the Phantom2 Vision+ UAS will be checked
against the most current software update and visually checked by the PIC to ensure that
the UAS is safe for flight and weather permitting. Additional flight maintenance and
inspection information is also available in the Phantom2 Vision+ User Manual submitted
with this application. Before each flight, a Phantom2 Vision+ Pre-flight "Mission
Checklist " will be performed to ensure that each flight is consistent and all safety
measures are in place.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 6
         The 14 megapixel 1080p video camera will be transmitting a 2.4 MHz Wi-Fi
signal to an Iphone or tablet running Ground Control Station "GCS" Phantom2 Vision+
applications. The controller that communicates with the Phantom2 Vision + operates on a
5.8 GHz band and is FCC compliant

The Unmanned Aircraft PIC

         I, Ernest Conover, d/b/a Down to Earth Aerial Videography will be the only PIC
directly responsible for the safe operations of the UAS and will be in Visual Line Of
Sight "VLOS" at all times and will fly during daylight hours only. A Phantom Pilot
Training Manual has been submitted and completed by myself to ensure proper operation
of the UAS. I have been a hobbyist aircraft operator for about two years, have logged in
30+ hours of flight time and I am versed in the operations and the safety aspect of the
sport. With respect to the operations of a quad-rotor, approximately 15 hours of flight
time on the Phantom 2 Vision+ and similar DJI Phantom FC-40 UA have been logged in,
maneuvering in lower elevations and around obstacles for more precision and safer
flights.

The Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft

         Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography, seeks these
exemptions in order to operate a small UAS DJI Phantom 2 Vision + safely for
commercial hire to collect photographs and video for the purpose of mapping that will be
utilized in (Geographic Information Systems) GIS and (Computer Aided Design) CAD
platforms. This imagery will be used to create Ortho-Mosaics and further develop
(Digital Surface Model) DSM, (Digital Terrain Model) DTM or (Digital Elevation
Model) DEM. Photographs and video will be taken to spur Economic & Community

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 7
Development of Resorts and Recreational Areas and safer inspections for Insurance

Claims where adjusters may be exposed to dangerous situations.

         A maximum height of 200 feet will be set through the use of DJI Naza software

that uploads to the UA and prevents the Phantom from exceeding the elevation setting.

Most flights will be operating in the recommended vertical range of 150 feet Above

Ground Level "AGL" for the purpose of taking overlapping photos that will be used in

photogrammetry and the development of Ortho-Mosaics, DEM, DTM and DSM. The

maximum speed of the Phantom 2 Vision+ is 30 knots. For purposes of photogrammetry

and most flights, the UA will be operating around 10 knots in horizontal flight.

         For safety purposes, the UAS is equipped with "Failsafe Mode" that allows the

"Return to Home" hover 66 feet and land at the point off takeoff when either of the

conditions are present:

         (1) The remote control is powered off
         (2) The Phantom has flown out of effective remote control range
         (3) The signal between the Phantom has been blocked
         (4) There is interference causing a signal problem with the remote control

The small ultra light UA will always fly in Visual Line Of Sight (VLOS), during daylight
hour's and stays certain distances away from airports or heliports as described below:

                      5 Nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational or
                          control tower;

                      3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure,
                          but not an

                      operational tower; or
                      2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure

                          or an
                      operational tower; or
                      2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure

   The DJI Naza software will be used to keep the UAS updated for peak performance and

   reliability. As Naza software updates become available, I will be updating the Phantom 2

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 8
Vision+ flight system and performing inspections of the UAS to ensure that it is in good
condition for safe flight. Prop guards will be a top priority and examined thoroughly to
ensure no cracks have developed. I will do minor repairs and if needed, advanced repairs
will be done by a certified DJI Certified Repair Station. All maintenance and repairs will
be documented in hard copy and backed up in digital format. A higher level of safety
with additional information concerning the UAS operations, maintenance and
specifications may be obtained in the Phantom 2 Vision+ manual which is enclosed with
this application. A Phantom 2 Vision+ preflight checklist will be utilized prior to
operating the UAS. I am confident that the level of safety that I will present and the size
of the battery operated Phantom2 Vision+ would be far greater than a full sized aircraft
carrying a minimum of one pilot and large amounts of fuel flying over populated areas in
the NAS.

Benefit to the Public as a whole

         I am currently a member of the New York State Geographic Information System
Association "NYSGIS" dedicated to collecting geospatial data from our surroundings. A
great emphasis has been put forth processing elevation information for the development
of Digital Terrain Models, Digital Elevation Models and Ortho-mosaics to better
understand the "Lay of the Land". This information can be used to identify several
aspects of impervious surfaces and how they affect precipitation runoff into our
collection systems or the lack of. This not only helps the community with flood events
but also helps FEMA in their data collection of information in crucial areas.

         In the past, the only way to collect large areas of elevation information in remote
areas was to hire an aircraft with very sophisticated and expensive equipment. This in

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 9
         turn cost a great deal to communities and in most cases, was not affordable. With the use
         of a small unmanned aircraft collecting photographs and used in photogrammetry, this
         not only becomes affordable, but also makes the skies safer without the use of full size
         aircraft flying over communities, carrying large amounts of flammable fuel, endangering
         pilot and passengers onboard and emitting exhaust fumes into our NAS. In addition, the
         use of an UAS for the purpose of aerial inspections, advertising and marketing, real estate
         aerial photography and videography has made it affordable to smaller businesses that
         would not be able to afford these services in the past with conventional aircraft. This will
         spur Economic and Community Development.

         Rules that need exemption
14 C.F.R. Part 21; Subpart H

         Airworthiness Certificates sets forth requirements for the procurement of necessary
         airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR 91.203(2a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed
         operation area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets and
         exceeds an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The
         FAA is authorized to exempt UA from the airworthiness certificate required under both
         the Act (49 U.S.C 44701 (f) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
         legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate
         requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to
         areas such as airports and dense population. My UAS meets and/or exceeds each of the
         limits as set forth.

§45.23 Display of marks.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 10
      (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the Roman
      capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number
      of the aircraft .Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital

      (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
      displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
      provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
      entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than
      6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
      "provisional," as applicable.

§61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

      (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a
         private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
         passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation
         or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
         in connection with any business or employment if:

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

§91.7 Civil aircraft airworthiness.

      4. No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

§91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

      Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
         following altitudes:

      I Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
         open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 11
§91.121 Altimeter settings.

      (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

      (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

      (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
         miles of the aircraft;

      (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the
         current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

      (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure
         airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

§91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

      (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

      (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
         minutes.

§91.203 Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

      (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has with it
                                                  the following:

      (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S. airworthiness certificate
             used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit, a copy of the

           applicable operations specifications issued under §21.197I of this chapter, appropriate
         sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing

           that portion of the operations specifications issued under §21.197I, or an authorization
         under §91.611) must have on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 12
         47 of this chapter. However, the airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned
        special identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the
         aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special identification
         number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon application to an

                                    FAA Flight Standards district office.

§91.405 Maintenance required.

      Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

      4. Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
                  between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this

                section,have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration.

      (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
      maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

      (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §43.7 of this
      chapter; and

§91.409 Inspections.

      (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

      (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21
         of this chapter.

§91.417 Maintenance records.

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each
                   registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
                   specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 13
Extent of Relief

The Extent Of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
And The Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks The
Relief From Section 45.23.

      4. When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
                displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
                provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
                near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
                inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
                "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         The Phantom2 Vision+ is a small UA measuring 12"X 12" and cannot carry passengers,

does not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station to display the required 2" Roman numerals

described in Section 45.23. Because of this, Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to earth Aerial

Videography is asking exemption from this rule. I would however be willing to display the 2"

registration numbers on weather resistant material at the site of take-off to alert anyone that the

UA is registered with the FAA.

1. The Extent Of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
And The Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks The
Relief From Section 61.113 (a) & (b).

       (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a
         private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
          passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation
                               or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

       (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in
                             connection with any business or employment if:

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 14
         Relief from Section 61.113(a) & (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot
         in command, is requested to allow Ernest Conover acting PIC to conduct the proposed
         UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.
         Relief is being requested because (1) The flight is incidental to that business or
         employment; and (2) the aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation
         or hire. Further, Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography states that all
         flights of the Phanton 2 Vision+ UAS, conducted following the granting of this petition
         (1) will be incidental to Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography;
         and(2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
2. The Extent of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
and the Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks the Relief
from Section 91.7

§91.7 Civil aircraft airworthiness.

                      (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
                     (b) The pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that

                         aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall discontinue the flight
                       when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

    As stated in Section 91.7(b) the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
    determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight. The pilot in command shall
    discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions
    occur.

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) is requested to the extent that Ernest Conover, d/b/a Down to
    Earth Aerial Videography be allowed to determine that the Phantom 2 Vision+ is in
    airworthy condition prior to every pre-flight procedure listed below.

              Update the DJI Naza software to the UAS prior to flight

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 15
 Full inspection of the UAS

 Review the Phantom 2 Vision+ Pre-Flight Check List

Day before Mission- (1)Log onto Aviationweather.gov-Check weather
                                             conditions for mission day.

                            (2)Meet onsite to discuss flight procedure
                            (3)Check all batteries for proper charge

                                    (a.) Phantom LiPo batteries
                                    (b.)Controller
                                    (c.)Wi-Fi Transmitter/Receiver
                                    (d.) Iphone or Tablet
                           (4)Calibrate Controller connected to software
Day of Mission- (1) Log onto Aviationweather.gov-Check weather
                           conditions
                           ( 2) Toggle switches on controller ­Full Up
                           (3) Turn controller and Wi-Fi- On
                           (4) Remove gimbal lock and lens cap
                           (5) Micro SD card- Inserted
                            (6) Place UA in clear and safe launch and recovery
                           position if it Returns to Home
                           (7) Phantom-Battery On
                           (8) Load FPV software on Iphone/Tablet
                           (9) Wi-Fi connection-Verified
                            (10) Calibrate Compass
                           (11) Satellite connections- 6 or more-Verified
                           (12)Start video recording (Video only)
                           (13) Take off and hover approximately 10 feet above the
                           ground to confirm that UA is under control
                           (14) All sticks operate correctly while in hover ­Verified

            Pre-Landing  (1)Cameral-Full up
            Checklist    2) Video recording-Stop
                         (3) Landing zone- Clear/Safe
            Landing      (1) Motors-Off
                         (2) Phantom battery-Off
4. Wi-Fi- Off            (3 Controller-Off

This relief is requested because the Phantom 2 Vision+ does not require an

airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 16
Ernest Conover d/b/a Down to Earth Aerial Videography will ensure that the
Phantom 2 Vision+ is in airworthy condition in compliance with operating
documents prior to every flight, and determining that the UA is in condition for
safe flight.

3. The Extent of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
and the Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks the Relief
from Section 91.119 I

4. Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
            over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not

          be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

   Relief from Section 91.119 I states that except when necessary for takeoff or landing,
   no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

   Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will not fly the Phanton 2

   Vision+ higher than 200 feet and it will not be operated in populated or congested areas.

   Flights will not take place on unauthorized properties. This exemption is necessary

   because photography, photogrammetry, and videography must be performed at low

   altitudes including those less than 200 feet.

Flights at lower altitudes will be equally safe as those flown at higher altitudes given the
small size, weight, and speed of the Phantom 2 Vision+ in comparison. The Phantom will
operate as a survey and photography tool and is never used for transportation. The
Phantom2 Vision+ is tightly controlled during flights and does not carry any fuel. This
eliminates most of the risks associated with conventional aircraft. Flights at lower
altitudes also serve to distinguish the Phantom 2 Vision+ from conventional aircraft that
operate under Section 91.119 I.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 17
      4. The Extent Of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography

      Seeks And The Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography

      Seeks The Relief From Section 91.121 (a)

      Section 91.121 (a) states:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                           within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                           this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                           available station; or

                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of
                           the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                           departure.

         The Phantom 2 Vision+ does not have a radio to receive altimeter setting from a station

         along a flight route as described in Section 91.121 (a) (i) & (ii). As stated in section

         91.121 (a) (iii) above, the Phantom 2 Vision+ is GPS enabled and has an altitude

         accuracy of 0-1 foot Above Ground Level "AGL". The onboard compass reads

         geomagnetic information and assists the GPS to accurately calculate the position and

         height of the small ultra light UA and has an Inertia Measuring Unit (" IMU") built-in

         tablet displaying on screen, via a Ground Station flight application.

5. The Extent Of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
And The Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks The
Relief From Section 91.151 (b)

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 18
(a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--
(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
(2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
minutes
Relief from Section 91.151 (b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights if the battery operated Phantom 2 Vision+
during daylight hours (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
fuel to fly to the first point of intent landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
after that for at least 20 minutes. Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial
Videography seeks relief through an exemption from Section 91.151 (b) because the
flight duration of the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision+ is twenty-five minutes.
Without this exemption, aerial acquisition and flight operations will become impractical.
Importantly, as will be stated below, the technical specifications of the Phantom 2
Vision+, the Phantom 2 Vision+ documents and Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth
Phantom 2 Vision+ will be operated safely during daylight hours and under Visual Flight
Rules. Battery power is monitored by the DJI Ground Station Control "GSC" software
installed on the Iphone or tablet and flight time limits can be adjusted before the Phantom
2 Vision+ Return To Home "RTH" feature is activated. Flight will be limited to 20
minutes from takeoff to first point of landing, leaving 5 minutes in reserve. A visual line
of sight will be maintained with the Phantom 2 Vision+ at all times and will only fly
landowner authorized ground.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 19
6. The Extent Of Relief Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks
And The Reason Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography Seeks The
Relief From Section 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417 (a) & (b).

         Sections 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417 (a) & (b) only
         apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth
         Aerial Videography requests relief from these sections because the Phantom 2 Vision+
         does not require an airworthiness certificate. The Phantom 2 Vision+ meets the
         conditions off Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
         for operating without an airworthiness certificate.
         Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will perform all maintenance
         and preventive maintenance on the Phantom 2 Vision+ according to the methods,
         techniques and practices stated in the operating documents (The Phantom 2 Vision+
         Manual, The Phantom 2 Vision+ Pre-Flight Checklist, The Phantom Pilot Training Guide
         and the Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines). Only a DJI Certified Service Center will
         be used to perform more advanced repairs on the Phantom 2 Vision+ system. Ernest
         Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will document and maintain all
         maintenance records for the Phantom 2 Vision+ in hard copy and digital format. The
         Phantom2 Vision+ is a small UA measuring 12" X 12", weighing just under 3 pounds, 30
         knot speed limitation and will be operating in a limited area.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 20
             Phantom2 Vision+ Preflight Mission Checklist

Day before Mission- (1)Log onto Aviationweather.gov-Check weather conditions
                                    for mission day.

                            (2)Meet onsite to discuss flight procedure
                            (3)Check all batteries for proper charge

                                             (a.) Phantom LiPo batteries
                                             (b.)Controller
                                             (c.)Wi-Fi Transmitter/Receiver
                                             (d.) Iphone or Tablet
                            (4)Calibrate Controller connected to software
Day of Mission- 1. Log onto Aviationweather.gov-Check weather conditions
                            2. Toggle switches on controller ­Full Up
                            3. Turn controller and Wi-Fi- On
                            4. Remove gimbal lock and lens cap
                            5. Micro SD card- Inserted
                            6. Place UA in clear and safe launch and recovery position if it
                              Returns to Home
                            7. Phantom-Battery On
                            8. Load FPV software on Iphone/Tablet
                            9. Wi-Fi connection-Verified
                            10. Calibrate Compass
                           11. Satellite connections- 6 or more-Verified
                           12.Start video recording (Video only)
                           13. Take off and hover approximately 10 feet above the ground
                               To confirm that UA is under control

             14. All sticks operate correctly while in hover ­Verified

Pre-Landing  1.Cameral-Full up
Checklist    2. Video recording-Stop
             3. Landing zone- Clear/Safe
Landing      1. Motors-Off
             2. Phantom battery-Off
             3. Controller-Off
             4. Wi-Fi- Off

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition            Page 21
A summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Registry.

         Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography, seeks exemption from the
         following provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (FAR's) in accordance with
         Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act and 14 C.F.R. Part 11of 2012. 14
         C.F.R. 45.23 (b),14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b),14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a),14 C.F.R. 91.119,
         14 C.F.R. 91.121 (a),14 C.F.R. 91.151 (b),14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a),14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a)(1) & (a)(2),14 C.F.R. 91.417 (a) & (b).These exemptions will
         permit Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth Aerial Videography to operate an
         Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for commercial purpose of conducting aerial
         acquisitions within the National Airspace System. Due to the size, speed and weight,
         14 C.F.R. Part 21; Subpart H the FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the
         airworthiness certificate under Section 333 of the Reform Act and is not applicable to this
         case. The Phantom2 Vision+ is a small UA measuring 12"X 12" and cannot carry
         passengers, does not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station to display the required 2"
         Roman numerals described in Section 45.23. Because of this, Ernest Conover d/b/a/,
         Down to earth Aerial Videography is asking exemption from this rule. I would however
         be willing to display the 2" registration numbers on weather resistant material at the
         site of take-off to alert anyone that the UA is registered with the FAA. Relief from
         Section 61.113(a) & (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
         command, is requested to allow Ernest Conover acting PIC to conduct the proposed UAS
         flight operations for compensation or hire.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 22
Relief is being requested because (1) The flight is incidental to that business or
employment; and (2) the aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation
or hire. Further, Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography states that all
flights of the Phanton 2 Vision+ UAS, conducted following the granting of this petition
(1) will be incidental to Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography;
and(2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. Relief from
Section 91.7(a) is requested to the extent that Ernest Conover, d/b/a Down to Earth Aerial
Videography be allowed to determine that the Phantom 2 Vision+ is in airworthy
condition prior to every flight.

     Update the DJI Naza software to the UAS prior to flight
     Full inspection of the UAS
     Review the Phantom 2 Vision+ Pre-Flight Check List
This relief is requested because the Phantom 2 Vision+ does not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Relief from Section 91.119 I
states that except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes:
Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will not fly the Phanton 2
Vision+ higher than 200 feet and it will not be operated in populated or congested
areas. Flights will not take place on unauthorized properties. This exemption is
necessary because photography, photogrammetry, and videography must be performed
at low altitudes including those less than 200 feet. Flights at lower altitudes will be
equally safe as those flown at higher altitudes given the small size, weight, and speed of
the Phantom 2 Vision+ in comparison. The Phantom will operate as a survey and

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 23
photography tool and is never used for transportation. The Phantom2 Vision+ is tightly

controlled during flights and does not carry any fuel. This eliminates most of the risks

associated with conventional aircraft. Flights at lower altitudes also serve to distinguish

the Phantom 2 Vision+ from conventional aircraft that operate under Section 91.119

I.The Phantom 2 Vision+ does not have a radio to receive altimeter setting from a

station along a flight route as described in Section 91.121 (a) (i) & (ii). As stated in

section 91.121 (a) (iii) above, the Phantom 2 Vision+ is GPS enabled and has an altitude

accuracy of 0-1 foot Above Ground Level "AGL". The onboard compass reads

geomagnetic information and assists the GPS to accurately calculate the position and

height of the small ultra light UA and has an Inertia Measuring Unit (" IMU") built-in

tablet displaying on screen, via a Ground Station flight application. Relief from Section

91.151 (b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested to the

extent required to allow flights if the battery operated Phantom 2 Vision+ during daylight

hours (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to

the first point of intent landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly        after

that for at least 20 minutes. Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography

seeks relief through an exemption from Section 91.151 (b) because the flight duration of

the battery powered Phantom 2 Vision+ is twenty-five minutes. Without this

exemption, aerial acquisition and flight operations will become impractical.

Importantly, as will be stated below, the technical specifications of the Phantom 2

Vision+, the Phantom 2 Vision+ documents and Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down to Earth

Phantom 2 Vision+ will be operated safely during daylight hours and under Visual Flight

Rules. Battery power is monitored by the DJI Ground Station Control "GSC" software

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition        Page 24
installed on the Iphone or tablet and flight time limits can be adjusted before the Phantom
2 Vision+ Return To Home "RTH" feature is activated. Flight will be limited to 20
minutes from takeoff to first point of landing, leaving 5 minutes in reserve. A visual line
of sight will be maintained with the Phantom 2 Vision+ at all times and will only fly
landowner authorized ground.
Sections 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417 (a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth
Aerial Videography requests relief from these sections because the Phantom 2 Vision+
does not require an airworthiness certificate. The Phantom 2 Vision+ meets the
conditions off Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA)
for operating without an airworthiness certificate.
Ernest Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will perform all maintenance
and preventive maintenance on the Phantom 2 Vision+ according to the methods,
techniques and practices stated in the operating documents (The Phantom 2 Vision+
Manual, The Phantom 2 Vision+ Pre-Flight Checklist, The Phantom Pilot Training Guide
and the Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines). Only a DJI Certified Service Center will
be used to perform more advanced repairs on the Phantom 2 Vision+ system. Ernest
Conover d/b/a, Down To Earth Aerial Videography will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the Phantom 2 Vision+ in hard copy and digital format. The
Phantom2 Vision+ is a small UA measuring 12" X 12", weighing just under 3 pounds, 30
knot speed limitation and will be operating in a limited area.

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 25
         Phantom 2 Vision+ Specifications

Phantom  Supported Battery
         DJI 5200mAh LiPo Battery
Gimbal   Weight (Battery & Propellers included)
Camera   1242g

         Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly)
         Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m

         Max Yaw Angular Velocity
         200°/s

         Max Tiltable Angle
         35°

         Max Ascent / Descent Speed
         Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s

         Max Flight Speed
         15m/s (Not Recommended)

         Diagonal motor-motor distance
         350mm

         Working Current
         Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA

         Control Accuracy
         ±0.03°

         Controllable Range
         Pitch : -90°0°

         Maximum Angular Speed

         Pitch : 90°/s

         Operating Environment Temperature
         0-40

         Sensor size

         1/2.3"

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 26
          Effective Pixels
          14 Megapixels

          Resolution
          4384×3288

          HD Recording
          1080p30 & 720p

          Recording FOV
          110° / 85°

          Operating Frequency
          5.728 GHz5.85 GHz

Remote    Communication Distance (open area)
Control   CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m

Range     Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)
Extender  -93dBm

          Transmitter Power
          CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 100mW

          Working Voltage
          120 mA@3.7V

          Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity
          3.7V, 2000mAh

          Operating Frequency
          2412-2462MHz

          Communication Distance (open area)
          500-700m

          Transmitter Power
          20dBm

          Power Consumption
          2W

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 27
                 Appendix A Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual

     See PDF attachment "Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_User_Manual_V1.6_en.pdf"

                Appendix B Phantom 2 Vision+ Pilot Training

See PDF attachment "Phantom_2_Vision_Plus_Pilot_Training_Guide_V1.1_en.pdf"

Appendix C Phantom 2 Vision+ Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

          See PDF attachment "Smart_Flight_Battery_Safety_Guidelines.pdf"

Ernest Conover d/b/a/, Down to Earth Aerial Videography Sec.333 Exemption Petition  Page 28
