August 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12479
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0860

Mr. Brett E. Lisa
CEO
ESRUAS, LLC
1889 Oak Park Drive North
Clearwater, FL 33764

Dear Mr. Lisa:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on March 31, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of ESRUAS, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct real estate, wildlife conservation, and closed-set filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ESRUAS, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ESRUAS, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE., Washington, DC 20590

Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

To Whom It May Concern:

         We are writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
procedures contained in 14 C.F.R. ESRUAS is a proponent of the recently released docket no.:
FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-01 and will abide by and assist in the development of all
proposed rules but seeks relief from 14 C.F.R. until further protocols, standards and tests are
established. ESRUAS, LLC is dedicated to the development of unmanned aircraft, specifically
multi-rotor aircraft (aerial vehicles with a minimum of four ((4)) counter-rotating propellers)
which are inherently stable with the ability to hover in place, and safety/flight procedures. Brett
E. Lisa, CEO, of ESRUAS, LLC seeks relief from specific procedures contained in 14 C.F.R.

         ESRUAS has received requests of high definition aerial photography from numerous
entities, that pertain, but are not limited to; Real Estate, Wildlife Conservation, and closed-set
filming. Brett E. Lisa, owner and operator of small unmanned multi-rotor aircraft, seeks relief, so
the he may operate his small/lightweight unmanned aircraft systems commercially in airspace
close to airspace regulated by the FAA as required by Section 333.

         ESRUAS exemption request would permit its operation of small, lightweight, unmanned
(remotely controlled within line of sight) multi-rotor aerial systems in tightly controlled and
limited airspace. Predetermined, specifically marked areas of operation, private property
locations that correspond or surpass current safety protocols will allow ESRUAS to operate
within current safety parameters and to aid in the development of new protocols being
implemented. As identified, amateurs with no flight experience, safety plan or controls in place
to prevent catastrophe legally operate similar lightweight, remote controlled multi-rotors.
ESRUAS is developing plans to monitor, evaluate and implement all of its UAS's safely.

         The plans include but are not limited to: pre-flight visual inspection, pre-flight
mechanical inspection, in-flight mechanical test, maintaining a visual of the aircraft and a flight
log.

                       Pre-flight visual inspection includes examination of; propellers, motors,
                           electrical components and parts of the frame for chips, cracks, burns or
                           any other damage.

                       Pre-flight mechanical inspection is powering on the aircraft, transmitter(s)
                           and receiver(s) ­ checking video feed and throttling up from 3rd person
                           point-of-view without takeoff to ensure function of drive components
                           (propellers, motors and speed controllers).
                       In-flight mechanical test is done from 3rd person point-of-view (pilot
                           watches the aircraft) at low altitude (eye level) ­ the pilot puts maximum
                           input of pitch, roll, yaw and throttle sharply into transmitter to ensure all
                           axis of aircraft are fully capable.

                       Maintain visual of aircraft through 3rd person (pilot watches aircraft)
                           operation or by using a spotter during 1st person (pilot sees point-of-view
                           of aircraft) operation.

                       A flight log documents the pilot in control, spotter, weather, area of
                           operation and purpose of flight.

         To date, ESRUAS has rejected all offers to work with interested parties on locations
within the United States, to ensure it is in compliance with any applicable FARs. It, like other
applicants, has done so despite Judge Patrick G. Geraghty's decision in the Raphael Pirker matter
and his reasoning that no FARs prohibits the use of small, unmanned multi-rotor aircraft or
lightweight UASs like those flown by other peer companies.

         Granting ESRUAS's request unites with the Secretary of Transportation's responsibilities
to not only integrate UASs into the national airspace system, but to " ... establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems [UASs] in the national airspace system" under
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. Further, ESRUAS will conduct its operations in compliance
with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

         Granting ESRUAS exemption would benefit the public in that Congress has already
pronounced that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UASs into the
national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. ESRUAS will conduct research
into safe UAS operations for every flight of its UASs. Flight data, visual inspections, recorded
observations and flight analyses will be compiled to further enhance current safety protocols.
Allowing ESRUAS to log more flight time directly relates to its research and its ability to further
enhance current safety measures. The public has critical interest in reducing the danger and
emission associated with current aerial cinematic capture methods, namely, full size helicopters.

         ESRUAS respectfully requests the grant of an exemption allowing it to operate small,
lightweight, remote controlled multi-rotor UASs in Class G airspace.

         The specific sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations, ESRUAS requests
exemption from:

14 CFR 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.; 14 CFR 407
(a)(1); 14 CFR 409 (a)(2); and, 14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b)
(2);91.103(b); 91.119; 91.121; 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417
(a) & (b).
         The Extent of ESRUAS Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief:

ESRUAS submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334,
seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent ESRUAS contemplated
commercial photography, research and other flight operations within the national airspace
system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft
systems into our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. ESRUAS
lightweight UASs meet the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and
therefore the integration of ESRUAS lightweight UASs are expressly contemplated by the
Reform Act. ESRUAS would like to operate its lightweight UASs prior to the time period by
which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft.

         The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UASs that may operate
safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include:

         The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS; Whether the UAS will be
operated near airports or populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be operated by line of
sight.

112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items militates in favor of an exemption for ESRUAS.

         ESRUAS UASs utilizes four counter-rotating propellers for precise control and stability.
They each weigh less than 25 pounds, including photography or other equipment. Each of
ESRUAS small unmanned aircraft are designed to primarily hover in place and operate at less
than a 40 knot maximum speed. They are capable of vertical and horizontal operations but
operate only within the line of sight of the remote control pilot. In addition to the remote control
pilot, ESRUAS uses a spotter and a technician, such that, at minimum, two ESRUAS personnel
govern the safe flight of an ESRUAS aircraft at all times.

         Utilizing battery power and not combustible fuels, flights generally last between two and
twenty minutes. ESRUAS does not operate its UASs with less than twenty five percent battery
capacity. Safety systems in place include a GPS mode that allows ESRUAS UASs to hover in
place if communication with the radio control pilot is lost and then slowly descend the aircraft
until landing. Further, ESRUAS aircraft are programmed to slowly descend when twenty five
percent battery capacity has been reached.

         ESRUAS does not operate its UASs near airports and generally does not operate them
near populated areas. ESRUAS only operates its UASs in predetermined areas and only in
compliance with FAA regulations.

         ESRUAS operation of its fleet of small, unmanned aircraft will not "create a hazard to
users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size
and weight of ESRUAS UASs, combined with their superior maneuverability and operation in
well-controlled areas, ESRUAS's aircraft lay within Congress's contemplated safety zone when
it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UASs into the
national airspace system. ESRUAS aircraft do not pose any threat to the general public or
national security.

The FAA has the authority to issue the exemption to ESRUAS pursuant to the Federal Aviation
Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act").

Commercial and Public Benefits

         Granting ESRUAS exemption request furthers the public interest. First, Congress has
already pronounced that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UASs into
the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Second, ESRUAS conducts
research into safe UAS operations every time it flies one of its UASs. Flight data, visual
inspections, recorded observations and flight analyses are compiled to further enhance current
safety protocols. Allowing ESRUAS to log more flight time directly relates to its research and its
ability to further enhance current safety measures. Third, the public has an interest in reducing
the danger and emission associated with current aerial cinematic capture methods, namely, full
size helicopters. ESRUAS's UASs are battery powered and create no emissions. If an ESRUAS
UAS crashes there is no fuel to ignite and explode. The impact of ESRUAS"s lightweight UASs
is far less than a full size helicopter, despite the statistically noteworthy safety record of full size
helicopters used in aerial picture capture. The public's interest is furthered by minimizing
ecological and crash impacts by permitting aerial photography capture through ESRUAS's
lightweight UASs.

         Progression of the arts and sciences has been fundamental to our society since its
inclusion in the United States Constitution. Indeed, Congress mandated the integration of UASs
into our national airspace system, in part, to achieve progression in this noteworthy, and
inevitable, field. Permitting ESRUAS to immediately fly within the United States furthers these
objectives. Whether it is the combination of scientific discoveries applicable to societal
advancement (including those drawing upon architecture, physics, engineering and cultural
inclusiveness) to advancements in publicly usable technologies or advancements in equipment
available to law enforcement personnel/first responders that does not cost millions of dollars,
granting ESRUAS exemption request substantially furthers the public's interest in ways known
and currently unknown.

Reasons Why ESRUAS Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety Or How The Exemption
Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule:

         ESRUAS exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons
stated, supra, permitting ESRUAS to log more flight time in FAA airspace will allow ESRUAS
to innovate and implement new and as of yet undiscovered safety protocols. In addition,
ESRUAS submits the following representations of its flight standards:

         · ESRUAS UASs weigh less than 25 pounds complete with small, high-definition
         cameras like the GoPro or Canon T3i;
         · ESRUAS only operates its UASs below 400 feet;
         · ESRUAS UASs only operate for 2-25 minutes per flight;
         · ESRUAS lands its UASs before they reach 25% battery power;
         · ESRUAS remote control pilots operate ESRUAS UASs by line of sight;
         · ESRUAS remote control pilots have video backup and nearest airfield(s) contact
         information should they somehow lose sight of the UAS;
         · ESRUAS staffs each flight with a remote control pilot, technician and spotter with
         communication systems enabling real time communication between them;
         · ESRUAS UASs have GPS flight modes whereby they hover and then slowly land if
         communication with the remote control pilot is lost or battery power is below 25%;
         · ESRUAS actively analyses electronic flight data and other sources of information to
         constantly update and enhance safety protocols;
         · ESRUAS only operates in secured areas that are controlled, are away from airports and
         highly populated areas;
         · ESRUAS only operates during daylight hours;
         · ESRUAS conducts extensive pre-flight checks, boundaries and awareness prior to
         flight, during which safety carries primary importance;
         · ESRUAS always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and, ESRUAS
         has procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

         ESRUAS provides a level of safety at least equal to existing rules, and in nearly every
instance, greater than existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of
commercial UASs into our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial
photography. While the safety record of such helicopters is great, it is far safer to operate a
battery powered lightweight UAS. First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UASs
carry no people on board and ESRUAS only operates them in specific areas away from mass
populations. Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions
is greatly diminished. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of ESRUAS UASs
allow remote control pilots to avoid hazards. Also, ESRUAS UASs noise emissions, compared to
today's helicopters, are drastically lower. Lastly, given their small size and weight, even when
close enough to capture images, ESRUAS UASs need not be so close to the objects they are
focused on. Accordingly, ESRUAS UASs will operate at and above current safety levels.

Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register

         Part 21 prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,
         productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

         14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(2)(b, c, & d) &
91.317(f)(2), (g), (j)(1 & 2). The size, weight, speeds, flight maneuvers and controlled
operational area of ESRUAS UASs permits exemption from Part 21 because ESRUAS's UASs
meet an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act
(49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the
FAA to exempt UASs from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the
weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense
populations. ESRUAS multi-rotor UASs do not carry passengers nor crewmembers, therefor, are
not designed with a cabin or a cockpit. Furthermore, ESRUAS UASs will not be operating in or
out of airports and in view of the fact that ESRUAS multi-rotor UASs are electrically powered
by small lithium-polymer (LiPo) batteries and emit no known emissions -- fuel regulations for
aircraft do not apply. Therefore ESRUAS's UASs meet or exceed each of these elements and
elements proposed in Docket No.: FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-01. Part 107.

14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. No
such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs. With proposed Docket
No.: FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-1 as no such certificate will be applicable, this Regulation
is inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UASs, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual at ESRUAS's flight operations center. The
FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as ESRUAS UASs utilize
electronic global positioning systems and internal gyroscopes and altimeters to provide spatial
coordination.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above ­ with recently
proposed Docket No.; FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-1. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining such quality assurance and registrations reports at the ESRUAS flight
operations center.

         14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

         Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. ESRUAS UASs are unmanned -- they, therefore, do not have a cabin, cockpit or
pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to
place on such a small aircraft. Regardless, ESRUAS will mark its UASs in the largest possible
lettering by placing identification marks on its frame as required by 14 C.F.R. § 45.29 (f) so that
the pilot, technician, spotter and others working with the UAV will be identifiable and will see
the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions
Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

         14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
operations. ESRUAS can achieve an equivalent or superior level of safety as achieved by current
Regulations because ESRUAS UASs do not carry any pilots or passengers ­ the operators will
maintain visual line of site of UA and given the size, weight, speed, maneuverability and
operating parameters of ESRUAS UAS's risk to people and property is reduced. Further, while
helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills, though ESRUAS pilot
vetting and training programs will. Further, private pilot licensees require 60-70 hours of flight
time ­ with hundreds of hours of computer simulation and remote control aircraft [50+ hours of
multi-rotor UAS] experience the person in control of the UA will operate ESRUAS UASs with
the same or more skill. Further, the risks attendant to the operation of ESRUAS UASs is far less
than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq ­
ESRUAS maintains visual of UA via a spotter, altitude of UA will never exceed 400ft AGL.
Thus, allowing ESRUAS to operate its multi-rotor UASs with it's current experience and
standards meets the minimum safety requirements of 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

         14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

         14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. As proposed in Docket No.:
FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-01, ESRUAS UASs never operates at an altitude greater than
400 AGL. ESRUAS will, however, operate its UASs at a much lower altitude than proposed in
Docket No.: FAA-2015-0150; Notice No. 15-01, a level of safety exceeding those in relation to
minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of ESRUAS UASs,
an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

         14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

         The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators
to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to ESRUAS should its requested
exemption be granted. ESRUAS conducts an extensive maintenance program that involves
regular software updates and constant mechanical inspection for assessment of any damaged
hardware. Therefore, an equivalent or greater level of safety will be achieved. ESRUAS has
researched its designs.

Summary

ESRUAS seeks an exemption from the following Regulations: 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R.
45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14
C.F.R. § 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14
C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to
commercially operate small lightweight unmanned aerial vehicles in aerial photography and research
operations, to conduct its own fieldwork and to assist in the development of platforms for
photographers, first responders, law enforcement, and search & rescue.

Granting ESRUAS's request for exemption will enhance safety protocols thereby reducing risk of
incident. Aerial photography relies primarily on the use of larger aircraft, housing a crew and running
on combustible fuel. ESRUAS aircraft do not house a crew of pilots nor do they contain combustible
fuel -- they are smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional aircraft. Additionally,
ESRUAS aircraft operate at lower altitudes and will not interfere with conventional aircraft.
ESRUAS has been analyzing flight data, flight film and other information to compile above-standard
safety protocols and the implementation of flight operations that exceeds current procedures of safe
flight.

There are no people on board ESRUAS aircraft therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily
injury is significantly limited. ESRUAS will ensure positive growth of it's safety and flight protocols
with multi-rotors ESRUAS operation of its UASs, weighting less than 25 pounds and traveling at
speeds lower than 40 knots in exclusive areas will provide at least an equivalent level of safety as
that achieved under current FARs.

With current knowledge and experience and until operator certifications become clearer
ESRUAS respectfully requests that the FAA grant its exemption request without delay. The FAA
has the authority to issue the exemption sought by ESRUAS pursuant to the Federal Aviation
Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act").

                                                                                                     Respectfully,

                                                                                               BrettE.Lisa,CEO
                                                                                                    ESRUAS,LLC.

                                                                                       1889OakParkDriveN.
                                                                                         Clearwater,FL.33764
