April 2, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11267
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0918

Mr. Charlie Terry
Engineering Manager
ETAK Systems, Inc.
4045 Perimeter West Drive, Suite 600
Charlotte, NC 28214

Dear Mr. Terry:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 3, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of ETAK Systems, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct cellular tower and compound surveys for wireless providers on their properties.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, ETAK Systems, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, ETAK Systems, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision, when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                                                         ETAK Systems, Inc.
                                                                                                 4045 Perimeter West Dr.

                                                                                                                     Suite 600
                                                                                                       Charlotte, NC 28214
                                                                                                    Phone: (704) 398-9941
                                                                                                        Fax: (704)398-8539

November 3, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT)
Docket Operations, M-30
1200 New Jersey Avenue., SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Exemption Request

To whom it may concern,

         In agreement with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R.
Part 11, ETAK Systems, Inc. (ETAK), an operator of a small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) for cellular
tower and compound observation in the telecommunication industry, seeks an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operations of its sUAS.

         ETAK's requested exemption would permit the operation of a sUAS under controlled conditions
in cellular tower airspace that is: (i) limited, (ii) predetermined, (iii) subject to controlled access through
our customers, and (iv) provides greater safety in connection with aircraft operations in the
telecommunication industry. ETAK believes that an exemption in the telecommunication industry would
enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to
establish safe operations of sUAS.

         According to Wireless Estimator, since 2003 there have been a total of 118 tower fatalities, not
including tower related injuries. ETAK's mission is to provide safer tower services to the
telecommunication industry. With ETAK's sUAS, we will be able to provide services that would limit the
need of a tower climber which will save lives. Through ETAK's sUAS, we will be able to observe and
acquire valuable data for our customers that would otherwise be more expensive and hazardous to
individuals. Using the sUAS ETAK will prevent climbers from making unnecessary climbs and keep
climbing purposes to installation/repair. The purpose of this petition is to improve safety at the cellular
locations by eliminating tower climbing for visual/tower height measurement purposes.

         ETAK is a United States Department of Transportation categorized utility company specializing in
providing Engineering Audits, DC Power, and Battery services to major wireless providers across the
continental United States. ETAK's sUAS flights will be flown to achieve an aerial view and video
recording of wireless provider antennas and lines that are secured to vertical towers (also commonly
known as cell phone towers). ETAK's sUAS flights will also be used to view and record open antenna
locations on towers for potential future modifications and additions.

         Video data captured from the flights will be analyzed as follows: any site damage including:
lightning strikes, FAA mandated tower strobe lights, shelter and cabinet roofs, ice bridge infrastructure,
and coax cable tears. The characteristics of a cell tower (tall, pointy-shaped, and isolated) make it
desirable for lightning strikes. Lightning strikes can damage ground equipment and antennas attached to
the tower. Sending a sUAS to view and record the physical status of antennas saves multiple trips up and
down the tower that are currently performed by technicians. Lightning strikes can also affect the strobe
lighting on the tower. Strobe lighting is used to identify a tower in darkness or in bad weather conditions
for low flying airplanes or aircrafts. Without properly functioning strobe lighting, towers and more
importantly low flying aircrafts could be at risk of hitting a cell tower. While observing the tower, the
equipment shelter and cabinets will also be viewed. By viewing the roofs of the shelters and cabinets,
damage from falling tree limbs or leaks from weather damage can be assessed before being repaired.
The same goes for the ice bridges as well. The ice bridge protects the coaxial cables leaving the shelter
or cabinet to the antennas from falling tree limbs, snow and ice, tools from tower climbers, and debris
or equipment falling from the tower. From the ground, a minimum amount of damage can be observed.
Most auditors and technician would not have proper safety equipment on hand to properly assess the
shelter and cabinet roofs as well as the ice bridges. With a sUAS flight, these damages can be assessed
easily and safely.

          The sUAS will also be observing the customer specific antenna array or RAD center on the
tower. With the sUAS, height of the antenna array on the tower can be measured easily for future
upgrades to the antennas and for coax cable length estimations. New antenna array locations can also
be determined and if the sUAS is positioned successfully, the mechanical down-tilt of the antennas can
be measured. For every flight that ETAK performs, all the above parameters will be checked for the
providers, consumers, and bystanders safety concerns in mind. Cell phone towers are highly restricted
areas and the potential for consumers or bystanders to be in the area is very low. Cell phone towers are
also highly restricted from any and all air traffic and have minimal to zero likelihood of nearby aircraft.

                      Information Supporting this Petition as Specified in 14 C.F.R. §11.81

    (a) Your name and mailing address and, if you wish, other contact information such as a fax
         number, telephone number, or e-mail address;

         ETAK Systems, Inc.
         Charlie Terry
         Engineering Department
         Re: Exemption Request
         4045 Perimeter West Dr.
         Suite 600
         Charlotte, NC 28214
         Phone: (704) 398-9941
         Fax: (704)398-8539
         Email: cterry@etaksystems.com

    (b) The specific section or sections of 14 C.F.R. from which ETAK seeks an exemption
               21 ­ Subpart H Certification procedures for products and parts, Airworthiness
                   Certificates

               45.23 ­ Display of marks; general
               61.113 - Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command
               91.103 ­ Preflight Actions
               91.105 ­ Flight crewmembers at stations
               91.109 ­ Flight instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
               91.119 ­ Minimum safe altitudes: General
               91.121­ Altimeter settings
               91.151­ Fuel requirements for flights in Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions
               91.203 ­ Civil aircraft: certification required
               91.405 ­ Maintenance required
               91.407 ­ Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, and

                   alteration
               91.409 ­ Inspections
               91.417 ­ Maintenance records

         We believe an exemption from the above regulations will allow ETAK to conduct the needed
work as described above.

    (c) The extent of relief ETAK seeks, and the reason ETAK seeks the relief

         ETAK seeks an exemption for several provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61, and 91 to the
extent to operate small UASs around cellular towers and compound facilities.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H which states the certification procedures for
products and parts as well as airworthiness certificates. Due to the limited airspace that ETAK will be
using at cellular locations across the country, we are seeking exemption to the airworthiness
certification process. ETAK has developed our own training procedures and regulations to promote and
provide safe flying experiences for our PIC(s) which can be viewed in section (e) of this petition.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 45.23, which discusses the display of marks. Specifically,
section 45.23 states, "(a) each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of
the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number
of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter (b)
when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station,
in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-
sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable". ETAK will need exemption from this regulation
due to the small size of the aircraft and that there is no cabin, cockpit, or pilot station for the aircraft.
         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113, which discusses private pilot privileges and
limitations for the Pilot in command (PIC). Specifically, section 61.113 states "(a) Except as provided in
paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot
in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft. (b) A private pilot may, for
compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does
not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire (c) A private pilot may not pay less than the
pro rata share of the operating expenses of a flight with passengers, provided the expenses involve only
fuel, oil, airport expenditures, or rental fees. (d) A private pilot may act as pilot in command of a
charitable, nonprofit, or community event flight described in §91.146, if the sponsor and pilot comply
with the requirements of §91.146. (e) A private pilot may be reimbursed for aircraft operating expenses
that are directly related to search and location operations, provided the expenses involve only fuel, oil,
airport expenditures, or rental fees, and the operation is sanctioned and under the direction and control
of: (1) A local, State, or Federal agency; or (2) An organization that conducts search and location
operations. (f) A private pilot who is an aircraft salesman and who has at least 200 hours of logged flight
time may demonstrate an aircraft in flight to a prospective buyer. (g) A private pilot who meets the
requirements of §61.69 may act as a pilot in command of an aircraft towing a glider or unpowered
ultralight vehicle. (h) A private pilot may act as pilot in command for the purpose of conducting a
production flight test in a light-sport aircraft intended for certification in the light-sport category under
§21.190 of this chapter, provided that-- (1) The aircraft is a powered parachute or a weight-shift-control
aircraft; (2) The person has at least 100 hours of pilot-in-command time in the category and class of
aircraft flown; and (3) The person is familiar with the processes and procedures applicable to the
conduct of production flight testing, to include operations conducted under a special flight permit and
any associated operating limitations". ETAK is seeking exemption from this regulation, because ETAK
believes that there is inconclusive evidence that a person with a private pilot certificate can successfully
maneuver a sUAS without first hand flight experience with the particular sUAS. Therefore, we believe
our own flight training with the sUAS will be more than satisfactory.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.103, which discusses pre-flight actions. Specifically,
section 91.103 states, "Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, become familiar with all
available information concerning that flight. This information must include: (a) For a flight under IFR or a
flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives
available if the planned flight cannot be completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in
command has been advised by ATC; (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and
the following takeoff and landing distance information: (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved
Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff
and landing distance data contained therein; and (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in
paragraph (b)(1) of this section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft
performance under expected values of airport elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and
wind and temperature". An exemption is requested from section 91.103, as FAA approved rotorcraft
flight manuals will not be used. In the absence of the flight manuals the PIC will take all pre-flight
actions, including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and
aircraft performance data before starting a flight.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105, which discusses flight crewmembers at stations.
Specifically, 91.105 states "(a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight
crewmember shall (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to perform duties
in connection with the operation of the aircraft or in connection with physiological needs; and (2) Keep
the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station. (b) Each required flight crewmember of a
U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall, during takeoff and landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened
while at his or her assigned duty station. This paragraph does not apply if (1) The seat at the
crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder harness; or (2) The crewmember would be
unable to perform required duties with the shoulder harness fastened. ETAK will need exemption from
this regulation due to the fact that the sUAS will not have a flight crew or crew stations other than the
PIC. The PIC will also not have to be restrained into a seat via shoulder harness or safety belt at the time
of the flight.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.109, which discusses flight instruction, simulated
instrument flight, and certain flight tests. Specifically, 91.109 states "(a) No person may operate a civil
aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
fully functioning dual controls. However, instrument flight instruction may be given in an airplane that is
equipped with a single, functioning throw over control wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in
place of fixed, dual controls, when (1) The instructor has determined that the flight can be conducted
safely; and (2) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with
appropriate category and class ratings. (b) An airplane equipped with a single, functioning throw over
control wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in place of fixed, dual controls may be used for
flight instruction to conduct a flight review required by §61.56 of this chapter, or to obtain recent flight
experience or an instrument proficiency check required by §61.57 when (1) The airplane is equipped
with operable rudder pedals at both pilot stations; (2) The pilot manipulating the controls is qualified to
serve and serves as pilot in command during the entire flight; (3) The instructor is current and qualified
to serve as pilot in command of the airplane, meets the requirements of §61.195(b), and has logged at
least 25 hours of pilot-in-command flight time in the make and model of airplane; and (4) The pilot in
command and the instructor have determined the flight can be conducted safely. (c) No person may
operate a civil aircraft in simulated instrument flight unless (1) The other control seat is occupied by a
safety pilot who possesses at least a private pilot certificate with category and class ratings appropriate
to the aircraft being flown. (2) The safety pilot has adequate vision forward and to each side of the
aircraft, or a competent observer in the aircraft adequately supplements the vision of the safety pilot;
and (3) Except in the case of lighter-than-air aircraft, that aircraft is equipped with fully functioning dual
controls. However, simulated instrument flight may be conducted in a single-engine airplane, equipped
with a single, functioning, throw over control wheel, in place of fixed, dual controls of the elevator and
ailerons, when (i) The safety pilot has determined that the flight can be conducted safely; and (ii) The
person manipulating the controls has at least a private pilot certificate with appropriate category and
class ratings. (d) No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for a flight test for an airline
transport pilot certificate or a class or type rating on that certificate, or for a part 121 proficiency flight
test, unless the pilot seated at the controls, other than the pilot being checked, is fully qualified to act as
pilot in command of the aircraft". Again, ETAK believes that there is inconclusive evidence that a person
with a private pilot certificate or license can successfully maneuver or train someone to use an sUAS
without first hand flight experience with the particular sUAS. Therefore, we believe our own flight
training and first hand experiences with the sUAS will be satisfactory. Also, the sUAS will be operated
by a remote control, which will only require a one person operator and dual controls will not be
necessary.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119, which discusses minimum safe altitudes.
Specifically, 14 C.F.R. 91.119 states "Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit
fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. (b) Over
congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly
of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet
of the aircraft. (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and
weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the
surface-- (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c)
of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes
specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control
aircraft may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section". ETAK
seeks exemption from this regulation due to the fact that cell towers are less than 500ft and we will be
flying in close proximities of the towers to gather our information.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121, which discusses altimeter settings. Specifically, 14
C.F.R. 91.121 states, (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--(1)
Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft; (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph
(a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or (iii)
In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure; or (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to
29.92 Hg. (b) The lowest usable flight level is determined by the atmospheric pressure in the area of
operation as shown in the following table:

Current altimeter setting  Lowest usable flight level

29.92 (or higher)          180
29.91 through 29.42        185

29.41 through 28.92        190

28.91 through 28.42        195

28.41 through 27.92        200

27.91 through 27.42        205

27.41 through 26.92        210

(c) To convert minimum altitude prescribed under §§91.119 and 91.177 to the minimum flight level, the
pilot shall take the flight level equivalent of the minimum altitude in feet and add the appropriate
number of feet specified below, according to the current reported altimeter setting:"

Current altimeter setting       Adjustment factor

29.92 (or higher)               None

29.91 through 29.42             500

29.41 through 28.92             1,000

28.91 through 28.42             1,500

28.41 through 27.92             2,000

27.91 through 27.42             2,500

27.41 through 26.92             3,000

As our sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but instead outputs GPS altitude data, an exemption
is needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming the altitude of the launch
site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before and during the flight.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151, which discusses fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions. Specifically, 91.151 states "(a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed-- (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes. (b) No person may begin a
flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 20 minutes". ETAK's sUAS has a maximum flight time of 25 minutes which is less
than the 30 minute reserve minimum. This reserve minimum would not even allow ETAK's SUAS a
chance to fly. In ETAK's aircraft flight manual, the PIC is instructed to maintain flight until battery power
reaches 25%. ETAK believes the restraint issued in our aircraft flight manual achieves a satisfactory
safety standard to go by. This restriction would also be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its
home point or pre-determined landing-zone from anywhere in its already limited operating area. ETAK's
sUAS will not be flown during night or late evening hours.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.203, which discusses civil aircraft required
certifications. Specifically, 91.203 states "(a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a
civil aircraft unless it has within it the following: (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.
Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a special flight permit,
a copy of the applicable operations specifications issued under §21.197(c) of this chapter, appropriate
sections of the air carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing that portion
of the operations specifications issued under §21.197(c), or an authorization under §91.611) must have
on it the registration number assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the
airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special identification number before 10 days
after that number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an
assigned special identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon
application to an FAA Flight Standards district office. (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued
to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration
Application as provided for in §47.31(c), or a registration certification issued under the laws of a foreign
country. (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the
cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew. (c) No person may operate an
aircraft with a fuel tank installed within the passenger compartment or a baggage compartment unless
the installation was accomplished pursuant to part 43 of this chapter, and a copy of FAA Form 337
authorizing that installation is on board the aircraft. (d) No person may operate a civil airplane (domestic
or foreign) into or out of an airport in the United States unless it complies with the fuel venting and
exhaust emissions requirements of part 34 of this chapter". ETAK believes that an appropriate and
current airworthiness certificate would not be necessary to fly a sUAS given the size of the aircraft and
the necessary level of skill needed to operate the aircraft. ETAK seeks exemption from this regulation
because we believe this rule was not meant for a sUAS and operators.

         ETAK seeks exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, and 91.417, which discusses
required aircraft maintenance, operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration, inspections, and maintenance records. In ETAK's aircraft flight manual, maintenance and
inspection procedures have been established for the aircraft. ETAK believes these regulations are meant
for manned operated aircrafts and not unmanned systems, therefore making them unnecessary.
Nevertheless, we seek an exemption from any such specific provisions to the extent FAA finds it
necessary to grant this request.

    (d) The reasons why granting ETAK's request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would
         benefit the public as a whole

    ETAK is classified as a utility by the U.S. Department of Transportation and provides services to the
wireless industry. Wireless services have become a major backbone for nationwide 911 emergency
response and ETAK's use of a sUAS can assist in verifying that the components that make up that
backbone are fully functional and in proper repair. ETAK's sUAS usage in the wireless industry, we will
be able to gather valuable information to help increase safety and productivity. In addition, the sUAS
flights will minimize the need for technicians to climb towers, putting fewer lives in danger. Ultimately,
tower climbers will still be needed to install tower equipment, but a sUAS will decrease the amount of
times a climber will be needed.

    (e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
         exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
         which ETAK seeks exemption

    Our Engineering department will provide a level of safety that exceeds the level of safety required
by the FAA for its use on sUAS. The following are ETAK's safety procedures, features, regulations, and
operating specifications for our sUAS:

     The Pilot In Command (PIC) and potential observers will be required to wear hard hats, safety
         vests, and safety glasses to protect the head and eyes from potential mishaps during given
         operational flights including training or testing of sUAS.

     The flight area of the sUAS will be observed for best take off and landing locations. Desired
         conditions include: flat and level surfaces clear of debris, at least 15ft from power lines and
         structures, and a minimum distance of 12ft from the PIC and observers.

     The sUAS will also be in the Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) to both the PIC and potential observers
         during all flights.

     Flights must take place during good weather conditions with no rain, low laying clouds, or heavy
         winds. All flights will take place during daylight hours with no evening or late night flights.

     The PIC(s) of the sUAS will at least have 7 training hours or 15 flights accrued before being
         designated working flights around cellular communication towers.

     The sUAS will have safety bumpers, sold by the manufacturer, installed around the propellers to
         protect the propellers, structures and persons from damage and injury.

     All batteries must be charged completely before each flight and each flight must end when the
         battery has a 25% power level remaining.

     A visual safety inspection will occur before each flight testing propeller tightness, lens cap
         removals, bumper guards installed properly, mobile device positioned correctly onto remote,
         and proper safety equipment is adorned to PIC and observers.

     The sUAS will be flown under a height of 500 ft AGL and in less than a 10,000 square feet area.
 No operator or potential observer will engage in, nor may an operator or potential observer
    permit, any activity during a critical phase of flight so as to ensure that the sUAS is in a condition
    for safe flight operation and in a configuration appropriate for the purpose of the intended
    flight.

 If there is more than just an operator at a site during a flight, the operator and observer(s) will
    maintain two-way communication with each other during all operations; if unable to maintain
    two-way communications, or if any condition occurs that may otherwise cause the operation to
    be unsafe, the operator will immediately conclude the operation.

 If the communication link is lost, the sUAS will go into fail-safe mode and safely descend to its
    designated home-point location. If the communication link is reconnected during fail-safe mode,
    control of the sUAS can be regained before landing occurs at the home-point location.

 There is no fuel or payload to the sUAS, therefore there will be no potential explosives or risk of
    explosion if a crash occurs with the sUAS.

 The sUAS will feature a built in compass that will be recalibrated at every site to maintain
    accurate directional readings. The compass will also help in keeping the sUAS stable during
    flights.

 The sUAS will record GPS location data once Ready to Fly status has been obtained. A minimum
    of 6 satellites will activate the Ready to Fly status.

 The weight of the sUAS is less than 10 lbs. with a maximum ascent speed of 6 m/s and a descent
    speed of 2 m/s. The aircrafts maximum flight speed is 15 m/s.

 The aircrafts vertical and horizontal aspect concerning hovering accuracy is 0.8m and 2.5m
    respectfully.

 The aircrafts maximum yaw angular velocity is 200°/second with a maximum tilt angle of 35°.
 The aircraft wheelbase is 350mm in length.
 The tilting range of the aircrafts gimbal is between 0° and 60°.
 The CE and FCC compliance communication distances in an open area for the remote controller

    is 300m and 500m respectfully. The remote has an operating frequency of 5.728 GHz and 5.85
    GHz.
 The CE and FCC compliance transmitting power (EIRP) of the remote controller is 25mW and
    125mW respectfully. The remotes working current and voltage is 80mA at 6V and runs off 4 AA
    batteries.
 The remote range extender has an operating frequency between 2412 MHz and 2462 MHz. The
    open area communication distance of the range extender is 300m with a transmitting power of
    17dBm.
 The aircraft runs off a 5200mAh Li-Po battery.
 The mounted camera has a resolution of 14 megapixels and a Field Of View (FOV) of
    120°/110°/85°. The sensor size of the camera is a 1/2.3" and supports HD video recording as
    well as RAW and JPEG photo formats.
 The phone application will work on Apple iOS 6.0 or above and Android system 4.0 and above.
    Tablets running these operating systems will also be supported, but not recommended. The
    phone application will operate as the First Person Viewer (FPV) for the aircraft.
    (f) A summary FAA can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating: (1) The rule from which you
         seek the exemption; and (2) A brief description of the nature of the exemption you seek

         Petitioner: ETAK Systems, Inc.

         Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected: 21 Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109;
         91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1); 91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and 91.417

         Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. 21
Subpart H; 45.23(b); 61.113(a)(b); 91.103; 91.105; 91.109; 91.119(c); 91.121(a)(1)(iii); 91.151(a)(1);
91.203; 91.405; 91.407; 91.409; and 91.417 to conduct cellular tower and compound surveys for
wireless providers on their properties and subject to operating procedures that meet or exceed those
that FAA requires.

    (g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your request

         Please see the introduction to this exemption request.

    (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside of the United States, the
         reason why you need to do so

         The Operations described in this exemption request will be conducted wholly within the United
States.

         Please do not hesitate to contact me via email at cterry@etaksystems.com if you have any
questions or concerns.

                                       Respectfully submitted,

                                       Charlie Terry
                                       Engineering Manager
                                       ETAK Systems, Inc.
