August 03, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12280
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2072

Mr. Dustin Beck
Exclusive Aerial, LLC
8175 Thornhill Drive
Ypsilanti, MI 48197

Dear Mr. Beck:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Exclusive Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial filming
and photographing to include infrastructure inspections, aerial acquisition (mapping), real
estate, and other applicable areas for pre-planned, controlled areas.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Exclusive Aerial, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Exclusive Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 20, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Exclusive Aerial, LLC, operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS)
equipped to conduct aerial filming and photographing to include: infrastructure inspections,
aerial acquisition (mapping), real estate, and other applicable areas for pre-planned, controlled
areas, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to
allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and
under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) as required by §333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small,
unmanned and multi-rotor aircraft under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) contained 2)
predetermined 3) has on-site safety personnel controlling access, and 4) would provide increased
safety and enhancements to clients' business operations.

We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent
level of safety. We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us at any time if you
require additional information or clarification.

The name and address of the applicant is:

Exclusive Aerial, LLC
Attn: Dustin Beck
Phone: (734) 717-8931
Email: dbeck@exclusiveaerial.com
8175 Thornhill Dr.
Ypsilanti, MI 48197

                                                          1
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
· 14 C.F.R. Part 21
· 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
· 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
· 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.7(b)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.119
· 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)

BACKGROUND OF PETITIONER

Exclusive Aerial, LLC is managed by Dustin Beck, a licensed Airline Transport Pilot with more
than 11,000 flight hours and 20 years of piloting experience. He has a B.S. degree in aviation
flight science and is an active member of Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA). Mr. Beck
maintains a first class medical and is type rated in: Boeing 737 (B737), Hawker 800xp (HS-125),
Beech Jet 400 (BE-400), and Diamond Jet (MU-300) aircraft. Mr. Beck also maintains and
exercises a current Certificated Flight Instructor (CFI) certificate. Mr. Beck will operate small
UASs under the same high standards and professionalism he currently practices in the airline
industry.

PUBLIC INTEREST AND HOW THE PUBLIC WILL BENEFIT

The exemption request will permit Birds Eye Aerial Drones, LLC to operate sUASs
commercially for the purpose of aerial filming and photographing inspections of infrastructure,
aerial acquisition (mapping), real estate, and other applicable areas. Exclusive Aerial, LLC will
provide a service that is beneficial to an industry that is already using, and seeking to use, sUASs
for these purposes with a legal and safe option. This will benefit the public with the controlled
operation of sUASs and increase integration into the National Airspace System (NAS).

Exclusive Aerial, LLC sUASs are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the
amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use
of a sUAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air
pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.

Conducting aerial acquisitions with Exclusive Aerial, LLC sUASs, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations.

                                                          2
Previously high resolution digital aerial real estate photography was only affordable to a few
select agencies with deep pockets. Exclusive Aerial, LLC would like to help change this by
employing our sUASs and make aerial photography affordable to everyone.

High quality aerial imagery and data can provide new and enhanced information about a location
being surveyed, inspected, or otherwise measured.

PUBLIC SAFETY

First, and most importantly is safety. Construction continues to be one of the most dangerous
industries in our United States economy. Allowing Birds Eye Aerial Drones, LLC sUASs
operations on construction sites, for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, enables safety
managers to gain valuable, on demand, aerial images. As a result, safety managers can identify
possible hazards that may jeopardize worker health.

Utilizing Birds Eye Aerial Drones, LLC sUAS for aerial acquisitions will not have detrimental
effects to the environment caused by operating a combustible fuel based, large scale manned
aircraft.

Whether helping to protect the public, inspecting infrastructure or acquiring aerial imagery,
sUASs provide real-time situational awareness, enabling better decision-making. Better decision-
making saves lives and protects property.

PRIVACY
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's or
controlling authority's prior consent and knowledge.
Aerial photography/filming will be of people who have also consented to being photographed or
otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place.

Airworthiness of the Inspire

The DJI Inspire 1 is small, light weight, and will operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, far
from airports and in a low risk, low population environments. Approval of this exemption would
thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's)
responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

A critical element of the exemption application involves evidence of the airworthiness of the
Inspire. EA believes that it is in compliance with the requirements of Order 8130.34C,
Airworthiness Certification of Unmanned Aircraft Systems and Optionally Piloted Aircraft, in its
use of system developed by DJI.3 The Inspire has a high degree of redundancy and numerous
safety features, including:

      Return-to-home failsafe in the event of a loss of communications or low battery
      Configurable Geo-fenced limitations for area of operation and altitude
      Configurable limitations for vertical and horizontal speed
      High visibility lighting system

                                                          3
      Interactive on screen display for streaming real time systems data.

Mandatory Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to Exclusive Aerial, LLC will be subject to the following mandatory
conditions, which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public
entities pursuant to Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions:

· Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property.
· Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
· Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
· Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).

         o VLOS guaranteed with a cylinder of operation around operator of 1/2 nautical miles
         (NM).
         o Cylinder walls may be expanded by observer with ability to control aircraft.
· Operations to occur during daylight hours.
· Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 500 feet and below.
· All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from centerline
azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds. Unless otherwise approved by
local airport authority and NOTAM'd as such
· Operator will file a NOTAM for each flight, as required.
· All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.

Operator Requirements

Exclusive Aerial, LLC respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account
the characteristics of the particular UAS. Certain UASs, such as the DJI Inspire1, are
characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control and various built-in technical
capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth
above.

The Inspire has a semi-autonomous navigation and control system comprised of a Ground
Control Station (GCS) and auto pilot system. Flights can be pre-programmed and operate with
GPS guidance and may not require human intervention. Additional automated safety functions
and safety enhancing features of the Inspire include the
following:

         · Auto-pilot detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an immediate
         vertical landing, unless overridden by pilot in command.
         · Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at GCS at 35% and 10% levels.
         · If the auto-pilot detects a lost-link to the GCS for longer than 30 seconds, return-to-
         home sequence initiates.
         · Aircraft has an on-board failsafe that limits vertical speed to approximately 6 m/s
         (configurable).
         · The aircraft, weighing less than 7 lbs., fully loaded, is constructed of composite material

                                                          4
         intended to absorb impact energy.
         · The motors are driven by pulse width modulated signals, not analog signals.

Given these safety features, Exclusive Aerial, LLC proposes that the operator and Inspire1
together are more than qualified to operate commercial flights while maintaining the highest
level of safety standards.

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemption. Given
the size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no
explosives or other dangerous materials, the Inspire poses no threat to national security. The
operator has also had extensive TSA background screenings for his current employment required
under FAR Part 121.

LIST OF ATTACHMENTS
1. Pre Flight/Post Flight Checklist
2. DJI Inspire1, Operating Manual
3. DJI Inspire1, Maintenance Manual
4. DJI Inspire1, Safety Guidelines
5. DJI Inspire1 Quickstart Guide
6. DJI Inspire1 Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
7. DJI Disclaimer and Warning document for Inspire1

APPENDIX A

EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Exclusive Aerial, LLC requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the Inspire:

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b): Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation provides:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.

The Inspire has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the UAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the forward fuselage in compliance with § 45.29(f).

                                                          5
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having the Inspire marked as required by
§ 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with the UAV will see the identification
of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation,
Exemption Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)
Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the
aircraft (under 7lbs.) and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is
unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to
achieve or exceed current safety levels.
Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,
upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
and populated areas of the UAS involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the Inspire operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. The
Inspire weighs less than 7 lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry
flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area pre-disclosed and in compliance with
conditions set forth herein. Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and
monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the conditions set forth above, and by local public
safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filing of
NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior permission of the land owner, the size of the aircraft, the lack of
flammable fuel, and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all
establish the equivalent level of safety. The Inspire construction with absorbent material provides
at least an equivalent level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with conventional
aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers, cargo, and
flammable fuel.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished
from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when
drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot or higher rating as
the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b)

                                                          6
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the Inspire
without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the Inspire. Given
the size of the aircraft and the requirements that have presumably already been met in the SAC
approval process for the Inspire (for instance, the Inspire's Maintenance & Inspection Manual
and Safety Checklist), an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with
the Exclusive Aerial, LLC manuals prior to each flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
The regulation provides:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2)...For which an Airplane or
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available
         in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
         material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Given the size and configuration of the Inspire, it has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room
or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual (see, e.g., User
Guide, Exhibit 2) at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate
access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction
These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls. The Inspire is a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, does not have fully functional
dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates
with the aircraft via radio communications. The flight plan is pre-programmed into the auto pilot
before flight and only in unusual circumstances will the pilot input control functions to alter the
pre-programmed flight. If instruction is accomplished through a training program, as set forth in
Exhibit 2, an equivalent level of safety will be assured. The FAA has approved exemptions for
flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight
instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by the manufacturer providing the training as outlined, for example, in
Exhibit 2 and through the use of experienced and qualified pilots familiar with the Inspire1.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c)
limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not
be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
As set forth herein, the Inspire will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. Because aerial
survey work must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet
AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

                                                          7
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the Inspire is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land owner
or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all affected
individuals will be aware of the survey flights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted
with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 7 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk
associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional
aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude operations of the UAS will
maintain separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations of conventional
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
The Inspire batteries provide approximately 20 minutes of powered flight. Without an exemption
from § 14 CFR 91.151, the UAS's flights would be limited to approximately 20 minutes in
length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those proposed
operations, a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.
Exclusive Aerial, LLC believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within
the scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, without 30 minutes of
reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent
given the size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger,
or cargo also enhances its safety. In the unlikely event that the Inspire1 should run out of fuel, it
would simply land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than
contemplated by the current regulation. Exclusive Aerial, LLC believes that an equivalent level
of safety can be achieved by maintaining 25% battery reserve, which would be more than
adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
This regulation provides as follows:

         (a)...no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has...an appropriate and current
         airworthiness certificate.
         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The Inspire1 fully loaded weighs no more than 7 lbs. As such, there is no ability or place to carry
certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS. In addition, there is no
pilot on board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

                                                          8
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections
Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter..." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section
91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate.
Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance
work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and
records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

Maintenance of the Inspire will be accomplished by the owner/operator pursuant to the manuals,
such as Exhibit 3, provided by Exclusive Aerial, LLC. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because the UAS is small in size, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas,
and is not a complex mechanical device. As provided in the attached User Manual and the Safety
Checklist, the operator of Inspire1 will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed.
Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain
the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of safety.

APPENDIX B

SUMMARY OF EA SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

Exemption numbers 11606, 11607, and 11558 are just a few of the past granted exemptions
using the Inspire1 and the similar purposed uses and as such, they should be taken into
consideration. In addition, we believe the substantial experience of the PIC weighs heavily in
favor of granting an exemption. Exclusive Aerial LLC hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a
summary of its exemption application to allow commercial operation of the Inspire unmanned
aircraft in precision aerial survey, inspection, video, and photo work. An exemption is requested
from the following regulations:

· 14 C.F.R. Part 21
· 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
· 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
· 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.7(b)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.119
· 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
· 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)

                                                          9
THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

Exclusive Aerial, LLC submits that grant of this exemption application advances the
Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of
sUASs into the NAS if it can be accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of
Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard
to users of the NAS, the public, or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
          Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act §333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id.§333(c).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have current airworthiness
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial
service:

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
         under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 4470244716 of this title if the
         Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with use of sUASs for
aerial videography/photography, the reduction or elimination of unregulated operators, and the
safe integration of UASs. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the
requested exemption without delay.

Conclusion

As set forth herein, Exclusive Aerial, LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 from the requirements of 14
CFR § 21; 61.113 (a) & (b); 61.133 (a); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b); 91.109 (a); 91.119
(c); 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203; 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b),
which will permit safe operation of the sUASs commercially, without an airworthiness
certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial imagery over small, defined operational
areas of the United States.

                                                         10
Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of Exclusive Aerial, LLC sUASs
will increase safety by permitting an operator to conduct a service safely by adhering to the
prescribed guidelines. The exemption will also encourage the education of sUAS operators and
the adoption of FAA guidelines and approval for commercial sUAS operations as pertains to
Birds Eye Aerial Drones, LLC employees and contractors. It will allow Exclusive Aerial, LLC
to provide a service that benefits the public and local businesses. It benefits the public through a
higher level of safety of sUAS operations and through a smooth integration of sUASs into the
NAS. Having a pilot owned business bridges the gap between the advancement of sUAS
technology and the current practices and operations in the NAS and with the FAA. This assists
the FAA with its mission of promoting aviation while preserving safety of aviators, the public,
and property. The sUASs operated by Exclusive Aerial, LLC satisfies the criteria set forth in
§333 of the Reform Act­size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, operation within visual line
of sight, and national security­and showing an equivalent level of safety to manned aircraft
flights through appropriate pilot certification and safety focused standards of operation,
providing more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing
commercial operations. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the
Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also
advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Exclusive Aerial, LLC to safely, efficiently,
and economically operate the sUASs commercially within the NAS.
Thank you for your review of this matter.

Respectfully,

Dustin Beck
ATP#3030128
CFII#3030128
Exclusive Aerial, LLC

                                                         11
