March 20, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11217
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0954

Mr. William V. O'Connor
Counsel for Notus Access Group
Morrison & Foerster LLP
12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100
San Diego, CA 92130

Dear Mr. O'Conner:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 12, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Notus Access Group (NAG) for an exemption from part 21 subpart H,
part 27, §§ 45.23(b), 45.27(a), 61.113, 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2) and (c), 91.103, 91.109(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a) and (b), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2),
and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate the InstantEye Mk­2 unmanned aircraft system (UAS)
to conduct aerial inspections of wind turbine blades and towers.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to NAG.

Airworthiness Certification

AFS-15-153-E
                                                                                                                 2

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an InstantEye Mk­2 rotorcraft in a quad-copter
configuration with four propellers and four electric motors, measuring 10 inches wide, and
with a total weight of approximately 1 pound.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR part 21 Certification procedures for
products and parts and part 27 Airworthiness Standards, the FAA finds that, based on the
limited size, weight, operating conditions, and the imposed conditions and limitations, the
petitioner has demonstrated that its operations would not adversely affect safety compared to
similar operations conducted with aircraft that have been issued an airworthiness certificate
under 14 CFR part 21, subpart H. In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section
333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. 44704, and in consideration of the size,
weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the
Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section
333.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial photography and inspection. The FAA has issued
grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in
your petition. In Grant of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), 11153 to Burnz Eye View, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0519), 11157
to Slugwear, Inc. dba Likeonatree Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0534), 11175 to State
Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0846) and 11171
to Asymmetric Technologies, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0816), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--
 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of

    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11153, 11157, 11171, and 11175;
 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11153, 11157, 11171,

    and 11175 also apply to the situation you present; and
 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Notus Access Group is granted an exemption from
§§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS
                                                                                                                 3

for the purpose of aerial inspections of wind turbine blades and towers. This exemption is
subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Notus Access Group is hereafter referred to as the
operator.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

    1. Notus Access Group Flight Operations Area
    2. Notus Access Group Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual
    3. InstantEye Mk-2 Training Manual
    4. InstantEye Mk-2 Gen3 sUAS Operator Training Guide
    5. InstantEye Mk-2 Gen3 sUAS Specifications

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

     1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
          described in the operating documents, which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less
          than 2 pounds: InstantEye Mk2 Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of
          any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

     2. UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting operations for the
          purpose of performing aerial inspections of wind turbine blades and towers used in
          the renewable energy industry.

     3. The UA may not be flown at a groundspeed in excess of 22 knots (25 mph).

     4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
          (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
          altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

     5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
          This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other
          than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical
          certificate.
                                                                                                           4

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy
    the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The
    VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging
    or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated
    before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the
    flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the
    operating documents.

7. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
    avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
    permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

8. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
    procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise
    its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

9. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
    safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
    UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has
    been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
    Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance
    and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
    must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight
    must make an entry in the aircraft records.
                                                                                                           5

11. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
    components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
    operating documents.

12. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
    aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished,
    and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

14. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    Bulletins.

15. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
    class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
    specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

17. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
    qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
    including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
    from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be
    logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). The VO is also required to
    complete the operator's training requirements. A record of training must be
    documented and made available upon request by the Administrator. Flights for the
    purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and
    experience-building), are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions.
    During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential
                                                                                                           6

    for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
    Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

19. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM), as required by the operator's
    Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). The letter of agreement with the
    airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

20. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

22. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
    intended landing point and land the UA with 20% battery power remaining.

24. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to
    conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will require the
    operator to request a NOTAM not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than
    48 hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with
    airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude
    level and potential transponder requirements.

25. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                                                                           7

    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
    (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

28. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aviation operations
    and activities at all times.

29. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons (persons other than the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons),
    vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

       a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
            persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
            must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
            situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
            within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

       b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
            owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
            and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
            those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;

       c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
            present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).
                                                                                           8

32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
