July 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12091
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0702

Ms. Kelly J. Neubecker, Esq.
UASolutions Group, Inc.
2518 Auburn Drive
Cocoa, FL 32926

Dear Ms. Neubecker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision agriculture operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the UAV Solutions, Inc. Phoenix 60, Phoenix 60LE,
Talon 120LE, and DJI Spreading Wings S900.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the UAV Solutions,
         Inc. Phoenix 60, Phoenix 60LE, Talon 120LE, and DJI Spreading Wings S900 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                UASolutions Group, Inc.
                                2518 Auburn Drive, Cocoa FL 32926
                                Tel: (321) 261-2547

                                                                  Kellyneubecker@uasolutionsgroup.com

March 17, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation

Docket Operations
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Petition for an Exemption to Conduct Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sSUAS)
Operations Allowed by Section 333 of the Federal Aviation Administration Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

A. Summary
         On behalf of our clients, Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. and pursuant to Section 333 of the

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA"),
Subsection (f) of 49 U.S.C. § 44701, and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. ("Farm
Crisp") (hereafter known as the "Petitioner"), an operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
("sUAS") equipped to conduct aerial imaging, seeks exemption from the following listed Code of
Federal Regulations ("CFR") to allow commercial operation of the DJI Spreading Wings S900
("S900") within the National Airspace System (NAS) for controlled, low-risk, precision
agriculture operations, conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein, or as may be
established by the FAA, as required by Section 333 requirements.

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
the S900 sUAS by Petitioner under controlled conditions in predetermined airspace that is
1) Limited in scope 2) Controlled as to access by mission essential personnel only and
3) Provides improved safety controls and efficiency to the agricultural industry presently using
conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the

               1

SPH-2134068-1
Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system" as
stated within Section 333(c) of the FMRA. In making this determination, the Secretary is
required to determine which types of sUAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public or pose a threat to national security in light of the aircraft's size, weight, speed and
operational capability; Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to airports and population
centers; Operation of a sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

         Grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based upon the concise
direction expressed within section 333 of the reform act; the added authority granted by the Act,
as amended; an equivalent level of safety regarding flight operations as expressed herein, and
significant cost savings achieved by transitioning from traditional manned aerial resources to
sUASs. The petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay. Petitioner will operate the S900 sUAS while keeping the documents required by the
regulations at the ground control station and immediately accessible to the Pilot in Command
(PIC) and by modification of the required markings (registration number) of the sUAS to be
displayed on the fuselage of the unmanned aircraft.

The name and address of the Petitioner is:

Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc.

The primary contacts for this petition, with a copy to me at the address above are:

Sean Kish, CEO             Tom Lang, CTO / COO

Ph: 703-304-1771           Ph: 719-942-3657

Email: sean@farmcrisp.com Email: tom@farmcrisp.com

Address: 900 Parish St., 4th Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15220

B. Regulations ­ Exemptions Requested

         a. 14 C.F.R. 45.27(a),
         b. 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b),
         c. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a),
         d. 14 C.F.R. 91.105,
         e. 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
         f. 14 C.F.R. 91.121,
         g. 14 C.F.R. 91.151(b),
         h. 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a),
         i. 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1),

                                                          2
         j. 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
         k. 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b).

C. Corporate Background
         Farm Crisp is an imaging service company, with the operational infrastructure to provide

imagery for various agricultural markets in different geographies in a safe, convenient, and legal
manner.

         Farm Crisp's sUAS for specific summer farming commitments is the S900, weighing
approximately 3.3kg (7.3lbs) with a maximum takeoff weight of about 8.2kg (18.1lbs), including
payload, and under normal conditions at a maximum speed of no more than 16 m/s (31knots).
Farm Crisp will operate only in visual line of sight (VLOS) and will operate only within the
sterile geographic areas as defined by the subsequent FAA approved Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA). Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to
users of the national airspace system or the "public" as stated in Section 333 of the FMRA.

 D. Airworthiness
         A critical element of consideration for grant of the petition is evidence of an equivalent

 level of safety for airworthiness of the sUAS. The FAA has been authorized to exempt aircraft
 from the requirement for an actual airworthiness certificate in accordance with the statutory
 criteria provided in Section 333 of PL 112-95 in reference to 49 USC 44704, in consideration of
 the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation.
 However, Petitioner believes it has achieved compliance with various requirements, including
 specifics contained within FAA Order 8130.34 series that ensures the safety of operations.

         In support of these characteristics, along with the published S900 User's Manual, A2
Flight Control System User Manual, and Ground Station Wireless Data-link User manual, Farm
Crisp submits the following additional documents and manuals as attachments to this exemption
request, to provide the details for review by the FAA. The following are a set of Confidential
Documents under 14 CFR 11.35(b) as each document and manual contains proprietary
information that the applicant has not and will not share with others. The documents and
manuals contain specifications, operating conditions and procedures, maintenance procedures
and a safety management program that are not available to the public and are protected from
release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 USC 552 et.seq.

                  · Farm Crisp Flight Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM)
                  · Farm Crisp Safety Management Systems Manual (SMS)

                                                          3
                  · Farm Crisp Maintenance Manual (MM)
                  · Farm Crisp Aircrew Training Program (ATP)

 E. DJI S900 Summary

         Petitioner seeks an exemption to operate the S900 for limited approved commercial
purposes within the NAS1. The S900 is a multi-rotor sUAS aircraft built with a carbon
airframe and a transportable ground station. Farm Crisp will utilize the DJI PC Ground
Control Station software operating within the 900MHz-2.4GHz unlicensed frequency
bandwidth. The S900 has an empty weight of 3.3 kg (7.3lb) with a maximum payload weight
of 4.9 kg (10.8 lb), making the maximum takeoff weight 8.2 kg (18.1 lb). The S900 carries
6- Cell Lithium Polymer batteries, ranging between 10,000-20,000 mAh, which facilitates up
to 15-18 minutes of flight time. The S900 will be equipped with the DJI A2 multi-rotor
autopilot which provides a maximum cruise speed of 16 m/s (31kts). The DJI autopilots
feature auto-takeoff and landing, auto go home and landing, GPS waypoint navigation,
direction lock, and GIS mapping. Specifications for the S900 platform include:

         · Diameter: 900 mm (2.95ft)
         · Maximum Weight:8.2 kg (18.1 lb)
         · Number of Motors: 6
         · Power of Motors: 500 W
         · Maximum Cruise Speed: 16 m/s ( 31 kts)
         · Maximum Climb Rate: 6 m/s (-1200 fpm)
         · Maximum Wind Speed: 8 m/s (15.6 kts)
F. Regulatory Basis for Petition
         Petitioner, pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 11.61(b), 11.81, 2 and the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA"), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft
Systems ("Section 333"), hereby respectfully petitions the Administrator for an exemption from
the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§, 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151 (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).

1 Farm Crisp will submit Aircraft Registration Applications as required, upon the grant of the
exemptions sought by this petition.
2 14 C.F.R. § 11.61(b) ("Using a petition for exemption, you may ask FAA to grant you relief from
current regulations in 14 C.F.R."), 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 ("What information must I include in my
petition for an exemption")?

                                                          4
         1. Section 333
         Congress identifies Section 333 of the FMRA, as a pathway for "expedited operational
authorization" of certain sUAS in the NAS. Section 333 (b)(1) ("expedited operational
authorization.").3 Under Section 333 Congress mandates that the FAA "shall determine if certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion
of the plan and rulemaking required by Section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by
section 334 of this Act" (Section 333(a)) upon consideration of its "size, weight, speed, operational
capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight."
Section 333(b)(1). If the FAA makes such a determination, the FAA "shall [also] establish
requirements for the safe operation." Section 333(c). The FAA further may find that the sUAS does
not require "airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code." Section
333(b)(2).
         2. 49 U.S.C. § 44701
         The FAA is further authorized to grant exemptions from its safety regulations and
minimum standards under 49 U.S.C. § 44701 ("Section 44701") "if the Administrator finds
the exemption is in the public interest." Section 44701(f)4 (authorizing the grant of
exemptions from safety regulations and minimum standards under Section 44701(a) and (b) and
Sections 44702-44716).5
         For the reasons addressed herein, this Petition qualifies for expedited approval of
Petitioner's request for exemption under both Section 333 of the FMRA and 49 U.S.C § 44701.

G. S900 Statutory Criteria for Exemption under Section 333
         Given its small size, light weight, slow speed, limited load capacity, superior

operational capabilities, and that the operations will be conducted only during the day, under
visual meteorological conditions ("VMC"), within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC, with

3 See also www.faa.gov/sUAS/legislative_programs/section_333/ (noting that Section 333 grants
the FAA "the statutory flexibility to expedite requirements for the safe operation of certain aircraft
systems in the NAS.").

4 Under 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), the "Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement

of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702-
44716 of [Title 49] if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest."

5 See e.g. 49 USC §44711(a)(1) prohibiting operations without airworthiness certificate; (2)
prohibiting serving as airman without airman's certificate; (5) prohibiting commercial operations in

violation of regulations); 49 USC §44704 (issuance of airworthiness certificate); 14 C.F.R. §91.203

(a)(1) (carry airworthiness certificate)).

                                            5
the assistance of a visual safety observer ("VO"), and confined within the boundaries of a
consenting landowner's property and not in the proximity of airports or populated areas, the
S900 is the very category of sUAS that qualifies for expedited approval under Section 333.

1. Operational Capability

The S900 was specially designed for low altitude surveillance, photography, and sensor

management. Supported by electric batteries that are rechargeable, the S900 can fly from 15-18

minutes (*depending upon atmospheric conditions) and carry a variety of cameras or sensors.

Other Operational metrics of the S900 are as follows:

Frame

Diagonal Wheelbase               900mm

Frame Arm Length                 358mm

Frame Arm Weight                 316g
(with Motor, ESC, Propeller )

Center Frame Diameter            272mm

Center Frame Weight (with Landing Gear
                                                             1185g

Mounting Base, Servos)

Landing Gear Size                460mm(Length)×450mm(Width)×360mm(Height)

Motor

Stator Size                      41×14mm

kV                               400rpm/V
Max Power                        500W
Weight (with Cooling Fan)        158g
ESC
Working Current                  40A

Working Voltage                     6S LiPo
Signal Frequency                    30Hz ~ 450Hz
Drive PWM Frequency                 8KHz
Weight (with Radiators)             35g
Foldable Propeller (1552/1552R)
Material                            High strength performance engineered plastics
Size                                15×5.2 inch
Weight                              13g
Flight Parameters
Takeoff Weight                      4.7Kg ~ 8.2Kg
Total Weight                        3.3Kg

                                 6
Power Battery                    LiPo (6S, 10000mAh ~ 15000mAh, 15C(Min))
Max Power Consumption            3000W
Hovering Power Consumption       1000W (@6.8Kg Takeoff Weight)
Hovering Time                    18min (@12000mAh & 6.8Kg Takeoff Weight)
Working Environment Temperature  -10°C ~ 40°C

         2. Proximity to Airports/Population Centers or Areas

         Flight operations pursuant to this Petition will be tightly controlled and restricted to
low risk rural areas within Class G airspace at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level ("AGL"). All altitudes reported to ATC will be in AGL when required. Any operations
conducted within 5 nautical miles (NM) of the geographic center of a non-towered airport will
obtain a Letter of Agreement with the appropriate airport management and made available to
FAA upon request. In addition, access to any property will be limited to persons associated with
and necessary to flight operations.

         3. Visual Line-of-Sight
          The minimum crew for each operation will consist of a PIC and VO. The VO will be
 used as an additional mitigation to satisfy the VLOS requirement, but the PIC will always
 maintain VLOS with the sSUAS. The S900 will at all times be flown by Petitioner only in the
 daytime (not at night) under VMC, within VLOS of the PIC, with the further assistance of the
 VO with whom the PIC will have the ability for direct and continuous two-way verbal
 communications6 so as to ensure that the flight operations remain within the PIC's VLOS and
 prescribed flight boundaries and de-conflict with objects in the air and on the ground. Thus,
 pursuant to the FAA Order 8900.1 Volume 16, Chapter 1, Section 3, the proposed operations
 will provide an approved method of control and collision avoidance to satisfy the "see and
 avoid" requirement of 14 C.F.R. § 91.113:
 Only qualified and current PIC's and VOs, as provided in the FOPM will be used.

4. Other Factors

6 [PIC and VO are within speaking distance and all communications between PIC and VO will be

without communications equipment]
                                                          7
                  a. S900 Safety Systems

         Petitioner proposes that requirements should take into account the characteristics of this
particular sUAS. The S900 is characterized by a high degree of pre-programmed control,
various built-in technical capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the
operating conditions as set forth below, and many built-in functional, safety and redundancy
features to ensure a safe and reliable operation. At a minimum: geo-fencing at a maximum
ceiling of 400' AGL, flight programming capabilities, a flight termination link available to the
operator to prevent a "fly away," and safe abort procedures. If the S900 loses communications or
its GPS signal, it will return to a pre-determined location and land or be recovered in accordance
with the FOPM. The S900 will have markings identifying the serial number and identification
(N-number) markings as large as practicable. Further, Farm Crisp operations will comply with
all manufacturer Safety Bulletins. As previously stated, Farm Crisp will incorporate the
associated DJI A2 Flight Control System into the S900.

         The A2 is capable of controlling various multi-rotor platforms and offers high accuracy
performance through a unique damping design and calibration algorithm. The high performance
of the A2 guarantees stable flight in the presence of high vibration and winds. The A2 Flight
Control System includes the controller unit with a built-in receiver, a power management unit, an
inertial measurement unit, a Bluetooth unit, and a GPS & Compass. Detailed descriptions of each
subsystem can be seen below.

         Controller Unit:
                  · Output signals for up to eight electronic speed controllers (ESCs)
                  · Built-in receiver based on DJI DESST technology, which is compatible
                           with Futaba FASST and DJI DESST transmitters
                           o Two available ports for connecting Spektrum or JR DSM2 satellite
                                    receivers.
                  · Two CAN-Bus ports
                           o Sensors
                           o Power Management
                  · Four independent and configurable output channels

Power Management Unit:

                        8
· Provides dual Battery Eliminator Circuits (BECs)
         o PW port provides power to the whole flight control system with
                  current no more than 2A
         o PX port provides 3A at 5V and V-SEV signal

· Two CAN-Bus ports for connecting peripheral devices

Inertial Measurement Unit:
         · High quality components, with build in damper, precisely calibrated
                  with temperature compensation in all gyros and sensors
         · Built-in pressure sensor for altitude determination

Blue Tooth Unit:
         · Connects to ground station for real-time parameter configuration, flight
                  monitoring, and waypoint navigation

GPS & Compass
         · Determines aircraft inertial position
         · Measures geomagnetic field for correcting heading estimations

         b. Safety Management System
A Safety Management System (SMS) will regulate Petitioner's operation of the S900

and will significantly contribute to maintaining the level of safety contemplated by the

airworthiness certificate requirements from which Petitioner now seeks relief.

Pursuant to the SMS and 14 C.F.R. § 43.13, entitled Performance Rules (general), each

person performing maintenance, alteration, or preventive maintenance on the S900, motor,

propeller, or appliance shall use the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
current manufacturer's User's Manual or Instructions for Continued Airworthiness prepared by

its manufacturer, or other methods, techniques, and practices acceptable to the Administrator.

Each person shall use the tools and equipment necessary to assure completion of the work in

accordance with accepted industry practices.

c. Flight Operation Limitations and Safety

To ensure consistent safety operations, Petitioner has developed a detailed Flight

Operations and Procedures Manual (FOPM) based upon procedures, notices and guidance the

FAA has provided to obtain exemption under Section 333, (submitted on a proprietary and

confidential basis to the FAA).

                                              9
        In seeking this exemption, Petitioner proposes to operate the S900 pursuant to the

following specific operating limitations:

        1. Flight operations are permitted in Class G Airspace.

        2. The S900 shall only be operated at or below 400 ft AGL.

        3. The S900 shall be operated within VLOS of the PIC and safety VO.

        4. The S900 shall be operated pursuant to Day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) in visual

                 meteorological conditions (VMC). The S900 shall be operated only during

                 daylight hours (i.e. between the end of morning civil twilight and the beginning of

                 evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air Almanac, converted to

                 local time).

        5. The S900 shall operate from on-site takeoff/landing locations directly next to the

                 PIC and co-located VO. The PIC and the VO shall be able to verbally

                 communicate during all operations.

        6. Operations shall be conducted by certificated airmen who possess a minimum
                 of a Private Pilot's Certificate and a valid third class medical certificate, as

                 well as completed training, checking, currency, and recency of experience.

        7. The PIC requirements will include the following:
                           a. FAA licensed airman must possess a minimum of a Private Pilot's
                           Certificate and a valid third class medical certificate.
                           b. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent with 14
                           C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of 50 flight cycles and 12 hours of total time as
                           a sUAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours as a sUAS pilot with a similar
                           sUAS type (single or multi-rotor), such log of which shall be made available to
                           the administrator upon request.
                           c. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged (in a manner consistent with 14
                           C.F.R. § 61.51(b)) a minimum of five flight hours as a sUAS pilot operating
                           the make and model of sUAS to be used for operations under the exemption
                           (e.g. S900) and three take-offs and three landings in the preceding 90 days,
                           such log of which shall be made available to the Administrator upon request.
                           d. Have successfully completed the qualification process as specified in the
                           FOPM to include a knowledge and skill test in accordance with the Aircrew
                           Training Manual.
                           e. Meet flight review requirements as specified in 14 CFR §61.56 in an
                           aircraft in which the PIC is rated on their pilot certificate.

        8. The PIC and VO will have been trained in the operation of sUAS generally and

                 received up-to-date information on S900 operations.

        9. The VO will hold at least a third class medical and will have training to
                                                          10
communicate to the PIC any instructions necessary for safe operations.

10. If a pilot certificate holder other than the PIC, who possesses the necessary PIC

qualifications, is also present during flight operations, that person can also be

designated as PIC and will follow the procedures as defined within the FOPM to

assume control.

11. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned operations prior to each

flight as detailed within the FOPM. It will be mandatory that all personnel who

are performing duties within the boundaries of the flight operations safety

perimeter be present for the briefing.

12. The S900 will only operate within a confined geographic area as defined in the

subsequent FAA approved COA.

13. At least three (3) days before scheduled operations, operator shall submit a written

Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) with

jurisdiction over the area of proposed operations, such submission of which may

be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. If required by the FSDO to be

submitted, the Plan of Activities shall include: dates and times for all flights;
operator's and on-scene flight operator's name and phone number; sUAS make,
model and serial or N-number; PIC's name and certificate number; statement that

the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or local officials to

conduct the operations (such list of those who gave permission to be made

available upon request); description of the planned flight activity, including, as

applicable, maps or diagrams of the area, city, town, county and/or state over

which the operation will be conducted, and the altitudes essential to accomplish

the operation; signature of the exemption holder or representative.

14. Petitioner will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA prior to

conducting any actual flight operations.

15. Petitioner will file a NOTAM for each flight no more than 72 hours but no less

than 48 hours prior to each flight with the appropriate FSDO.

16. Any operations that will be conducted within 5 nautical miles (NM) of the

geographic center of a non-towered airport will obtain a Letter of Agreement

with the appropriate airport management and made available to FAA upon

request.

                              11
17. Prior to flight operations, Petitioner shall coordinate 1 hour ahead of the proposed
         flight a communication with the nearest local Air Traffic Control facility
         indicating location, altitude and duration of the proposed flight.

18. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
         county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other
         appropriate governmental agencies at least 12 hours in advance of any flight
         operation.

19. The S900 shall be marked with an identification (N-Number) in accordance with
         14 C.F.R. § 45.23, such markings to be as large as practicable pursuant to 14
         C.F.R. § 45.29(f), and identified by a serial number registered in accordance with
         14 C.F.R. Part 47.

20. All flights will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
         operations and activities at all times, including, but not limited to: ultralight
         vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.

21. Flights will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
         horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
         PIC.

22. For the proposed flight operation, only one S900 shall be airborne at any given
         time.

23. The S900 shall only be operated at or below an airspeed of 16 Meters Per
         Second (31kts).

24. Prior to performing any flight operations, the PIC and VO shall have
         successfully completed a qualifying process, as provided in the FOPM.

25. Any time the S900 is operating, all documents required under 14 C.F.R. § 91.9
         and § 91.203 shall be available to the PIC at the GCS. Such documents shall be
         made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
         request.

26. The S900 shall not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
         consenting personnel required for flight/imaging operations,

27. Prior to performing any flight operations, a pre-flight checklist will be used by a
         qualified PIC as provided in the FOPM. Documentation of such pre-flight
         check shall be made in the aircraft records and such records shall be made
                                                  12
         available to the Administrator upon request.
28. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the S900 shall

         comply with the requirements of S900 manuals and the FOPM. The S900 shall at
         all times be operated to ensure a safe distance away from all participating and non-
         participating personnel, at least 500 feet away from persons not involved in the
         flight operations (non-participating persons). This distance may be reduced to no
         less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and such person provides
         his/her prior consent.
29. Other than for takeoff and landing, the S900 shall be operated at least 100 feet
         away from persons involved in the flight operations (participating persons), such
         participating persons shall at all times be essential to the flight operations and
         have provided prior written consent to their participation in such operations.
30. The flight will be terminated at 20% battery power reserve or 3 minutes, whichever
         occurs first.
31. Prior to each flight, the PIC shall inspect the S900, including any inoperable
         components, items or equipment, to ensure it is in an airworthy condition for
         safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects flight readiness or
         safe operations, the S900 shall not be operated until the necessary maintenance
         has been performed and it is found to be in a condition for safe flight. Any
         discrepancies and all maintenance or alterations shall be documented in the
         aircraft records, such records to be made available to the Administrator upon
         request.
32. Except as may be designated otherwise for Fail-Safe operations, the S900 shall
         take off and land at a location within the boundaries of the subject property next to
         the PIC.
33. Upon loss of communication or GPS signal, the S900 shall return to a
         predetermined location within the boundaries of the landowner's property and
         land or be recovered in accordance with the Operator's Manuals.
34. In the event of an emergency or unanticipated obstacle to planned operations,
         the operation shall be aborted and the S900, if airborne, shall return to a
         predetermined location.
35. The S900 shall be maintained in accordance with the manufacturer's

                                                  13
                 recommended practices and in accordance with the Farm Crisp Maintenance
                 Manual, including any amendments or updates thereto. All amendments or
                 updates shall be tracked and a record of such amendments or updates shall be
                 maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request.
        36. All maintenance to be performed on the S900 shall be performed by a qualified
                 technician.
        37. Farm Crisp will follow the manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
                 overhaul, replacement, inspection and life limit requirements.
        38. Any incident, accident or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
                 boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be
                 reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office within 24 hours. Accidents shall
                 also be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB). Further
                 flight operations shall not be conducted until the incident, accident or
                 transgression is reviewed by the UAS Integration Office and authorization to
                 resume operations is provided.
                  d. Privacy
        Petitioner will comply with all federal, state, and/or local privacy regulations that may
apply in the areas in which Petitioner will operate the S900 pursuant to this Petition. Further,
Petitioner's policy is to avoid operations that might invade personal privacy in accordance
with Petitioner's privacy policy available to the administrator upon request.
                 e. Physical Security
        In order to ensure its safe and proper use, Petitioner will be the only operator of the S900
and the S900 will at all times remain in Petitioner's custody.
         5. .Lack of Threat to the NAS, Public, or National Security
         For the reasons previously addressed, including meeting Section 333(b)(1) criteria,
Petitioner's established record of safety and the small size of the sUAS involved and the
controlled sterile area within which they will operate, Petitioner falls squarely within that zone
of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence immediately. Petitioner will
operate the S900 in accordance with the aforementioned flight limitations without creating a
hazard to other aircraft or persons or property on the ground. The fact that each PIC will be
required to be screened by the Department of Homeland Security, approval of the petition presents no

                                                          14
threat to national security. Further, given its small size and limit load capacity, the S900 sUAS is
incapable of carrying any substantial external load, including explosive materials or flammable
liquids.

         For all of these reasons, Petitioner's proposed operations using the S900 qualify for expedited
approval of the sought exemption pursuant to Section 333 for the specified uses and under the
proposed operating requirements and restrictions.
H. Public Interest Benefits
Granting Petitioner's request for exemption would benefit the public and have no adverse effect
on safety for the following reasons.

                  1. Public Interest Generally
        The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear
direction in Section 333 and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), the equivalent and enhanced level of
safety of the proposed operations, the significant public benefit, and cost savings to be
realized as a result of the use of sUAS for precision agricultural aerial imaging and
survey services. Moreover, the FAA has granted similar exemptions for sUAS used to
conduct high resolution aerial imaging and surveying operations.7 The S900 is a battery
powered sUAS that serves as a safer, more efficient, and economical alternative to larger and
heavier manned aircraft carrying flammable liquid fuels, traditionally use for precision agricultural
aerial surveying. This will provide for an added superior level of safety to persons and property
in the air and on the ground than that provided by manned aircraft performing the same
operations. No pilot or crew need be airborne and granting the exemption would also decrease
the number of manned aircraft in the NAS and, as a result, reduce congestion as well as the
environmental impact of such operations. Using the S900 also provides the benefit of greater
operational flexibility and reduced cost when compared to manned aircraft.

                  a. Increased Aircrew Safety and Reduced Risk to Persons/Property On Ground
         Because the S900 is unmanned, the proposed operations eliminate the risk to pilot and crew
associated with flying such aerial-surveying missions in confined airspace at low altitude. Further,
given its small size and weight and low airspeed, using the S900 also reduces the risk of damage or

7 See Exemption Nos. 11109, 11110, 11114, 11136, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11172, 11177, 11185
11192, 11193,11195. Farm Crisp Holdings, Inc. requests that the FAA not request public
comment on its application because it would not set a precedent and because the relief requested
is identical to exemptions granted previously. 14 C.F.R. § 11.87.

                                                          15
injury to persons or property on the ground, and in the air, were there to be an unforeseen mishap.
                  b. Reduced Environmental Impact

         Using the S900 sUAS instead of manned aircraft also benefits the public by eliminating or
greatly reducing air and noise pollution associated with traditional aerial imaging operations.
Because it is battery powered and uses electric motors, the S900 sUAS consumes no fuel,
generates no air pollution, and creates very little noise. As a result, the public is benefited as a result
of reduced environmental impact, reduced operator and other human exposure, and greater fuel
conservation, which serves additionally to support our Government's specific efforts to reduce the
U.S.'s carbon footprint.8

                  c. Fewer Manned Aircraft in the NAS and Reduced Need for ATC Handling
         The Farm Crisp S900 also does not require a runway or helipad to takeoff or land and will
not be operated within the close proximity of any airports without prior FAA approval. As such,
fewer aircraft will need to be handled by air traffic control during ground, takeoff, departure,
arrival, and landing phases. Operations pursuant to this Petition will further reduce the number
of manned aircraft flying or transiting at or above 500' AGL to and from the areas of imaging
operations as well as congestion around airports due to aircraft arrival and departure.

                  d. Superior Aerial Imagery and Increased Benefit to U.S. Economy
         Better aerial footage can also be obtained using the small and nimble S900 than can be
obtained using manned aircraft or other ground-based methods. Due to its small size and superior
flight performance characteristics, the S900 allows for images to be taken from certain locations and
angles and with better precision than using manned aircraft. As a result, less time is needed in the air
to obtain the desired footage, which in addition to providing the benefit of fewer aircraft in the NAS
and associated reduced risk to objects and persons and property in the air and on the ground, reduced
noise, etc., allows for the production of surveys, which benefits consumers. This additionally ensures
that companies such as Farm Crisp and its customers remain competitive and profitable, thereby
providing their employees greater job stability, which ultimately contributes further to the U.S.
economy through increased consumer spending.

                  e. Increased Operational Flexibility and Reduced Cost
         Using the S900 also provides the benefit of greater operational flexibility and reduced cost
when compared to manned aircraft. Instead of each time having to hire a manned aircraft at

8 Reducing the U.S.'s carbon footprint is a high priority and consistent with the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency's regulatory efforts to phase out the use of fossil fuels.

                                                          16
thousands of dollars/hour, subject to the pilot's schedule and availability, Petitioner can operate
the S900, which it has purchased and outfitted at lower combined cost, innumerable times and at the
convenience of Petitioner's and its customer's schedules.

         2. No Adverse Safety Effects
         Granting this Petition will also not adversely affect aviation safety or pose any undue
risks to the public. The operations pursuant to this Petition will be in accordance with
Petitioner's internal safety Manuals, including approved processes and checklists and in
compliance with all applicable FAA safety policies and guidance. Accordingly, and as
detailed herein, granting the requested exemption would not adversely affect safety. Indeed, as
detailed below, operations pursuant to the limitations and guidelines addressed herein and the
safety procedures, Petitioner will provide an equivalent level of safety to those regulations
from which Petitioner seeks exemption. The FAA has also recently set precedence by granting
exemptions with similar aerial imaging parameters in all material respects, to those presented
herein. For these reasons Farm Crisp's operations pursuant to this Petition also qualify for an
exemption.
I. Exemptions Sought By Petitioner and Reasons for the Requested Relief
         Pursuant to Section 333, Petitioner seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R. §§ 45.27(a), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.105, 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1) and (2), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b).
         1. Section 45.27(a). Location of marks; non fixed-wing aircraft.
          Section 45.27, entitled Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft, subsection (a) states
 (emphasis added):
          (a) Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft
          horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks
          required by § 45.23.
         To the extent subsection 45.27(a) may be deemed to apply to the S900 sUAS, Petitioner
seeks an exemption from the subsection (i.e., that the marks be displayed on both surfaces of the
cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail) because the S900 sUAS is of insufficient size to accommodate
any such marking. Thus marking the S900 sUAS as required by this subsection would not be
possible.
          An equivalent level of safety can be provided instead by marking the S900 sUAS, as
 may be applicable, with lettering as large as practicable (14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f)) on its largest

                                                          17
 available surface so as to permit such marking to be displayed to pilot, crew, and others both
 when the S900 sUAS is on the ground and airborne.

          2. Section 61.113(a) and (b). Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
                  command.

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b). Section 61.113, entitled
Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, subsections (a) and (b) state
(emphasis added):

         (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who
         holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is
         carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
         for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
         aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
                  hire.
         In general, subsections 61.113 (a) and (b) prohibit a private pilot from conducting
commercial operations. Petitioner seeks exemption from the subsections because the S900 will
not carry a pilot, passengers or property (other than a camera). As addressed, the S900 is a very
light, remotely controlled sUAS with no persons or property on board. The area of operations is
generally remote or sparsely populated. Each flight is planned and fully coordinated in advance
in accordance with those procedures provided in the Safety Manual and FOPM. Thus the risk
associated with the proposed operations is so diminished from that associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61, that allowing a P I C having a private pilot certificate, rather
than a commercial certificate, met the minimum flight hour and qualification criteria, and
operating according to the limitations and guidelines provided herein, provides a level of safety
that exceeds that provided by a pilot having a commercial certificate operating a conventional
aircraft as required under the regulations.
         T he FAA has already set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances
similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein.
          3. Section 91.7(a). Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

                                                          18
         Either finding that Petitioner meets the Section 333 criteria or exemption from the
airworthiness certification requirement under 14 C.F.R. Part 21 renders subsection 91.7(a)
inapplicable.

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a) states (emphasis added):
"No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition." There is no FAA
standard by which such a determination of airworthiness can be made. Nonetheless, given the
limitations and procedures, as contained herein, the Safety Procedures contained within the
SMS, the FOPM, and the Maintenance Manual, for maintaining the aircraft and checking it
before each flight to ensure that it is in peak operational condition, an equivalent level of safety
will be provided.

          4. Section 91.105. Flight crewmembers at stations.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.105. Section 91.105, entitled Flight
crewmembers at stations, states (emphasis added):
         (a) During takeoff and landing, and while en route, each required flight
         crewmember shall--

                  (1) Be at the crewmember station unless the absence is necessary to
                  perform duties in connection with the operation of the aircraft or in
                  connection with physiological needs; and
                  (2) Keep the safety belt fastened while at the crewmember station.

         (b) Each required flight crewmember of a U.S.-registered civil aircraft shall,
         during takeoff and landing, keep his or her shoulder harness fastened while at his
         or her assigned duty station. This paragraph does not apply if--

                  (1) The seat at the crewmember's station is not equipped with a shoulder
                  harness; or,
                  (2) The crewmember would be unable to perform required duties with the
                  shoulder harness fastened.

         In general, Section 91.105 requires pilot and crew to be at their duty stations and
harnessed during flight. Petitioner seeks exemption from the Section 91.105 because the S900
sUAS is by definition an unmanned aircraft, having neither pilot nor crew so as to be stationed or
harnessed as required by the regulation. An equivalent or even higher level of safety can be
provided instead by using an unmanned aircraft controlled by a PIC who at all times is located at

                                                          19
and controls the S900 from the GCS.
         5. Section 91.119(c). Minimum safe altitudes.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c). Section 91.119, entitled Minimum

safe altitudes: General, subsection (d) states (emphasis added):
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
         below the following altitudes:

         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
         may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure.

         Section 91.119(c) establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over other than
congested areas. Petitioner seeks exemption from subsection 91.119(c) because, pursuant to this
Petition, the S900 sUAS will at times be operated at or below 400 feet AGL.

         An equivalent or even higher level of safety can be provided instead by, as provided
herein, operating so as to de-conflict with manned vehicles operating above 500 feet AGL, within
the VLOS of the PIC with the assistance of a VO so as to ensure the safety of and de-confliction
with any persons or property in the air and on the ground, including participating and non-
participating personnel, 100 feet and 500 feet, respectively, away from who the UA would
generally be restricted. Further the S900 sUAS flight operations will be monitored at all times
by both the PIC and VO and will be in compliance with local public safety requirements, so as
to prevent access to the restricted areas of operation.

         The FAA has set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein.

         6. Section 91.121. Altimeter settings.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.121. Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter
settings, requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." Petitioner seeks exemption from Section 91.121 because the
S900 sUAS does not use or have on board a typical barometric altimeter as contemplated by the
regulation.

         Note: An equivalent level of safety will be provided instead, by operating the sUAS at
                                                          20
or below 400 feet AGL, within the VLOS of the PIC (with the assistance of a VO), with altitude
information downlinked from the S900 to the PIC to maintain altitude and ensure safety. Prior to
each flight, a zero altitude/AGL will be established at the launch site, as confirmed for accuracy
by the PIC.

         6. Section 91.151(b). Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 91.151(b). Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions, states (emphasis added):
         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
         after that for at least 20 minutes.

         The S900 is an unmanned aircraft, and thus would not begin a flight with a person in it as
the regulation contemplates. To the extent the regulation applies to the S900, the S900 has a
maximum flight duration of 15-18 minutes, depending upon atmospheric conditions and type of
camera or sensor.

         An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by terminating the flight at 20% battery
power reserve or 3 minutes whichever occurs first, as provided in the FOPM. Given that the
S900 will be operated within the VLOS of the PIC, within the confines of the particular
landowner's property with prior written consent of the landowner and participating and non-
participating personnel, this restriction would provide more than enough battery reserve to
accommodate a safe return to the landing zone from anywhere in the operating area with no
adverse effect on the safety of persons and property in the air or on the ground.

         The FAA has set precedence by previously granted exemptions in circumstances similar,
in all material respects, to those presented herein.

         7. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) and (b). Maintenance
                  inspections and recording.

Section 91.405(a), entitled Maintenance required, states:
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
         shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
         section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;
                                                          21
Section 91.407(a)(1), entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding,
or alteration, states:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
                  § 43.7 of this chapter;

Section 91.409 (a)(2), entitled Inspections, states:
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
         aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
                  has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7
                  of this chapter; or
                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                  accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted
for any inspection required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a person
authorized to perform annual inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection
in the required maintenance records.

Section 91.417(a) and (b), entitled Maintenance records, state:
         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
         registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
         records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
         inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
         engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of

the work performed; and

(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the

aircraft for return to service.

                                 22
         (2) Records containing the following information:
                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                  and each rotor.
                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.
                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                  are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                  the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                  aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                  safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                  safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                  involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                  required.
                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                  major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                  propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
         prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
         performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
         this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
         approved for return to service.

         In general, these regulations require that an airworthy certificated aircraft be inspected as
prescribed in 14 C.F.R. Part 91, Subpart E (Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and
Alterations), any discrepancies be repaired and the aircraft be approved for return to service as

                                                          23
