September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12728
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2520

Mr. Joel W. Israel
President and CEO
FC Robotics, Inc.
6400 Northwest 6th Way
Suite 147D
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309

Dear Mr. Israel:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of FC Robotics, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, FC Robotics, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, FC Robotics, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
FC Robotics, Inc.                Consultants

6400 N.W. 6"' Way, Suite1470     (954)567-8942- Office
Ft. Lauderdale, fL 33309         (954)567-8943- Fax
                                 www.fcrobotics.com

 June 11.2015

 U.S. Department ofTransportation
 Docket Operations
 West Building, Ground Floor, Room W12-140
 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
 Washington, DC 20590

 Rc: Exemption Request Sect ion 333 of the FAA Reform Ael and Part 11 of the
            Federal Aviation Regulations trom 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);I4 CFR Part 21; 14
            CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): 13 C.F.R. 61. 133(a); 91.7(a); 91.9 (b)(2); 9U03(b);
            91.109; 91. 119; 91.121; 91.15I(a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a)(l);
            91.409 (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir(s)IMadam(s):

          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 ("Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part II,

 PC Robotics, Inc. (''FC Robotics"), the operator ofa $!11all unma.nned drone (UA), S<.--cks an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs'') as listed and d iscuS$ed below.

            Make- OJI
            Model- Phantom 2

            FC Robotics' team utili.a:s a<sociates to operate hand held infrn-red cameras for inspection, photography and
videogl'llphy ofcommercial and industrial construction projects pursuant to its conl1'1lC!S with building owners. With the advent
ofnew technology, to increase safety measures on jobsites for its operators and increase produC1ion and financial efficiencies
for its clients. FC Robotics requests the use ofUAs equipped with cameras and other normal. established remote sensing
technologies for aerial videography and photography ofcommercial and industrial construction projee1S("purpose").

           Approval ofFC Robotics' exemption request will permit tl1e operation of comparatively inexpensive UAs in tightly
controlled. predetermined and limited airspace. This airspace will include areas away from general public, airports, heliportS
and vehicular traffic and within the property boundaries ofprivate. governmental, and quasi-governmental agency owned
construction site, oil, gas, mining. and related client owned or controlled properties. FC Robotics has created (and attached)
confidential and detailed safety protocols and controls ("FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit") to avoid
and prevent public hazards as well as preventing the interference with manned aircraft which could cause a b32ard or
catastrophe. This ae1S to enhance safety protocols unique to FC Robotics' lightweight UAs being utilized specifically for
>'ideogl'llphy and photography.

           The usc ofFC Robotics· UAs for these purposes reduces the need to physically enter potentially unsafe construction
sites, typically needed to perform these lypcs ofoperations, and provides an economic benefil to the business consumer as the
fC Robotics UAs provide higher quality imagery at a fraction ofthe cost ofaerial vidcography and photography and
monitoring using conventional aircraft. UAs outfitted with infrared sensors would also reduce the need to physically access the
constnrction site and other properties to monitor roofing, structurnl and general conditions. FC Robotics would also use UAs
for evaluating construction site conditions before, during and aftCl' commercial and industrial construe1ion projee1S. These
savings will result not only in enhanced efficiency and productivity for these commercial purposes but added environmental
and safety benefits to the public at large.

                              1
            A; described more fully below. FC Robotic,· requested exemption would authorize commercial operations ()faerial
vidcogr-.tphy. photography and remote sensing. using FC Robolics' UAs. wbicb will be operated und~r oontrolled c()nditi()nS at
an altitude of no greater rhan four hundred (400) f~t AGL in airspace that is limited in scope and will have aut()mated control

features. l'C Robotic!>' IJAs will also be operated by an individual who has passed an fAA approved ground training exam. As
outlined below, the ain<pace in which fC Robotics' UA; will operate within will be disclosed to the FAA m advance to night

operation Finally, FC Roborics' UAs will be used in lieu ofcomparati\·cly hazardous operations now conducted with fixed
wing and rotary conventional aircraft which should n:a;sure the FAA that these o perations will achieve at lca't an cquivalc.nt
level or grcat.er level of safety.

          In the interest of economic efficiency and public safety, I'C Robotics hereby rcsp<-.ctfully applies for an exemption
from the listed FA Rs to allow commercial operations of FC Robotics' UAs. so long as such operations a1-c conducted within
and under the conditions o utlined herein or as may be est<~blished by the FAA as required by Section 333. Appro val ol'this

exemption would thereby enhance safety and ful fill the Secretary ofTransportation's ("Administrator") responsibilities under

Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the sate operation o f such aircmft systems in the national
ai~pacc system "

            A> discussed above and more fully dcscrilx.-d bclo". the requested exemption would permit the operation ofsmall,
unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAs wider controll<:d conditions in airspace that is limited and predetermined. Approval
of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fullill the Administrator responsibilities to ·...esrabli<h requirements for
the safe operation ofsuch aircraft systems in the national air;pace system." Please see Section 333(c) of the Refonn Act.

          Additionally. the FAA has already granted previous exemptions which are essentially idontical to the exemption being

sought by FC Robotics.

The name and addrcs.' of the applicant is:

FC Robotics. Inc.
6400 N.W. 6'b Way, # 1470
Ft. l.~uderdale. I'L 33309

RI::Ol! LATIO_NSFROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS RF.QIJF.STF.()

           14 C.l· .R. Part 21
            14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
            14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)& (b)
            14 CF.R. 61.133(a)
            14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
            14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
            14 C.F.R. 91.103
            14 C.F.R. 91.109
            14 C.F.R. 91.119
            14 C.F.R. 9 1.1 21
            14 C.F.R. 91.15 1(a)
           14 c.r.R. 9 1.203(a) & (b)
           14 C.I'.R. 9 1.405(a)
           14 C.P.R. 9 1.407(a)( l)
           14 C.P.R. 91.409(a)(2)
           14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)

           This c'emption application is expressly submined tO fullill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) ofthe
Refom1 Act. This law directs the Secretary ofTransponaJionto consider whether cenain unmanned aircraft S)stems ma)
operate safely in the national air.;pacc system (NAS) before completion of the rulemak.ing required under Section 332 ofthe
Reform Act. In making this detenninaJion. the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAs do not create a h928rd to
u.·cr.; of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

                                                                      2
            · The UA's size. weight, speed. and op....-.llional capability;
           · Opcrntion oftbe UAs in close prox1mity to airpor1S and populated areas: and
            · Opcrntion of the UAs within Visual Line of Sight ("VI .OS") ofthe operator. Reform Act§ 333 (a).

            Lastly. ifthe Secretary dttcnnines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary ;,hall c'Stablish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airsp:tcc system" and FC Robotics
Engineer~ will follow those requirements.

            The Federal Aviation Act expressly grant> the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its
term~ include< exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 ofthe Act, that includes UAs. from the

I"Cfiuircmcnt lhat nil civil aircraft must have a currcnl airwo11hincss certit1cate.

            The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement ofa regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b)
of this section or any section> 44702-44716 ofthi> title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public intcrcsL
49\J.S.C.§44701(t). See also49 USC §447 ll(a): 49 USC §447~: 14 CFR §91.203 (a)( I).

           FC Robotics' liAs are rotorcraft weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) including energy sourcc(s).
equipmem and an)· payload. They operate. under normal conditions at a ground speed of no more than thirt) (30) knots and
have the capabili1y 10 hover, and move in lbe venical and horizontal plane simultancou.sly. 11te lJA> will opcnnc only in line of
sight and within !be area described in FC Robotics' Confidential Pr01ocols and Controls E.xhibiL Such operations" ill insure
that the UA wiiJ·nol crea1e a hazard 10 users of the nalional airspace system or the public".

           Given the small si7.e of the UAs involved and the rcstriclcd environment within which lhey will opernte, FC Robotics
falls squarely within that zone ofsafety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of UAs to commence immcdialcly. Also due to the si7e ofthe UAs and 1he restricted
~reus in which 1hc rclcvantlJAs will operate. approval of the application prcscn1s no national security issue. Given the clear
direclion in Section 333 ofthe Rcfonn Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended: the strong
equivalent level of safccy surrtJunding !he prop<>Sed operations. and the significant public benefit including enhanced safety,
reduction in environmental impacts. including reduced emissions associated with allowing UAs for aerial vidcography and
photogrophy operations as well as other monitoring purposes. the gram of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.

a·Additionally. there is economic efticiency created with the u'c of FC Robotics' UAs 1he typical cost to perfom1 aerial

videography and photography with helicopters and airplanes heavily multiplie-s the cost to business consumers and government
agcncic'S, including law enforcemcoL for the service· which are to be provided by I'C Robotic>.

TilE !iXTENT ANO BASIS OF THE RELIEf SOUGIIT BY FC ROBOTICS

          FC Robotics submit~ !his application in accondancc -.ith the Refonn Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-334. seeking relief from

any currently applicable FARs operating that presently prevents FC Robotic.· from contemplated commercial videography,
photography and other flight operations within the national airspace system. The Rcfonn Act in Section 332 provides for such

a·integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems inlo our national airspace system it is in the public's interest to do so.

FC Robotics' u ltrnlight weight UAs meet the definition of"smallunmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and thcrctore
the integration ofFC Robotics' u ltralight weight UAs is expressly conlemplated by the Reform Act. FC Roborics would like to
operate its ultralight weight UAs prior to d1e time period by which the Retonn Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules

go,~crniny such craft. Thereby. providing direct experience and valuable infonnation f(>r rormal regu la1ion thar can be

adminbterc-d unifi)nnly to all real estate related lJA aerial videography and photography. The Reform Act guides the
Administrator in dctcnnining the typeS ofUAs that may operate safely in our national airspace system. These considerations
include: weight. si/.c. speed and overall capabilities of the UAs: whether the UAs will be operated ncar airport' or heavily
populated areas and; whether the UAs will be operated by line of sighL F.ach of these items is favorable to the gram ofan
exemption to FC Robotics. FC Robotics" UAs utilize four (·1) counter-rotating propellers for balance. control and stability.
f'C Robotics' UAs are equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. FC Robotics' UAs weigh less than five (5) pounds
including camera and gimbal asscmbl)'.

            FC Robotics puts safety lirst wh~n considering any UA flight. FC Robotics' small UAs a.re desi!\fled 10 hover in place
via t>PS and operate in less than a 24 knot (27 mph) wind. In order to increase safety plus stability and limit harm and financial

loss of property, FC Robotics will not fly its UAs in su;,tained winds exceeding 15 knots ( 17 mph). FC Robotics' established

s·fcty ·yslems include a GPS mode that allows its lJAs 10 hover in place when radio controls arc released. FC Robotics'

                                                                    3
UAs have three modes to choose from. FC Robotics utili>c< the Smart Modes for aerial videography and photography. This
mode is the s:~fest, most reliable and stable mode to pre·ent accidents and beins a hazard to others. When pilot communication
is lost. FC Robotics' UAs are designed to return then \lowly descend to the point oftakeoff. FC Robolics does not operate its
UAs neor airports, hospitals. police heliports or news channel heliports. FC Robotics does not operate its UAs in areas where
generul public is within fifty (50) to one hundn.-d (100) )ards depending on location. conditions and "eather. fC Robotics'
pilots and observers are constantly on alert for any manned aircraft and prepared to immediately abort and land the UA at the
nearc~t ond o;nfcst ground point in the event a manned aircrnft approaches or the FC Robotics pilot or observer sus~ts a
manned aircraft may approach the operating area of a FC Robotics UA. FC Robotics' UAs are capable of vettical and
hori>(>nlal operations, and arc flown only within the line ofsight of1he pilot. FC Robotics' UA flights generally last fifleen ( 15)
minutes with an altitude w1dcr four hundred (400) feet AGL and utilize battery power rather than combustible fuels. PC
Roh<>tics docs not operate its UAs below the manu tacturcr's recommended minimum charge levels for operation preferring to
remain well within a safe operating range to insure ac.h.::quutc communication between radio control and the UAs to eliminare
polentinl for crashes, loss of control or hazard . Fully charged rc>Crve batlerics arc maintained on site to insure replacement for
a sufficiently safe level of operation. FC Robotics operates very conservatively and docs believe in taking risks that may cause
a crash or that could create hazard to the public. property and manned aircrafl. FC Robotics' pilots have logged numerous
practice llighL~ in order to simulate flights for future commercial use and to gain familiarization with the characteristics ofthis
specific lJA's performance under different temperature and ·vt:athcr conditions.

           FC Robotics is extremely cautious when operating its UAs and will not "create a hazard to users ofthe national
atr..pacc system or the public." Given the small size and wcigllt ofFC Robotics'l)As. they fall well within Congress's
contemplatod safety /.One when it promulgated the Refonn Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UA~ into the
national airspace system. FC Robotics' UAs. utili,.cd in hobby night. has a demonstrable safety record and do no1 pose any
U1rcat to the general public or national security.

I:C RQIJQJ'JCS:S_REQIJEST WILL BENEFIT I !IIi I'UIJLIC AT L6RGE

           Aerial videography and photography lor general survey purposes has been around fo1· a long time through the usc of
manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. Although FC Robotics has used standard helicopters in the past, in order to remain
cost effective and to provide its clients the best pos·iblc service continued use ofhelicopters is cost prohibilivc.
Typically. only large businesses. large high end companies and high net worth owners are able to absorb such an <'normous
cxpen:;c. Thi· deprives smaller companies from th<' enjoying the benefit of this valuable tool. Manned atrcral\ pose a clear
threat to the gcncml public througll potential catastrophic cr3.·hcs that may occur. There are many documented e·ents where a
manned aircrafl has crashe-d into populated areas with the size and combustibility of thC$<: manned aircratl cau.sing large
property dam:~ge. human injuries and loss of life. FC Robolics' UAs pose no such threat since siLC and lac~ of combustible fuel
alleviate~ ·ny ofthese potential threat to the public.

           With the passage of the Refom1 AcL Congn.-ss has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
commercially flown UAs into the national airspace S)51em. rhc gr.Jnt of the exemption request by PC Robotics funhers the
public interest through academic and visual awareness of the geographical benefits of certain areas and by making this cost
cO'cctive alternative available to small real estate companies and the average landowner. FC Robotics' ultralight UAs are
battery powered and create no emissions that may harm the environmem.ln the w1likely event of a FC Robotics IJA cr.tsh, the
consequence is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircmft. which are heavy and contain combustible fuel. crashing
and cau~ing caLa.,truphic devasta~on to tbe public.

          The public's interest is furthered a,, FC Robotic· minimizes ecological and crash threat by pennining aerial
videography and photography captured through FC Robotics' banery operated ultralight lJA';. Permitting FC Robotics to
immcdi:uely fly within national air space furthers not only public safety but economic growth. Granting FC Robotics'
exemption request ·ubstantially funhers the economic impact for any communiry and for companies looking to relocate or
building a eertain community as well as individuals looking to relocate to a commuoiry for career advancement through
academic and geographical awareness provided by FC Robotics. In the end. the granting of this C\emption to FC Robotics will
serve a:. a benefit and stimulus to any community

FC' ROROTIC$' EXEMPTIO'i WILL NOT ADVFRSELY AfFECT SAFF~D'_AND WILL I'ROVIOI·. A I.EVEL OF
SAFF._TY AT LEAST EQUAL TO EXISTING FAA STANDARDS

                                                                          4
rc Robotics' e~emption will not adversely aiTcct..afet). as it will in fact enhance safety. rc Robotics' ability ro log si~ilicant,

conltOIIcd and monirored flight time in FAA controlkd airspace will allow FC Robotics to contribute to r.he innovation and
implemenrarion of new. novel and undiscovered safet) pn>1ocols for realtors that may be embraced by the Narional Association
of Realtors {NAR) throul!,b coosis<ent and ongoing cooper-Jtion \\ir.h the FAA. Additionally. the I·AA may urilize the new
safety protocols for the use ofUAs in FAA controll~"<l air<pacc for all industries.

           FC Roborics submits the following representation' ofenhancements to current aerial vide<>llfllphy and photography:

           · FC Robotics UAs will be operated by u licensed FAA pilot;
           · FC Robotics' UAs weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) complete with the camera and gimbal a.~scmbly;
           · FC Robotics will operate its UAS below n lbur hundred (400) feet ceiling having been established by the Reform

                Act of2012
          · FC Robotics' I)As only operate for fifteen (15) minutes per flight
          · FC Robotics lands its lJAs prior to manufacturer's recommended minimwn level of battery puwcr,
           · FC Robotics' pilots operate the UAs r.hrough Visual l.ine of Sight only:
           · FC Robotics' UAs have a GPS night safety feaiUrc whereby rhe UA hovers and then slo\\ly lands if

                communication with !he pilot is lo.r:
           · FC Roborics actively analyzes flight dara and orhcr sou~ of information to constantly update and enhance its

                .aftty pro<ocols:
           · FC Roborics only operates in reasonably safe environments which are strictly conrrolled and away from power

                lines. elevared lights. airports and actively populared areas: FC Robotics conduct~ extensive preflight inspections
                and protocol to ensure safety remains the primary concern:
           · FC Robotics always obtains all necessary pcrrni"ions rrom the FAA and landowners prior to the operarion its
                UAsand;
           · FC Robotic.~ ha.~ established safety procedures in place ro abort flights in the evenr of safety breaches or any
                potent ial danger.

         FC Roborics' safety protocol provides a level ofsafety cqualro or exceeding existing FAA rule.~. lr is importnnt w

note that absent the integration ofcommercial liAs into our narional airspace system, manned lixed wing airplanes and
helicopters arc the primary means ofaerial vidcography and phorogmphy for community awareness and real estnrc uses.
While tlle safety record ofsuch helicopters is outstanding. there have bcc'll incidents involving loss of life as \Veil as exreosive
prop<.11)' damage due ro crashes of these manned aircraft and ir is far safer and kss expensive to operate a battery powered
FC Robotics' ultralight UAs to accomplish the same task. The potential for loss of life is great diminished with a UA as FC
Robotics' lJAs carry no people or fuel on board and the UAs are also very small and versatile which allo"s FC Robotics to
avoid ha.r.ard> quickly and safely.

AIRCRAFT AND £0UIVALENT I.EVEI. OF SAFE] X

          FC Robotics proposes thar the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircrallthal have the characteristics and that
operate with rhe limitations listed herein. 'rhe>c lim itutions provide for at leasr an equivalent or even higher level of safety to
operations under rhe current regulatory slructurc because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
nperarions conducred with conventional aircraft. The FAA has norcd in past exemptions thai "Conventional aerial video
opcratiQns, usingjet or piston-powered aircraft present risks associated with airerall that weigh in the neighborhood of 5.000 ro
7.000 pound~ or more. carry large quantities offuel. passengers. and. in some cases. cargo. Such aircrnn 1nust Oy to and from
rhe survey location.

          1 hc:;c limitarions and conditions to which FC Roboric; agrees to be bound when conducting all operarions under an
FAA issued c\cmption include:

          I. The UAs will weigh bs than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg).
          2. Maximum rotal flight time for each operational Oighr will be fifteen (I 5) minutes. Flights will be terminated

                     3t thiny percent (30%) bauery po"cr reserve should thar occur prior to the lifteen ( 15) minute limit.
          3. Flights will be operated at an alritude of no more than four hundred (400) feet AG 1-
          4. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of rhe UA Pilot and a Visual Observer ("YO").

                                                                  5
          5. The UA pilot will be an FAA licenoed airman \\ith atlc-.!St a private pilot's certificate ond :llleast a current

                       third..:lass medical certificate.
           6. The UA Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).
           7. The !lAs will operate within an area defined in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.
           8. A briefing will be conducted with regard to the planned UA operations prior to flight oper:otions. It wiU be

                      mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties with regard to the llight operations be present for

                        this briefing.
           9. The PIC and YO wiU have been trained in operation ofUAs gener:olly and received up-to-date information

                     on the particular UA to be operated and theliA will be operated in confonnity with FC Robotics'
                       Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.
            10. The PIC and YO will at all times be able to communicate via voice communication.
           II . Written and/or oral pem>ission from the relevant property holder(s). or their authori?.ed representative(s). will
                        be obtained.
            12. All required pennis.ions and pcnnik' will be obwined from territorial, state. county or city jurisdictions.
                       including loca.llaw enforcement. fin:. or other appropriate governmental agencies.
            13. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to the launch site of the UA. or
                       another more appropriate site. and land
            14 The UA will ha'"' the capability to abort a night in case ofunpredkted obstacles or emergencies.

~LB. I'ARI 21. SUBPARLH: AIRWORTHI'lfSS C t RTifiCATES 14 C.F.R.§.~1~203{A}{I)

            Subpart II, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthinc!.s certificates as required by fAR §91 .203 (a) (I). G iven the si'.c and limited operaling nreo associated with the
aircraft to be utiliL.Cd by FC Robotics, an exemption from Pan 21 Subpart H meets the requirements ofan equivalent level of
satety under Pan II and ScctiM 333 ofthe Refonn Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 <)f
the Refonn Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
considCI':ltion of the size. weight, speed, operational capabil ity. and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particu lar
UA. In oil ca.<es. an analysis ofd1ese criteria demonstrates that the llA operated without an airwo1thiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions propo.,ed will be aL least as safe. or safer. than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcrat\) operating with an airworthiness ecrtificatc without !he restrictions and conditions proposed.

            l'he UAs to be operated hereunder is less than five (5} pounds (2.26796 Kg) fully loaded. carries neither a pilot nor
pa.-..'>Cnger. carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels. and operates exclusively within a M:Corcd area as set out in
FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and ContrOls ExhibiL Unlike other civil aircraft. operation; under this exemption will he
tightly contrOlled and monitored by both the operator. pursuant to FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit. and under the n.'quircments and in compliance with local public safety requirements. to provide security for the area of
operation as is now done with conventional aerial videography and photogr.iphy. Lastly. application of these same criteria
demon<trntes thm there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAs, due to its size. speed ofoperation. location
ofoperation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels. and inability to carry a substantial external load.

on14 C'Y.K. § 45 .23 M~RKING OF TilE AIRCI{Afl'

The rcgulotion requires:

            When rnarks include only the Roman capitallcucr "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, re.<tricted
or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft. the operator mu>t also display on that
aircrat\ near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit. or pilot station. in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high.
the words "limited." "restricted," "light-sport." "experimental." or "provisional." as applicable.

           F.ven though the UA~ will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAs will ha'e no
entrance to the cabin. cockpit or pilot station on "hich the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport." "experimental.· or
"provisioMl," may be placed. Gi'cn the si'.c ofthe UAs. two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "experimental." or
any otber term as is so required will be placed on the fuselage ofthe UAs in compliance with §45.29 (f).

                                                                        6
           The <:quivalcntlevel of safety will be provided by having the UAs marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f)
where the pilot. obscncrand others working with the UAs will see the identification of the UAs as "E~perimental." The fAA
has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to bemptions Nos. 10700,8738, 10167 and 10167A.

HS F.R. § 61.113(A) & <B): 61.133(A): PRIVATE PII.Q!' PKIVIl-loGES ANL>LIMITAIIONS: Pll,Q !'liS COMMAND:

COMMERCIAL PILOT PRNILF.GF.S ANO I.IMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMANQ

            Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pi lots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a
pilot. passengers. and ear<.;o. the UA in this case is rcmorely comrolled with no passengers or property of orhers on board.
Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft fo r
compensation or hire. FC Robotics respectfully proposes !hal operawr requirements should take into account the characteristics
ofthe panicular UA. FC Robotic.~· UAs have built-in technical capabilities that slricily limit the potential for operation outside
the oper;uing conditions set forth in the exemption upplicution including a fly back to launch point for night termination.

L>etection of lost GI'S or of insufticient satellite; initiates an immediate return to launch location.
           · Lo" power on the aircraft triggers escalatin!l alarms at 30% and 15% levels.
            · lhe aircraft "eighs less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg). fully loaded.

            Given these safe!} features. FC Robotics proposes that operators ofthe lJAs should only he required to bold a private
pilot's license and not a commercial pilot's license

            FC Robotics notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation ofUAs by operators with these
qualifications in the ca.<e ofoperations pursuant to public COAs where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are
presenr. Please sec Federal Aviation Administration. Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Opemtiooal
Approval. at 20-21 (July 30. 2013). The FAA ha:; !he ;tatutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(1) to waive the pilot

rcquin:mcnts for commercial opcralions.

            Given these conditions and restrictions. an equivalent level o f safety will be provided by allowing operation of FC
Kobotics Engineers' UAs without a commercial pilot's license. under the conditions set forth herein.

            I he ris~s a.~sociated with the operation of FC Robotics' lJAs (given its size. speed. operational capabilities. and lack
of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of ris~ associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations

contemplated by l'an 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft). that allowing operation; of the UAs a.· set forth

above mc'Cts or e~cccds the present level ofsafety provided under I~ C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and doc-<> not rise to the level of
requoring a cornmc'I'Cial pilot to operate the aircraft under §61 .133(a).

          Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAs will not carry a pilot or
passenger<, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety ofcurrent operations by requiring the PIC

operating the aircraft to have a priv-dtC pi lot's license rather than a commercial pilofs license to operntc these small UAs. Unlike
a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers. the UAs are remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The
area ofoperation is controlled and restricted. and all 0 ighL· arc planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in FC Robotics'
Conlidentiall'rotocols and Controls Exhibit. The level of>Ufcty provided by the requirements included in FC Robotics'
Conlidcntio l Protocols and Controls Exhibit exceed thai provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certilkate
operating a conventional aircraft. The risks asM>ciated with the operation ofthe UAs arc so dim inished from the level of risk
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Pan 61 when drafted. !.hat allowing operations ofthe UAs as requested
with a privotc pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level ofsatcty achieved by 14 C.P.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 C.F.R.. §91.7!Al: CIVIL_~IRCRAFT AIRWO!rl !!!NESS

          The regulmion n.-quircs that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airwonhy condition. As there "ill be
no airwonhiness ceniticate issued for the aircrdfL should this exemption be granted no FAA regulatory standard will exist for

determining ain~onhiness. Given the sv.c ofthe aircrnn and the requirements contained in FC Robotics' Confidential

Protocols and Controls F.xbibit for maintenance and usc of safety check lists prior to each OighL

                                                                      7
 14 C.~.R. § 91.9 (B) !2): CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANilALIN THE A!RCRAtl

Se<:tion 91.9 (b)(2) provides

No person may operate a U.S. registel\.'<1 civil aircraft

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §2 1.5 of this chapter, unle>S there is available in the
aircraft a CuiTent approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material markings, and placards, or any
combination thereof.

            The UAs, given their si1.c and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not
only because there is no pilot on board. but because there is no room or capaciry to carry such an item on the aircraft.

             Ihe equivalent level ofsafety will be maintained by keeping I'C Robotics' Conlidcntial Protocols and Controls
 Exhibit at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAs will have immediate access to it. The FAA has is.~ued the
 following exemptions to this reguk1tion: Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738. 9299. 9299A, 9565, 9565B.
 10167. 10167A, 10602.32827. and 10700.

HJ.:..1::. R._!,91.103: PREFI.IGHT ACTION

This rcgulauon requires each pilot in command to take cenain actions before flight to insure the safety of Oight. As fAA
approved rotorcraft Oight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An ¢quivalentlevel of
safety will be provided as set forth in FC Robotics' Conlidcntial Protocols and Controls Exhibit. nte J>JC will rake all actioos
including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoffdistances and aircraft perfonnance data before
initiation of Oight.

 14 C'.f'.R . §91. 10<1: FLIGIIT INST~UCTION

            Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
for night instruction unless thar aircratl has fully functioning dual comrols.

            lJA· and remotely piloted aircraft. by their dc,ign do not have fully functional dual controls. l'loght control is
accomplished through the use ofa control box that communicmes with the aircraft via radio communic.1tions. The FAA has
approved e~emptions for Oight training without fully funCtional dual controls for a number ofaircraft and for night instruction
in cxperimen~l aircraft. Please see FAA Exemption l'os. 5778K & 9862A. fbe equivalent level ofsafct) is provided as
neither a pilot nor pa.<sengers will be carried in the aorcrull and by the si7.e and speed ofthe aitcrall.

11 C.!·,R. §91.119: 'v!INIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

            Secrion 9 1. 119 establishes safe altitudes for operation ofcivil aircraft. Section 91.119(d) allows helicopters LObe
operated at less than the minimums prescribed. provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or
altitudes rrcscribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for UAs that are a helicopter and the c·empt ion requests
authority to nperatc atllltitudes up to four hundred (400) feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such opcmtions.
As set forth herein. as stated in the limited conditions Stated in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols ond Controls Exhibit. the
liAs will never operate at higher than lour hundred (400) feet AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted area with
security perimeter. where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the si1e, weight. speed of the UAs as well os the location where it is

operated. No flight will be taken without the permis.ion ofthe property owner or local oniciab. Bcc:~usc of the advance notice
to the prop..'rty ownel{s). or their authorized rcprcscntutive(s). all affected individuals" ill be a..arc ofthe planned flight

operatiOil> a. set forth in FC Robotics' Conlidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. Wben one compares the flight operations

proposed herein with aircraft or rotorcraft "eiglting far in exce-ss ofthe less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and the lack of
flammable fuel, any risk associated 'vith these proposed operatioru. i> far less than those presently presented" ith conventional
aircraft operating at or below live hundred {500) feet AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations ofthe UAs will ensure
separation bet,.een these small UAs op..>r.ltions and the operations ofconventional aircraft that must comply with
s~-ction 91.119.

                                                                    8
 14 C.F.R. §<ll 121_~L'(IMETER SETTINGS

            This regulation rct(uircs each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimcttt that
is set" .. to the elevation ofthe departure airp0r1 or an appropriate altimeter setting available before dep3r1ure.· As the UA ma)
not have a banamctric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out. an exemption ma) be needed. An equivalent level ofsafety
will be achieved by the operdlor. pur.;uant to FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Contnals l.:.>.hibit. confirming the altitude
Mthc launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before night.

 14 C.E.R, § 'LU~1(6): FlJF.I. RF.QUIRF.MENTS !'OR l'l.,I_GI IJ.:_Ii'j VFR CONDITIONS

           Section 91.151 (a) prohibit.' an individual ti'om beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and tbrecast weather condition>) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing. and.
assuming nunnal cruising speed . (1) During the day. to fly uficr that for at least 30 minutes: or (2) At night. to fly after that for
at leasl4S minutes.''

            FC Rohotics believes !hat an equi\'alcntlcvcl ofsatcty can be achieved by limiting nights to fifteen (IS) minutes or
thirly percl'11t (30"/o) ofbanery power whichever happens tir.;L This restriction would be more than adequate to retum the UAs
to their planned landing zone from anywhere in ill> limited operating area.

           Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F. 5745. 10673, and 10808.

H.££. R.j21 '.!!:UAl Al',ID_.(B.}: CARRYTNC. CIVII.,_P,IRCRAFI CERTIFICATION AND RJ;(iiSTRAT!ON

The regulation provides in pertinent pari:

(a) cxccpr as provided in§ 91.715. no person may operate a civil aircran unless it has within it the following·

            (I) An appropriate and current airworlhincss ccrtiticale...

(b) No person may operate a civil aircr·tt unless the airworthiness cerliticatc required by paragraph (a) ufthis section or a
special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it h legible tu passengers
or crew.

            rhe UAs fully loaded weight is no greater than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and is operated without an onboard pilot.
As such. there is no ability or place to carry ccrlification and registration documents or to display them on the UA. An
equivalent level orsafety will be achieved by kl'<.:ping thco;c documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying the
UA will have immediate access to them to the extent they arc applicable to the UA. lbe FAA has issued numcrou.< exemptions
to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565. 9665. 9789. 9789A,
9797. 9797A. 9816A. and 10700.

H_(' FR. §.91.405 (A): 407 lAX I l: 409 !A)l2); 4171Al & 18); M/\fNTENANCE INSPFcC_TIONS

           These regulations require that an aircraft. opcl'ator or owner tlshall have that aircran inspected as prescribed in subpart
!>of this pan and shall b~twccn required inspections. except as provided in paragraph (c) ofth is section. hav~ discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ....· and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

           Given that these section and Par143 apply only to aircraft with an airworlhiness cenificate. these sections will not
apply to FC Robotics. Maintenance will be accompli,hed by the operator pursuant to the night manual and operating handbook
as referenced in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and C'ontrols Exhibit. An equivalent level of 'l:lfety will be achieved
becau~ the:;c small UAs are very limited in siLC and will carry a small p:~ylood and operate onI) in restricted areas for limited
periods of time. Ifmechanical issues arise the UAs may land immediately and will be operating from no hightt than four
hundn:d (400) feet AGL. As provided in FC Robotics' Confidential Pnatocols and Controls Exhibit. the operator will ensure

lJru arc in woridng order prior to initiating night. perfom1 required maintenance. and keep a log ofany maintenance

perfonncd. Moreover. the operator is the person most fumiliar with the aircraft and hcst suited to maintain the aircraft in an
aimonhy condition to provide the equivalentlevcl of ,afcty

                                                                        9
Pursuant to 14 C.F..R. Part ll,lhe following summary i;. provided lor publication in the Federal RegiSter. should it be
detennin«lthat publication is needed:

FC Robotics seek> an <:Xemptinn from the following rules:

 14 C.F.R. ~21. subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b); 14 ('.P.R §§ 61 113(a) & (b); 91.7(a): 91.9(b)(2); 91.103(b): 91.109; 91.119:
91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b); 91.405(a): 91 A07(a) (I); 91.409(a)(2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417(a) & (b) to operate
commercially a small unmanned vehicle weighing less than fifty-five (55) pounds (25 Kg) in its operations.

            Approvul ofexemptions allowing commercial operations of UAs in the purposes outlined above (or similar
opcr-~tions) will enhance safety by reducing r isk. Conventional aerial vidcography and photography o perations. using jet or
piston power aircrafi. operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the object being photographed und of\en in extreme
proximity to people and structures; and present the risks a"-<Ociated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of fou r
thousand (4.000) pounds. ear.rying large amowtts ofjet A or other fuel (one hundred and forty ( 140) gallons for jet helicopters).

Such airerafi must fl> to and from the site's location. In contrasL a UA weighing k-ss than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and

powered h)' baneries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board.
The UA is carried to the site ofthe purposes outlined above (or similar operations) and not flown to the >itc. The lJA will carry
no pas$engers or crew and. rnercforc. "ill not expose them to the risks associated with mann«! aorcrall flights.

           The operation ofsmall UAs. \\Cighing le.s than fhe (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg). conduct«! in the Strict conditions
outlined above. will provide an equivalent level ofsofcty supporting the grant ofthe exemptions requested herein. including
exempting FC Robotics from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lir,ht:weight aircraft
operate at slow srx-cds, close to the l,'TOUnd. and in a sterile environment and. as a result, arc fur sufcr than conventional
operations conducted with turbine helicopters opennin& in close proximity to the ground and people.

PRIVACY

            All llights will occur over private. controlled or approved properly with the property ()1'11Cr'S. or their authorized
representative. prior consent and knowledge. rhe aerial videogmphy and photogmphy will be of structures and property whose
owner. or authori.t.Cd representative. has consemed to the aerial vidcography and photogmphy or otherwise have agreed to be in
the area where aerial vidCQgtaphy and photography will tnke place. The grant of this exemption request: will provide improved
safety in all operations.

           Sathlaction ofthe criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of2012 - size. "'eight. speed. operating
capabilitic.. pro,imity to airports and populat«l areas and operation within visual line ofsigbt and national security- provide
more than adequate justification for the granting ofthe requested exemptions allowing commen:ial operation of FC Robotics'
lJAs purso:~ntto FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit all3chcd hereto.

SUMMARY OF FC ROBOTICS'S REOUF-ST FOR AN FAA EXEMPTION

            I . FC Robotics' UAs must weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg). including energy source(s) and
equipment. Operations authorized by the grant of on exemption arc limited 1<> DJI Phantom 2 uircntft. Any proposed operations
o f any ulhco· uircmft will requ ire a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

           2 I·C Ro botics' UAs may not be llown at n ground speed exceeding thirty (30) knots.

          3. FC Robotics' flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than four hundred (400) feet above ground
level (AGL). as indicated by the procedures specified in I·C Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. All
altitudes reported to ATC must be in fe-et AGL.

          4 FC Robocics' UAs must be opcr.s.tcd within the VLOS ofthe PIC at all time:.. This require< the PIC to be able
to use human vision unaided by any device other than coiTCC1ive lenses. as specified on the PIL"s I'AA·is.>u«l medical
certificate

          5 All FC Robotics operations must utili.<e a YO. The YO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long
as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The YO and PIC must be able to communic.ntc verbally utalltimcs.

                                                                 10
            6. FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit to be deemed as considered as acccp1.1blc to !he
 FAA provide-d additional requirements as identified by the FAA fTom time to time are added to or amended in fC Robotics'

rcConfidential Protocols and Controls Exhlbit. Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit and any gram of

exemption must be maintained and made available to !he Administrator upon request.

            7. Prior to each flight the P IC mlll>t inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition for safe ni~hL If the inspection
 reveals a condition that affectS the safe operation of the UA,the aircraft is prohibited from operating until tltc necessary
maintenance has been perfotmed and the UA is found tv be in a condition for safe night. A Ground Control Station, if utili,.cd.
 muM be included in the preflight inspection. Allmuintenunce und alterations must be properly documented in the Hircmfl
 rcc.:ords.

            8. Any IJA that ha' undergone maintenance or alterations that atiect the UA's operation or flight characrerisrics,
e.g. replacement of a llight critical component. must undergo a funcrional rest llight in accordance with FC Robotics'
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. The PIC "ho conducts the functional rest llight mu>t ma~e an entry in the UA's
aircrall record.~ of the flighr. The requirements and procedure< for a functional test flight and aircraft r~ord entry must be
added to FC Robotics' Confidemial Protocols and Controb Exhibit.

            9 FC Robotics must follow the manufacture-r'> IJA aircrafllcomponent, maintenance. overhaul. replacement.
in.<pection. and life limit requirements. When unavailable. aircraft maintcnancc/componcnllovcrhaul. replacement. and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and
Controls F.xhihit. At a minimum. requirements for the following must be included in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and
Controls Exhibit:

                       a. Actuators/Servos:
                       b. Transmission (single rotor):
                       c. Power plant (motors):
                       d. Propellers:
                       e. Electronic speed C<)ntrol lcr:
                     f. 13ancrics:
                       g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor):
                       h. Remore command and control:
                       1. Ground control station (if U><:d): and
                     j. Any other components as determined by FC Robotics.

          I0. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot cenilicate and at least a currcntthird-cla.<S medical certificate.
 rhc I'IC mu't also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircrall in which the PIC is rated on

his or her pilot certificate.

            II Prior to op<.-rations conducred for the purpcscs outlined above (or similar operations). the PIC mu~t ha\·c
accumulated and logged, in a manne.r consistent with 14 CFR §61.51 (b). a minimum oftwenry-fivc (25) hours oftotaltimc as
a lJA rotorcruf\ pilot ('ingle blade or multi·rotor) and at least rcn ( 10) hours logged as a lJA pilot with multi-rotor UA which is
similar to the UA to be utilized pursuant to this exemption. Prior documemed flight experience that was obtained in compliance
with applicable regulations may satisiY this requirement. Training, proficiency. and experience-building Jlights must be
conducted under an exemption to accomplish the required fligh t cycles and fl ig ht time. During traininj;. proficiency, and
experience-building flights. all persons not essential for nir,llt operations arc considered nonparticipant~. and the PIC must
operate !he lJA with appropriate distance trom nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR §91.1 I9.

            12. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar operation,). the PIC must have
accumulated and togge-d. in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §61.5 I (b). a minimum of live (5) hour> a' u UA pilot operating
the make and model ofUA> to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three (3) take-offs and tlm.'C (3) landings in
the preceding ninery (<)())days. Training. proficiency. e.\pericnce building. and take-{)ff and landing currency nights can be
conducted under the grant ofexemption to accomplish the required flight time and ninety (<)()) day currcnC). During training.
prulicicncy. e·perience-building. and takc-{)ffand landing currenC) ftights all persons oot essential for night operations an:
con~idcrcd nonparticipants, and the PIC muM operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance
with 14 CFR § 91.119.

                                                                         11
            13. FC Robotics shall not permit the PIC to oper31c Lhc UAS for Lhc purpOse ofaerial vidcography or
 photc)grnphy (or similnr operntions), unless the PIC has demonstrntcd and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
61 .51 (b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under Lhis
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles

 and structures.

            14. The UA may not be opernted directly over any person, except authorized and consenting personnel and
person:;, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the surface in the event ofa UA's failure or an
emergency.

            15. FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit outlines safety mitigations for authoriz.ed and
consenting pr<>duetion personnel. At all times. those persons must be csscntialto the purposes outlined above (or s imilar
operations). Because these procedures are ~'Pecific to participating persons. no further fSOO or aviation safety inspector
approval is necessary for reductions to the dis~mces specified in FC Robotics' manuals.

            16. fC Robotics' flight operations must be conducted at least five hundre.d (500) feet from all nonparticipating
persons, vessels, vehicles. and structures unless:

                       a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA
                                   and/or debris in the event ofan accident. The operator must ~nsure that nonparticipating persons
                                  remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                                  protection and are within 500 feet ofthe UA, tl ight operations must cease immediately and/or;

                       b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller ofsuch
                                  vessels. vehicles or strucmres has granted permission and the PI C has made a safety assessment of
                                  the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard,
                                  and;

                       c. Operations nearer to dte PIC, VO. operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue
                                  hazard to Lhosc persons per§ 91. 119(a).

            17. If the UAs lose cornmun ieations o r loses iL· GPS signal. they must return to a pre-determined location within
the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

            18. The UAs must abort Lhc. Oight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with FC
Robc:>tics' Confidential Protocols and Comrols Exhibit.

            19. Each UA operation must be completed within fifteen (15) minutes flight time or with thiny percent (30%)
battct'y po\vCr remaining~ whichever occurs first.

           20. FC Robotics must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA) prior to conducting any operations under this gmnt of exemption. This COA will also require FC Robotics to request a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than seventy-two (72) h<>urs in advance. but not Jess than forty-eight (48) hours prior to
the operation.

           21. All airc.raft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number, registered in
accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part45, Subpart C.
Markings must be a<; large as practicable.

           22. FC Robotics has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the UA's maintenance,
preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the lJAs
and dtese procedures are contained in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

           23. Each UA opcratt-~ under this exemption must comply witb all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

           24. The prefl ight inspection section in FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit includes the
following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies. i.e. Inoperable components, items, or
equipment, not covered in the preflight inspection sections of FC Robotics' Confidential Protocols and Controls ExhibiL

                                                                 12
           25. Before conducting operations. the radio frequency ·JX."Cinlm used for operation and control ofthe UA must
comply with the Federal Communications Commil.sion (FCC) or other appropriate government o·ersight agency requirements.

           26. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
Control Station, if utilized. ofthe UA at any time the UA is operating. These documents must be made available to the
Administrator or any law enforcement official upon n..-quest.

          27. FC Robotics' UAs must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and activities
at all times (including. but not limited to. ultralight vehicles. parachute activit.ies. parasailins activities. hong gliders. etc.).

          28. FC Robotics' UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C'FR § 1. 1. All operations
must be conducted under visual mcte()rological conditions (VMC). flights under special visual Oight rules (SVFR) are not
authori7ed.

           29. FC Robotics' UAs may not be operated by the PIC li"om any moving device or vehicle

           30. FC Robotics' liAs may not be operated less than five-hundred (500) fret belo" or less than "''<>-thousand
(2.000) feet horizontally from a cloud or "hen visibilit) is less than three (3) statute miles from the PIC

         31. FC Robotics· UA may not Op<'r3.tc in Cia'-' R, C. or n airspace without written approval from the FAA The

UA may not operate within five (5) nautical miles of the geographic center ofa non-towered airport as denoted on a current

r AA-publishcd aeronautical chart unless a Jetter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained. and the operation is

conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the FC Robotic.~· COA. The leUer ofagreement with t.he airport
management must be made available lo the Administrator upon request.

           32. Any incidem, accidcn~ or !light operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
upcr.uionalurca as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UA Integration Office (AF'S-RO) within
twcnty-li>ur (24) hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

       33. rc Robotics' UAs. the UA's PIC. and the UA's operations mw.~ comply with all applicable pans of I-I CFR

including. but not limited to. parts 45. 47. 61. and 91.

As mentioned above, the FAA bas already granted previous exemptions which are essential!) identical to the exemption being
sought b) FC Robotic.~ in this petition for an exemptoon

Therefore. I'C Robotics respectfully requests the l· AA grant an exemption pursuant to its application without delay.

Sincerely.

~~

Joel W. Israel
Pre'ident & Chief b.ccutivc Ofticer

                                                                       13
FC Robotics, Inc.                                 Consultants

6400 N.W. 6'" Way, Suite147D                      (954)567-8942 - Office
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309                          (954)567-11943 - Fax

Flight Safety Manual

Aerial Photography and Videography

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft is an essential and utmost consideration for Aerial
Videos and Photography. Maintaining a record of safe flight for FAA requests and for determining future UAS
safety protocols is imperative.

DATE:                        location: - - - - - - - - - -- - - -- - - - - -

Pre-Flight Inspection: o Yes oNo Comment _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

ELEMENTS              (Circle One)  (Circle One)  Comments
          Weather         Good           Fair
          Visibility      Good           Fair
                           Low
       Wind Speed                     Medium

Proximity to Airport: _ _ _ _ _ _ (see attached map pinpointing approximate location of flight)

Airport Notified a Yes o No         Date:         Time _ _ _ _ __

Phone Number:                       Contact:

Nearest Intersection:-- - - - - -- - - - -- -- - - - - - - -- - - - - -

Proximity to Medium Traffic Roadway: - - - - - -- - - - -- - - - - - - - - --

Proximity to Heavy Traffic Roadway:-- - - - - - -- - -- - -- - - - - - - - -

Proximity to Congested Population: - - - - -- - - -- - - - - - -- - - - - -- -
 Approx. Takeoff Time
 Approx. Landing Time
 Estimated Elevation

Unedited flight video/photos available for FAA review upon written request within 180 days of flight oYes o No

                                                                    14
FC Robotics, Inc.                Consultants

6400 N.W. ·'" w~. Suite147D      (954}567-aN:l - Offlc>e

R. l.Gro·hoclale. fl. 33309      (954)567·8943- .._

Confidential and Detailed Safety Protocols and Controls

Aerial Photography and Videography

Safety for public on the ground as well as manned aircraft is an essential and utmost consideration for aerial
imagery. As such, safety protocols and controls must be implemented in pre-flight preparation and during flight.

Pre-Flight Protocol

     · Check batteries with voltage meter to insure fully charged and ready for use.
     · Inspect batteries for damage or leakage that may affect proper operation.
     · Inspect propellers for cracks, chips or damage that may cause sudden loss of propulsion or

          unmanageable, uncontrolled flight.
     · Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that may impact flight.
     · Consult Regional Sectional Chart to determine five (S) mile radius map for airport vicinity.
     · Contact respective Air Traffic Control (ATC) and the nearest airport to the UAs operations to advise

          ATC of estimated flight time, duration, elevation and pertinent mission information.
     · Inspect flight area for;

             1. Vicinity of public safety public helipads I heliports
             2. Vicinity of medical helipads I heliports

                 3. Vicinity of light poles
                 4. Vicinity of utility wires
                 5. Vicinity of trees
                 6. Flocks of birds or hazards that may cause interference and potential flight impact
                 7. Vicinity of any elevated obstruction that may cause potential flight hazard
                 8. Vicinity of roadways with moderate to heavy traffic that can be distracted
                 9. Public gatherings that may attract viewers
                 10. Optional point of control for best visual sight of UAS while in flight
    · Take-off and landing
                 1. Inspect area for best and safest point of take-off and landing
                 2. When in a subdivision or area that is within one hundred fifty (150) feet of residential street,

                      post warning sign(s)lstand(s) ATIENTIONI · Aerial Imagery in Progress · Stay Back 1SO feet

                             15
Confidential and Detailed Safety Protocols and Controls
Aerial Photography and Videography {Page 2 of 2)

Flight Protocol
     · Take off and land from same location.
     · Remain alert to birds, sight or sound of aircraft, curious public and approaching vehicles.
     · Do not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract t he Pilot in Command (PIC).
     · Restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire desired results.
     · Remain prepared for emergency landing at all times.
     · Pay attention to flight time (and battery levels at all times). Set Safety Timer whenever possible.
     · Land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing.

Post Flight
     · Disconnect battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system
     · Secure UAS in safe location
     · Remove all WARNING signs from public access areas.

Emergency or Suspected Hazard
     · Immediately land UAS at safest and closest ground location if;
                  1. Manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
                 2. There is a public gathering within the established safety boundary wanting to observe the flight
                  3. Pilot in Command (PIC) is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
                 4. Sudden change in weather (e.g. wind bursts)
                  5. Sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
                 6. Birds enter into proximity of flight
                 7. Any sudden unsafe event that can cause collision distraction or interrupt ion of control

                                                                 16
   PHANTOM 2 User Manual Vl.4

 For PHANTOM 2 Flight Controller Firmware vc-rsion V3.10
 & PHANTOM 2 Assistant version V3.8
 & PHANTOM RC Assistant version Vl.l

2015.01

Congratulations on purchasing your new OJI product. Please thoroughly read the entire contents of this manual to
fully use and understand the product.

It is advisod that you regularly check the PHANTOM 2's product page at www.dji.com which is updated on a

regular basis. This will provide services such as product information, te-chnical updates and mc:~nual corroctions. Due
to any unforeseen changes or p r'oduct upgrades. tho information contained within this m.:~nuol is subject to change
without notice.

OJI and PHANTOM 2 arc rcgiste<ed trademarks of DJI. Names of product. brand, etc.. appearing in this manual are

lradomark.s or registered trademarks of their respective own« companies. This product and m:~nu:.l ou~ copy

rightod by OJI with all rights reserved
If you havo any questions or concerns regarding your product, please contact your daater or OJI Customer Service.

02013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.II
Content
CONTENT.................. ......................................................................................................2

IN THE BOX.....................................................................................................................4

LEGEND ..........................................................................................................................4

1. PHANTOM 2 AIRCRAFT ...............................................................................................5

    1.1 BUILT-IN FLIGHT CONTROL SYSTEM INSTRUCTIONS................·... ·............................................. 5
   1.2 CONNECTIONS WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS...........................................................................5

     Important Notes of Using with Other DJI Products ........................................................6
     Connections with Other DJI Products ............................................................................. 7

   1 .3LED FliGHT INDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................11
   1.4 NOTES FOR PHANTOM 2 USING WITH OTHER DJI PRODUCTS ................................................12

2 PROPELLERS...............................................................................................................13

   2.1 ASSEMBLY.....................................................................................................................13
   2.2 DISASSEMBLY ................................................................................................................13
   2.3 NOTES .........................................................................................................................13

3 REMOTE CONTROLLER ............................................................................................... 14

   3.1 POWER ON THE REMOTE CONTROLLER ...............................................................................14
   3.2 REMOTE CONTROLLER LED INDICATOR STATUS ....................................................................15

     3.2.1 Remote Controller Power LED Indicator Status ...................................................15
     3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status ...............................................15

   3.3 ANTENNA ORIENTATION ............. .....................................................................................16
   3.4 REMOTE CONTROllER OPERATION ....................................................................................16

  3.5 lJNKING THE REMOTE CONTROllER & BUILT-IN RECEIVER ......................................................18

4 INTELLIGENT BATTERY ...............................................................................................19

   4.1 CHARGING PROCEDURE$..................................................................................................19
   4 .2 INSTALL THE BATTERY ......................................................................................................20
   4 .3 BATTERY USAGE.............................................................................................................20
   4.4 DESCRIPTION OF THE BATTERY LEVELINDICATOR ...................................................................21
   4 .5 CoRRECT BATTERY USAGE NOTES ...................................................................................... 22

5 CALIBRATING THE COMPASS......................................................................................23

~2013·2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved. 21
    S.l CAliBRAnON WARNINGS ·.· ···...·...·......·······....·.·.................·.···.·.· ··.·..·.·.·.·.········.·.·.····.·.·.· 23
    S.2 CAliBRAnoN PROCEDURES .......................................................·.........·. ......................··..·23
    S.3 WHEN RECAliBRAnON IS REQUIRED...·...·..........................................................................·23

6 FUGHT .......................................................................................................................24

    6.1 fLYING ENVIRONMENT REQUIREM ENTS ......·.·................·....................................................24
    6.2 STARTING THE MOTORS ................................................................................................... 24
    6.3 TAKEOFF/LANDING PROCEDURES....................................................................................... 2 4
    6.4 FAILSAFE FUNcnON ........................................................................................................ 25
    6.5 LOW BATTERY CAPACrTY WARNING FUNCTION.....................................................................27
    6.6 FliGHT LIMITS FUNCTION.................................................................................................27

     Max Height & Radius Umits .........................................................................................27

   6.7 FliGHT LIMITS OF SPECIAL AREAS ......................................................................................28

   6.8 C0NDinONS OF FliGHT LIMITS .........................................................................................30
      Disclaimer... .. ..... .... .. .... ......... ......... .. ...... ... .. .. .. .... ... .. .... .................. ............................... 3 0

7 ASSISTANT INSTAllATION AND CONFIGURATION ......................................................3 1
   7 .!INSTALliNG DRIVER AND PHANTOM 2 AsSISTANT...............................................................31
   7.2 USING THE PHANTOM 2 AssiSTANT ON A PC ....................................................................32
   7.3 FIRMWARE UPGRADEOF PHANTOM 2 .............................................................................33
   7.4 PHANTOM RC AssiSTANT DESCRIPTION...........................................................................33

8 APPENDIX ..................................................................................................................35
   8.1 5PECIFICAnONS..............................................................................................................3S
   8.2 LED FLIGHTINDICATORS DESCRIPTION ...............................................................................3S

02013-2015 DJL All Rights Reserved.3 I
In the Box
I IPHANTOM2
                                                Romote Controller-24GHz
r.---~- --- I.- ·I \ I                                                                    Propollor Pair
     - ·"":t"                                I      -
    ·--·--T\                                                                                )[
             ll                     - -"'1            ·I
                                                                                            ()
                           "'~"").     .. ·        _j'-
                                                                                             ...
      q y, ~~~~·~ItI, I ,. e -- ·
                              II I t"£1 !                                 '                  Plug Set
                                                                       \
                                                   ~ _,                                        [Q]
~ --
I Intelligent Battery                              Charger                                  ~

I ga                                               L,;                                        Cablos

             Screwd river                          g                                      e~

                                                     ·

                                                   D
                                                   Assistant Wrench

             /v

1--

             Micro-USB Cable                    -  Screws                                   Accessories Box

!Ill--.-1 0                         il[]3           i                                     ~

Legend                                     I Caution                      ..,.
                                                                                     Tip
  0 Forbidden(lmportant)

e2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.41
1 PHANTOM 2 Aircraft

:=!19~~~~~~t~r=[1}=~:,;:::==::;:::::::~--..:::::=::::::::::~=~
[5} SJ                                           {101

[6]

[7]

[8] (111

                                        Figure 1~1

[!]Propeller [2]Motor [3]Front Side [&]Front LEOs [S)Micro-USB Port [6 ]Landing Gear [?)Receiver
Antenna [8]CAN-Bus Connector [9)LED Flight Indicators [lO)DJI Intelligent Battery (ll ]Compass

1.1 Built-in Flight Control System Instructions

The built-in flight control system is u sed to contr ol t he entire aircraft's functions in flight such as Pitch (forwards
and backwards), Roll (left and right], Elevator (up and down) and Yaw (turn left or right). The flight controller
contains the MC (Main Controller), IMU. GPS, compass, receiver.
The IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric alt imeter that measures both

attitude and altjtude. The compass reads geomagnetic information which assists the GPS (Global Position System)

to accurately calculate the aircrafts position and height in or der to lock t he aircraft in a stable hover. The receiver is
u sed to communicate with t he remote controller and t he M C acts as the brains of t he complete flight control
system connecting and contr olling all the modules together.

               The PHANTOM 2 can be configured in the Assistant, by choosing Naza-M mode or Phantom 2 mode.

  f'
                 This manual is for Phantom 2 mode. Please refer to t he Noza-M V2 Quick Starl Manual for more
                 information.

1.2 Connections with Other DJI Products

PHANTOM 2 is compatible with other DJI products, including ZENMUSE H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal , iOSD mini ,

iOSD Mark II. Below are connections for these products and w ireless video transmission module.

                                                       r---- -- 1

                                                       ---...:1_           I

                                                                           I

                                                       1s. cabre           I
                                                                           1
                                                        To the G8 port on

                                                       I!_tgh;~e H~H_O/_HJ_-30_II

     ~ ------ - --1                                                      ---- ,

     IGimb..l Mounting Po:o;itionl                             II Comp:t$$ 1
     IMount the H3·~0/H3 · 30 r-..:::~-'.,----'
                                                       7I L~~-----·· n·~· I
     Jgimbal uslng 4 $1Cn:'WS.  _  1,                                                  IL.:·. _ _·_ I,..~
     !_ _____ __

                                          Figure 1·3

©2013-20 15 DJI. All Rights Reserved.5 [
Important Notes of Using with Other OJI Produds

   ( ) ) J~ vid~ cable c..ln provide power for tho WlfCJQSS vidOO transmi~on module with a b.lttcry voltage
           (ll.1V·12.6V) ~nd a =xmum currPnt 'lA.

  (?) Make sure the working currcot of the wirt'"lc!.~ video han~i~ion modulo you tonnoct c:sn work with .1n

           opcrat·on:.l voltagH bc-twC'<"n 1l.1V- 17.6V ,lnd tho tot.:JI working curct'nt or thn iOSD l'nd w.rclcss vrdc-o
           trM'I!,mis~ion module is under 2A. ~s an OVN<:urrf'nl will di'mage the ccntr.ll board'$ c:omponcmt!.. If the
          totnl c urr<'nt exc<."l-ds 2A. plea~~" be s.uro to provldo powf!r st..·pplit.>d from a scp-.lri)tC power source. for the
           win·ln~ot video t r.Jnsrnission module.

  ( .5 ) PHANTOM 2 uses ..., 2.4GHz RC o;ystem. To ,1voiU communici'ltion int~rferf-'nc~. it ·~ not rt'commended to
          uso oth(~f 2AGHt devices {including 2.4G WI·F· or 21tG wirt--lm~ vidPo tran~i'j..'j.ion module) except the
          2.4G Bluetooth and 2.4G Dat~link.

  ( .4 ) 8c sure to keep the wuelt!u video tranvnis"ton module and other communic..ating dov·c~ .1way from tOO

            .,mp,us dunng lns.tatlation .md cunnt hf'n to "3void intcrfcrcoc.c.

  ( 5 ) To improve the compatibility with ZEN MUSE gimbals, the latest factory deliveries of PHANTOM 2 has

           updated to t he Version 2 sho wn below. H3·2D/H3-3D gimbal can b e directly installed for t he Version 2
           while for Version 1. · H3·3D ad ap ter kit (coming soon) is required to install tho H3-3D gimbal.

                                                                           Figure 1~4

( 6 ) W hen using t he H3-3D gimbal. please connect t he 8-Pin cable o f PH ANTO M 2 to the G8 port o f H3·3D
        shown b elow.

                                          Figure 1-5

e>2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.6 J
Connections with Other DJI Products

{ 1 ) Connecting the H3-2D and H3..:SD gimbal and wireless video transmission module, the figure below uses

H3-2D a· an example.

                                           r- - - - - - - - - - - - -
                                           1 Oesc.ription of the Video Cable               )

                                           I (uq11onc.· by color)                          1

                                                        VIDEO                              I
                                                                                           I
                                           I - VIDEO GND

                                           J - -- . J

                                                                                     - i'ENMU'Se.,

                                                                                           H3-2D I

                                                                                           I

                                                                         --                I
                                                                                           I

                                                                         '_·_...._-        I
                                                                     L------ -

                                                                                     - - Compa~ l

                                                                     I[JJ :                I
                                                                     I· ·

                                                                     IL.:·_ _o_ _ _ _ _ I

                                           Figvfe 1·6

{ 2 ) Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and wireless video transmission module, the figure

below uses H3-2D u an example.

                                                        - - - - - - ------ -1 09$C:riptfonoftho Vidoo C·bf.e.
                                                        1 (s.$quonc:· by color)

                                                                  I  --  VIDEO
                                                        f---;        --
                                                                         vV.lO...EO  GN.D

                                                                                   - ZENMUsE,I

                                                                                                  H3·20

                                                                                                    I
                                                                                                   I
                                                                                    .._ I

                                                                         IL ____,.. _><__ _ :

                                                                                     I l l1 - - Ce>m-;.a~ II+I

                                                                                     I · II

                                                                                     It...::· _ _o_ _ _ _ _ I

                                           Figuf'¢ 1·7

<:>2013-2015 OJ!. All Rights Reserved.? J
( 3 ) Connecting the H3-2D and H3-3D gimbal, iOSD mini and OJI specified wirvless video transmission module
       AVL58. the figure below uses H3-2D as an example.

                                           I ~-:,--;;..-;;:.~---~

     op«<im.il                             1 1-·bycolo<)            I

  -trea·u I                                VIDEO                    I

    vid·o J                                : - VIDEO GHD            I

tr.ansmj:»Ooftt r-----....,,tt             I - --, - - v,.,.        I
                                           L=--G~D-- - - - - - - -
  modul· I

   AVLSa

Tran.mitt..- I

                                                                  -- !'EN'MUie,
                                                                                H3·2D I
                                                                                         I

                                                                  LI
                                                                                  -I

                                                              L _ _· _____ Il

                                                              In I- c~,.-;;1
                                                                                       I
                                                              I· ·  I

                                                              IL· .:-· ------I

                                                                  Figure 1·8

We recommend connecting the VS.t· port of the video cable to the two BATT· ports of the AVL58
simultaneously. The same is true of tho GND port of the video cable and two BAIT· ports.

( 4 ) Connecting the H3-2D and H3-30 gimbal, iOSD Marl< II and wireless video transmission module, the figure
       below Use$ H3-2D as an example.

0 2013-2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved.8 I
                                                                            ~-~~~tt;;v--;.;;c;w.---,

Irw_--.......-._.  .-..w--  ----        -  ..,I                             1 (......-nu-byutot)           I
                                                                                                           I
                            tr..uMin._                                                  VII>EO             I
                                                                                        VIOEO Gt<D         I
                   y,~., &pKir..... . ,                                             I-

loJI(AvLSaJ                                I                               r-~

I OR                                 v-------~~
loa...···ir·..·n'l'i6e'O       ..

~~~~T~_er-- - -

                            l                                                                          - ZtkMU~,

                                                                                                       ··  Hl-20 I
                                                                                                                   I

]t                                                                                        -I
                                                                                                           ~I
                                                                                        IL __ ___ _ _ Il

                                                                                                       -- ~= 1

                                                                                        IDit :I·I      ·   I
                                                                                                           I
                                                                                        I               I
                                                                                        1..:.------ -

                                                              F'.gure 1·9

The diagram below illustrates the conneeiton betwoon the iOSD Mark II and the wireloss video transmission module.

                            ----- - --                           ---------- -
                                                 BATT· '---'B·tt·

                                                 BATT·           B·tt·

                                                 BATT· J-- --I B·tt·        Oihor w;r·l·u video I

                                                 BATT·         8att·        tnnsm.i.ssion modt.~J· I

                                                 UART I       I                 T r·~tter f

                                                 UART I       I                                     I

                                                      AV-GNO     VIDEO GHD                          I
                                                              !.!"·~~-- ------ ~
                            ~--- - ..!'!:.0!!!J

                            I BATT·

                            =I BATT·                                           W'"u-...... -.ideo
                   1I ;o""...,.."                BATT·~::~       .  ,,_.J"
                                                                             t.r....~....n
                                                 BATT·
                                                                            AVL$8 Tr-.tnsmitt.,-1
                   I UART
                                                   UART                      specif',.d by DJI I

                                                 AV-GHD
                                                 AV-OUT
                   - ----- --I

                   I

Use the 8-Pin cable in the iOSO Mark II packogo when connecting to the OJI specified wireless video
transmission module AVL58.

( 5 ) Using the iPad Ground Station

c2013-2015 OJ I. All Rights Rosarved.9 I
--

u17 \

                                            Ir           _,                .-

                                                             ~o..r.. ~.ae

                                                                    ~-

                                               Atr End

                                            Ground [nd

                                                                                                              iPad Ground
                                                                                                           Sut;on

                                                                           Figure 1·10
             Connect the Air End of 2.4G Bluotooth Datalink to a spared CAN-Bus port of iOSD if nn iOSD is used.
( 6 ) Using the PC Ground Station

                                               Alr(nd
                                            Ground£nd

. ..

                                            Figure 1-11

IQ20l3·2015 OJI. All Rights Reservod.1 0 I
1.3 LED Flight Indicators Description

1. LED flight indicators are used to show the aircraft's current status. Once powered on, the indicators will light
    up.

                                     LED flight
                                     indicators

  Aircraft in Normal status                 Descriptions

-···= ···- ··-··-···-·                      Power On Self-Test

1-                                          Wc:~rming Up & Aircraft cannot take off during warming up
                                            Ready to Fly
  Aircraft in abnormal status               Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

                                            Warnings and errors

                                            Remote Controller Signal lost

-··············                             1" Level low Battery Capacity Waming

·····                                       2tMt Level Low Battery Capacity Warning

                                            Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big

                                            Errors & Aircraft cannot f ly.

                                            Compass data abnormal bee::~use or ferto~magnetic interference or

                                            the compass needs calibration.

                                                                                                       -

( 1 ) The LED indicators diagram above arc for Phantom 2 mode. In Naz.a·M mode. LED indicators

! will work according to the Naza·M flight control system.

( 2 ) Connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant for detailed information about warning.s and errors.

2. The front LEOs arc for indicating where the nose of tho aircraft is. They light up solid red only after tho motors

have spooled up.

«:>2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.11 I
1.4 Notes for PHANTOM 2 using with other DJI products

Before using PHANTOM 2 with other DJI products. users should connecting the products correctly and upgrade

th~ fifmware as requirements below .

Items to upgrade  Firmware ve-rsions requir.cl        Assistant f<>< upgrading  Assistant version
P330CB (built-in        V1.0.1.19 or above                  PHANTOM2
                                                                                Vl.08 or above
 control board)
                                                                                V1.08 or above
Zenmuse H3-2D     CMU Vl.O , IMU Vl.6 or above                      PHANTOM2     V4.0 or above
                                                                                 V4.0 or above
iOSD Mark II                          V3.01 or above                iOSD

iOSDmini                              Vl.06 or above                iOSD

*Tho iOSD Assistant is applied to both iOSD Mark II and iOSD mini.

e2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.12 1
2 Propellers

PHANTOM 2 uses the origin.al 9 -inc;h propellers which are classified by the color of each central nut. Damaged

propellers should be replaced by p urchasing new ones if necessary.

Propellors                Grey Nut (9450)                                        Black Nut (9450 R)

Diagram                   r - -----~ ~~ '                            ~)

                          At!<lch to the motor thread that does Attach to the motor thread that has a

  Assembly Location       not have a black dot.                      black dot.

  Fastening/Un-fastening  o'l Lock: Tighten the propeller in this d irection.

  Instructions            -r:'l Unlock: Remove the propeller in this direction.

L-

2.1 Assembly

1. { Figure 2 -1 ) Remove the four warning cards from the motors after you've read them.

2. ( Figure 2-2) Prepare the two grey nut p ropellers and two black nut propellers. Make sure to match the

black nut propellers with the correctly marked black dot motors.. Tighten the propellers accordit1g to the

fastening instructions.

            Figure 2·1                           Figure 2·2                      Figure2-3

2.2 Disauembly

   ( Figure 2·3 ) Keep the motor deadlocked in place with the assistant wrench (or one hand) and remove the
  propeller according to the un·fastening i nstructions.

2.3 Notes

 l. Propellers are self t ightening during f light. DO NOT use any t hread locker on the threads.
 2. Mako sure to match the propeller nut colors w ith the corresponding motors.

  3 . It is advised to wear protective gloves during propelle-r assembly and removal.

4. Check that t he propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
5. Check that all propellers are in good condition before flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken

     propellers.

6. To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch the propellers or motors when t hey ar e spinning.
7. ONLV use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

<!'>2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.13 (
3 Remote Controller

The PHANTOM 2 remote controller can be configured in the PHANTOM RC AssistanL Tho sticks mode is Mode 2
on dclovery.

 I For upgraded remote controller (models: NDJ6 or NRC900). select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.

           For basic remote controller (modols; OJ6 or RC900), select ..Basic Version.. in Phantom As.sistant.

Ill

              (2)   t>t $  I~ (4) J2
              (3)
                    8 05 ~ (6) ·:· J1      1121
     J3 (S)
                    CEJ 2  \ 1(11)               ·                                              (14)
··J4 ··· 171
               (8)                     113]

               [9[

             [10)

                                   Figur~ 3·1

(l)Antonno [2]Carrying Handle (3] Left Dial (4]3-Position Switch Sl (5]3-Position Switch $2 [6]Joystickl(Jl;J2)
(7)Joystick2(J3:J4) [8]Neck Strap At""'hment (9)Power Switch (lO]Powcr Indicator
(ll)Battery Level Indicators LED1/LED2/LED3/LE04 (from left to right) (l2]Traincr Port
(13]Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (micro-USB port) (14] Potentiomete<

3.1 Power on the Remote Controller
  1. Set th& Sl and S2 switches to the upper most position and ensure both joysticks ar& at

       tho mid-point position. Then toggle on tho power switch.

  2. Puah the powor switch to the right to powor on the remote controller. If the power LED

       indicator is solid on. the remote controllor is functioning normally. The battery lovel

       indicators display tho current battery lovol.

            1. Please make sure the battefy lovcl of remote controller is enough.. If tho low voltage wamjng alert

              sounds (refer to ·Remote Controll<>r Powe< LED Indicator Status·). please recharge the battery as soon
              as possible.
             2 Charge the remot& controller's battery by using the included miero-USB cable. Using the incorrect
              type of charging cable may cause damage.

               3. Turn off the remote controiiQr boforo ch8rging. The power LED indicator will disph11y solid red when
               charging is in p rogress. The LED indicators will display solid green when the battery is fully charged.

c 2013-2015 OJ I. All Rights Reservcd.14l
3.2 Remote Controller LED Indicator Status
3.21 Remot" Controller Power LED Indicator Status

Power LED Indicator       Sound           Remote Controller Status
                          None            Functioning normally.

······                    None            Charging( romote controller is powered off)
                          None            Remote eontroUc.- joysticks calibtation orror, need to be re-calibratc.
                                          Low voltago (from 3.5V-3.53V). rocllargo the remote contToller.
                          88-88-88        Critical low voltage (from 3.ASV-3.SV). Recharge the remote
                                          controller immodic:~tely.
                          8·8·8......

· ·· ·                    8-8-8..._       Alert will sound after 15 minutos of inactivity. It w ill stop once you

                                          start using tho romote controlle-r.

         The remote controller will power off automatically when battery vol tage drops below 3.&.5V. Land and

! rechatge the battery as soon as possibl& when the low voltage alert occurs to avoid loss of control

         during flight.

3.2.2 Remote Controller Battery Level Indicator Status
The battery level indicntors will ·how the current battery level during both t he discharging process. The following is
a description of the indicators.

, The LED i· solid on            · 'The LED will blink regularly

· , The LED is light off

        r - T ILEDI L 02 I LED3 LE04               Current battery I

        ·· ·· l·· l·· I·                                   75%-1~
        · · · ·- -
                                                         50%-75%
        .· ··· ·· ···,'-. ·                              25%-50%
                                                        12.5%-25%
                                                         0%-12.5%

                                                            <0%

0 2013-2015 DJL All Rights Re·erved.15 1
3.3 Antenna Orientation

The remote controller's antenna should point skyward$ without obstructions for maximum eommunic.:ation range
during flight.

                                                                        F'ogu'e 3-3

3 .4 Remote Controller Operation

  Tho operations of remote controller are ba.sod on modo 2 $lick configuration.

  Definitions
  Tho 'stick neutral' positions and "stick released' mean the control stick.$ of the l'emote controller arc placed at
  tho contral position.
 To 'move the stick· means that the $tick of rcmoto controller is pushed away from the central position.
 Slide lever is used for the pitch control of the H3-2D ·nd H3-3D gimbaL

        Remote            Ain:r.ft                                  Op.ration detoils

     Control!.,.  ( . . no. . direction }  The throttle stick controls aircraft altitude/elevation.

r·                                         Push the stick up and the aircraft will rlso.
                                           Pull the stick down and the aircroft will descend.

                                           The aircraft will automatically hover ~nd hold its
                                           altitude if the st icks ore contorod.

                                           Push t he throt tle stick above the centered (mid-point)
                                           position to make the airc:taft tako off. When flying, we
                                           suggest that you push the throttle> stick slowly to
                                           ptevent the aircraft from sudden and unexpected
                                           elevation changes.

e2013·2015 DJI. All Rights Reservcd.16 1
                                                        The yaw stick controls the aircraft rudder.

                                                  Push the stick left and the aircraft will rotate counter

                                                        clock-wise.

                                                 Push the stick right and t he aircraft will rotate
                                                     clock..wise. If the stick is centered. the ail'craft will

                                                        remain facing the same direction.

                                                 The yaw stick controls the rotating angular velocity of
                                                  the aircraft Pushing the stick further away from center

                                                        r esults in a faster aircraft rotation
                                                     The pitch stick controls the aircraft 's front & back tilt.
                                                        Push t he stick up ar>d the aircraf t will t ilt and fly

.. forwal'd.
                                                        Pull the stick down and the aircraft w ill tilt and fly
                                                        backwal'd. The aircraft will keep level and st.raight if the
                                                        stkk is center ed.
                                                Pushing or pulling the stick f urther' away fl'om center
                                                    will result in a larger t ilt angle (maximum of is 35") and
                                                        fas t er
                                                      The l'oll stick controls the aircraft's left & right t ilt.
                                                        Push the stick left ar>d t he aircraft will tilt and fly left.

-=~~6~;:=~~~~~1 Push the stick ri ght and the aircraft will tilt and fly right.

                                                   The aircraft will keep level and straight if the stick is
                                                        centcrod.
                                                        Pushing the stick further away from center w ill result in
                                                        a larger tilt angle (maximum of 35·) and faster flight

              ,- -                            ,_-,~---,    Sl is for compass calibr ation. Toggle t he Sl switch from
                                                           position·l to position-3 and back to position-1 at least 5
             t'~                              '· '         times, w hich will fo rce the aitcraft to enter into
                                                           compass calibration mode.
             ·,\_..:.9.·'!                   Posi tion..J  Users can configure position 3(bottom position) of the
                                                           Sl switch to trigger the Failsafe in the Assistant.
            Position·2

:'&-j---''  Course Lock                      '',,~_-_--.'  S2 is the IOC mode switch. IOC (Intelligent
              p oint Lock                                  Orientation Control) function can be enabled in t he
 OFF                                         Hom ~         Assistant when in Naza-M mode. O nly use t he IOC
                                                           function after' you are familiar w ith flying.

<0>2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.1 7 J
~(i                 ~~""tf..7. nn"~" ~Ill·    The left d ial controls the p itch of the H3-2D and H3-3D
                                              gimbal. The position of left d ial determines the pitch
  !Ill·-·:3s:               111 D) ···        angle relative to the horizontal level.
                                              Turn the left dial to the rig ht to make the gimbal pitch
                             -.;..,J.         up.
                                              Turn the left diol to the left to make the g imbal pitch
                                              down.
                                              The gimbal w ill keep its cu rrent position if the d ial is
                                              s ta tic.

              ( 1 ) For 'Ready to !=ly ' the aircraft will hover when all sticks are released.

    !

              ( 2 ) For · Ready to Fly (no n-GPS) ' t he oircroft will only keep the al tit ude when all st icks are released.

3.5 Linking the Remote Controller & Built-in Receiver

PHAN TOM 2 has a built~in receiver, the link button ond indicator located o n the bottom of the aircraft as iUustrated

in the Fig ure 3-4.

The link between the remote controller and aircraft is al ready established for you so you am initially skip this

procedure. If you ever replace the remote controller. re-establishing the link is required.

                                              Figure 3· 4

Linking procedures

1. Power on tho PHANTOM 2.

2. Turn on t ho remote controlle-r and p lace it O.Sm,..lm away from t he aircraft.
3. Push the link button with a thin object and hold it until the Link i ndicator blinks red, then release it
4, When the link indicator turns solid green. the link between the remote eontroller and t~ bui lt-in receive-r

     ha$ been successfully established.

Unk Indicator       Status
                    The remote controller is turned off and there is no 2.4GHz signal amund, p lea$e t urn
······              on the remote controller.
                    The receiver is ready for linking.
······
                    There is 2 .4GHz sig nal arou nd b ut the r emote controller is not linked with the receiver,

'6>2013-2015 DJI. A ll Rights Reserved .18 1
                                      plea$e carry out tho linking pfoc(!odure$.

                                The remote controller is linked with the receivef successfully.

4 Intelligent Batte ry

Tho intelligent battery is specially de>ign<!d fe< the PHANTOM 2, with a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of
li.IV and charge-discharge management functionality. Tho battery should only be charged with tho OJI charger.

ODD I

                        Intelligent Battery  Charger
DJllntelligent Battery Functions

( I ) Balance Charging          Aute<natically balance the voltage of each battery cell during charging.
( 2 ) Capacity Display          Display tha curretnt battery level.
( 3) Communicating
                                Tho main controller communicates with the battery via communication ports
( 4 ) Overcharging Protection
( 5 ) Over Discharging           for battery voltage. capacity. c::-u:rrent and other information.
                                Charging stops automatically when t he battery voltage reaches 12.8V to
        Protection
                                prevent overcharging damage.
( 6 ) Short Circuit Protection
                                Discharging stops automatically when the battory voltage reaches 8.4 V to
( 7 ) Sleep Protection
                                prevent over discharging damage.
        Charging Temperature
        Detection               Automatically cuts off the powor supply when a short circuit is detected.
                                The battory will enter sleep modo after 10 minutes of inactivity to save
                                powe-r. Tho st.atic current is lOnA in sJeep mode whon tho battery is
                                powered on without connecting to other devices.
                                The battory will charge only whon its temperatura is within O"C·SS"C. If the
                                battery temperature is out of this rang e, the battery will stop cnarging.

               ( 1 ) Before usc. please read and follow the user manual. disclaimer. and tho wornings o n the battery.

                          Users take full responsibility for all operations and usage.

   !
               ( 2) The battery should only b" cnargcd with the charger provided by OJI. OJI docs not take any
                      responsibility for operation of any charger from a third party.

4.1 Charging Procedures

  1. Connect tho cnarge< to a wall socket (Use the plug sot if necessary).
  2. Connoct the battery to the charger. If the curr.,nt capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should power on

       tho battery to begin charging.

 :3. Tho Battery Level indicators display currant capacity level as the battery cnargcs. Plcoso refer to battery

02013-2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved.19 I
     levol indicator description for dctDils.

4. The battery is fully charged when the Battery level indicator lights are off. Please diseonnect the charger
    and battery when the charging i$ com~ted.

~~                                         r-  1:: .., G
                                                     ~
n DOD                                                      WaU Soc-ket

.....

4.2 Install the Battery

Push the battery into the battery comp01rtmont cotroctJy as the following diagram shows. M.t~kc sure to push the
b.t~ttery into the compartment until you hear a ·click · sound.

                                                                                     Figure 4-1

             An incorrectly inserted battery may cause one of the following to occu" OJ Bad contacl (2) Unavailable
               battery information. (3) Unsafe for flight. (4) Unable to take off.

4 .3 Battery Usage

                          LED2                 LED3
                                               LE.Dil
                     LEDl                      8.:1ttcry Power Buuon
                                               (Built-in Battery Power lndicetor)
B.lttory Lt>vnl Indicator

                                                                                         Figure 4·2

0) Checking the battery level, When tho battery is powered off; pressing the battery powor button once will

    indicate the current battery level. Refer to · Battery Level Indicator Description· for details.
(2) Powering on: Whcn the battery i· powered off; press the battery power button oncc and then press and hold for

    2 seconds to turn on the intelligent battery.
(3) Pow·ring off: When the battery is powered on: pres. the battery power button once ond then press and hold fo r

    2 $0Conds to turn off the intelligent battery.

02013-2015 DJI. All Righ ts Reserved.20 I
(4) Checking the battery lif"' When the battery is powered of~ press and hold the bottory power button for 5
     s«onds to check the battery life. The bouary level i ndicators will show the life and the bottcry power indicotor

    will blink for 10 seconds. then all LEOs will light out and the inte!figent bottery will turn off. Refer to < Battery

     Level Indicator Description;.. for details..

   ~ More battery information is ovo1loblo in the battery lob of the PHANTOM 2 Assi$1ont.

4.4 De5cription of the Battery Level Indicator

ThG battery level indicators will show lho current battery level during both the charging ~nd discharging process as
well as battery life. The following is a description of t he indicators.

, The LED is solid on  · , The LED will blink regularly

 · , The LED is light off                         · -Current battery level
                                                         0%·25%
                            Clwging pnx:eu              25%·50%
                                                        50%-75%
     ····· ····· ····· ·····LEDI LED2 l~eD3 LED4       75%·100%
                                                       Full charged
                  ~-giogpnx:eu
                                                  C..-rentbattery level
                           , LEDI LE02 LED3 LED4
                                                         875%-100%
   .,. ··· ·· ·· ···
   · · ..-.····· ····· ···· ·····1- ·                    75%-87.5%

                            s.tt.ry life                 625%-75%

     · · · ·LEOl LED2 LE03 LED4                          50%-625%

I4:>2013·2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.21                37.5%·50%

                                                         25%-37.5%

                                                         125%-25%

                                                         0%-12.5%           l
                                                            <0%
                                                                         ___J

                                                  Current battery life

                                                      90%·100%
r-.·····  -········-  ········                    .·······---          80%-90%           --
··                                                                     70%-80%
                                                                       60%-70%
                                                                       50%-60%
                                                                       40%-50%
                                                                       30%-40%
                                                                       20%-30%
                                                                     Less than 20%

4.5 Correct Battery UHge Notes                    Cfaf1 w~n it is powered on.

 l. Nc.,·r plug or unplug the> batt~ry into tl><

2. Tho battery should be charged in an environment that is betw""" OOC to 400C. and be discharged in an

environment that is between ·200C to SO'C. Both charging and discharging should be in an environment

where the relative humidjty i.s lower tMn 80Cw,.

:S. It ' s recommended to charge ond dischargo the battery thoroughly once every 20 chorgo/discharge cycles.

Users should discharge the battery until there is less than 8% power l~ft or until tho battery can no longer

bo turne<l on. Users should thon fully rochargc the battery to maximum capacity. This power cycling

procodure will ensure the batte-ry is working at its optimal level.

4. For long term storage please place tho battery with only a40-50% capacity in o strong battery box

securely. We recommend discharging and charging the battery completely once every 3 months to keep it

in good condition. The capacity should be varied in such a cycle (40%-50%~1~40%-50%).

5. It · s suggested you purchase a new battery after you have discharged your current battery over 300 times.

Please completely discharge a battery prior to disposal.

6. It · s suggested that you purchase a new battery if the current battery is swollen or dOlmag<K:I in any way.

7 . Novor try to recharge or fly with .J battery Lhat is swollen or damagod in any way.

8. Never charge the battery unattended. Always charge the battery on a non-flammable surface such as

concrotc and never near any flammable matoriols.

9. Safety is extremely important and users can got more information in the DISCLAIMER.

«12013·2015 DJI. All Rights Reservcd.22 I
5 Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sur· to p<>rform the Compass C.l;bnotion procedures prior to the forst fHght.
The compass is v«y sensitive to eJectromognctic interference which causes abnormal compau data :~nd leads to
poor Hight performance or even flight fa;lure. Regular calibration of the compass enables the compass to perform at
its optimal level.

5.1 Calibration Warnings

               ( 1) DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a possibility for t ho oxistonco of strong
                      magnetic intcrfcroncc such as magnetite, parking structures, and steol reinforcement

0 underground.
          ( 2) DO NOT carry fcrromagootic materials with you during calibration such as koys or cellular
                   phones.

       {l ) Compass Calibration is very important: othe-rwise the night control system will work abnormally.

5.2 Calibration Procedures

Plo~se carry out the calibrating prcx.cdurcs in the night fiold before Right. Please watch the quick start video of the

PHANTOM 2 for more compass calibration details.

       Quickly IHp t he sw;tch Sl          360° Rotate the aircraft             360°Rotate the f!ircri~ft
                                                                              v·rticalty (Not· downw·rd)
        :tp)Position·l                             horiionteUy

                                             G_+I --;>

Stort     Position-3 '·'r·,-::~., ~'
 cali
       Pos.ition- J..Positi()n-.3.-P0$~1

           F"p no ler.s than 5 tit'nct$

       LED Flight Indicator                LED Flight Indicator                           LED f'l;ght  ··
                                                                                           lndH:ote<

                                                                              ·Nonnol LED

       Start horizontal calibratic.,          Start vertical calibration      Succeed                  Foil

                                             Position-1{~~)                   R...c.alibrete
                                            Position-3 *·'.'lS~..-.

                                           Position..I.Posit~on-3+P~»ition-1

                                                         Ft.ponce

5.3 When Reealibration is required

( I ) When Compass Data is abnormal. the> LED mght ;nd;cator will blink alternat;ng betw.,en r<>d and yellow.
( 2 ) U.st compass cal;brat;on was porformod at · completely d;ffcrcnt fly;ng field/location.
( 3 ) The mechanic.:.I struct ure of the aircraft hos c~ngtx:t, i.e.. changed mounting position of the compass.
( 4 ) Evident dr;fting occurs in f!;g ht. i.e. the s;rcraft docsn .t fly in straight Hnes.

e2013·20l5 DJ I. All Rights Reservod.23 I
6 Flight

6.1 Flying Environment R~M~.uirements

             ( 1 ) Before your first flight please allow yourself some Hight troining (Using a flight simulator to

                   practice flying. getting iru;truction from :tn experienced person. etc~.).

          ( 2 ) DO NOT fly in bad weather, such as rain or wind (more than moderato broozo) 0< fog.

             { 3 ) The flying field should be open and void of tall buildings or other ob>taclos; tho ·teel · l ruct ure
                     within buildings may interfere with the compass.

( 4 ) Keep the aircraft away from o bstacles, crowds, power lines, trees, lakos and rivers etc.
( 5 ) Try to avoid inteffer9nce botwcon tho remote controller and other wireless equipment (No base

        stations or cell towers around).

( 6 ) The flight control system will not work properly at the South Pole or North Pole.

( 7 ) Ne-ver use the aircraft in a mann«" that infringes upon or- contravenes international or domestic

        lays and regulations.

6.2 St.arting the Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is usod to start the motors. Push the sticks according to one of the options

escbelow to stort motors. Once the motors have st&rted. rcl~<lSe both stic-ks simultaneously. Tho SllmO  is used to

stop tho motors.

                  A                        Bc          D

                                           Figui'C6·1

6.3 Takeoff/Landing Procedures

  1. Start by p lacing the PHANTOM 2 on the ground with the battery level indicatOr$ facing you.
  2. Tum on the remote conUoiJer.

3. Power on the aircraft by turning on the intelligent battery.

4. When LED flight indicator blinks green/yellow. the PHANTOM 2 is entering R.,<tdy to Fly/Ready to Fly

     (non-GPS) mode. Start tho motors with tho CSC command.
5 . Push the throttle stick up slowly to lift tho oireroft off the ground Refer to <Remote Controller Operation·

     for more dotails.
6. Be sure you are hovering ovor D lovol surf~cc. Pull d own t he th(ottle stic-k to des<:cnd. The stick will lock into

«>2013·2015 OJI. All Rights Reserved.24 J
        place and the aircraft will descend steadily.
   7. After landing. leave the throttle stick down for 3 to 5 seconds to stop tM motors.. Return throttle stick to

        middle position after the motors have stopped.

  0 You SHOULD NOT execute the CSC during normal flight! This will stop the motors and cause the
            aircraft to descend rapidly and drop without ·ny type of controL
                                    - -~----------------------
             ( 1 } When the LED flight indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered into
                       Failsafe mode, refer to <~Foilsnfo Funct~on> for details.
             ( 2 ) A low battery capacity warning is indicated by t he LED flight indicator blinking red slowly or
                    rapidly during Aight. Refer to tho clow Battery Capacity Warning function· for datails.
             ( 3 ) Watch the quick start video about llight for more fligh t information.
             ( 4 ) Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental fac-tors such as air density and
                     temperature. Be very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or more above sea level, as
                     battery and aircraft performance may be reduced.
             ( 5 ) When used with a H3.3D gimbal, a GoPro camera, and the iOSD mini, your Phantom 2 will be very
                       close to its maximum takeoff weight. It is not recomme-nded that you ·ttaeh the Phantom 2
                      propeller guards at this woighL Otherwise, the aircraft w ill be unable to fly normally.

6.4 Failsafe Function

Tho ~ircraft w ill enter Failsafe mode w ho n t he conncx:tion fi'Om the remote contro ller is lost. The flight control

system will automatically conti'OI the aircraft to roturn to home and land to reduce injuries or damage. The following

situations would make the aircraft fail to rec.civc a signal from the remote contro ller and enter Failsafe mode:
 ( 1 ) The remote controller is powered off.
 ( 2 ) The remote controller is powered on but the S1 is toggled in the position triggering the Failsafe (this must

         have been configured in the PHANTOM 2 Assistant).
 ( 3) The aircraft has flown out of the effective communication ~nge of the remote controllc:r.
 ( 4 ) There is an obstacle obstructing tho signal between the remot e controlkM' and tho aircraft essentiaUy

         reducing the d istance the signal can tr3vCI.

 { 5 ) There is interference CDusing a signal problem w ith the remote controller.

Failsafe works differently depending on the modo the aircraft is in when Failsafe mode is initiated whether it is in
tho Ready to Fly or Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode.
RN<Iy to Fly (non-GPS) - Automatic landing

  The flight control system will try to keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. Noto that the aircraft may
  bo drifting during the desc<>nt and landing process.

Ready to Fly - Aut omatic g o home and land
  Tho flight contro l system will a utomatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

02013·2015 OJ I. All Rights Reservad.25 I
Home Point

When the aircrc:aft is initializing the Ready to Fly a;tatlH. the aircraft will record the current GPS coordinates as
the home point. It is recommended to lift off only after Ready to Fly status i$ confirmed for the safety of being

  oble to fly back to home point successfully in ease the Failsafe mode is initiated.
Go Home Procedures

1 Record Home Poir«.                                                                 3 Remote control*' ..ign·l lost.

u:o r~~qollt lrdk-.at~W  ~e                ·                                         UO A ghc ln:huiOr

4 Sign·I Iotti- 3t. toeg;n to go hom..  UO"OoJflll..._.                              ~ rr

            "'ff                        5 Fly bock to heme poin~                     ~ · ·····U:Ofli9h~

         ( I ) In a Failsafe situation, if less than 6 GPS satellites arc found for more than 20 soconds, the aircraft

                 w ill descend autom01tically.

         ( 2 ) When t he aircraft is landing automoticaUy, users cc:an control the c:aircraft' s position ond altilude if

                 the remote controller signal is rete:ovcrcd.

In Phantom 2 mode. users can set a now home point manually when the aircraft is in "'Ready to fly"' status

as long as a home point has bc<>n recorded automatically. Ouiddy flipping the S2 switch of the remote

controller from upper most to &ower most positions 5 times or more will reset the current aircraft position
as a new home point of PHANTOM 2 When successfully reset, you will see a series of rapid green blinks

on the LED l=light Indicator. Tho dofinition of "'home point"' is:

         ( I ) The home point is the place PHANTOM 2 returns to when the control signal is lost. which is
                recorded last time.

         ( 2 ) The home point is used to calculate the horizontal distance between you and thc aircraft, the
                         ~distance will be displayed as
                                                         if using iOSD module.

Regaining Control during Failsafe Procedure                                     .-.
  Position of
                                                                                :~

Switch Sl                               Position-I                          Position-2  PO&ition-3
                                                                                                the Failsot.)
1 - - - - - 1 -- - - - --

                         When the Sl switch is switched to Position·l.

How to regain toggle the Sl switch to any other position once to Regain control as soon &s signal is

control                  regain control. If remote controllor 's tignal is  r~overed.

_ _ __ ....:cr:.e::.::c:o..v: ered, control is returned back to th<> P::i;:l.o:;.t::. __t_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

e2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.261
 6.5 Low Battery Capacity Warning Function

 Tho low b<lttery capacity warning alert. use!"$ when the bi>ttory is dose to depletion during flight When it app.,ars.
 U$<!1"$ ohould promptly fly back and land to avoid occid.,ntol damage. The PHANTOM 2 has two levels of low battery
 c.apacity warning. The first appears when tho battery has less than 30% power and the soeond appoars when it has
 loss than 15% power.
  ( 1 ) When battery power d rops below 30% a nd LED indicator will b link red slowly.
  ( 2 ) At lower than 15% the LED indica to r will blink r"d rapid ly. the PHANTOM 2 will also begin to doscend and

      land a utomatically. Aftor it has landed, keep tho throttle stick at its lowest point or execute CSC.
  ( 3 ) Th"'" is a hidden third low bi>tt"ry threshold in addition to the 1st and 2nd lovol warnings. This uses 10.65V

      as its threshold. Both this voltag" threshold and the 2nd level low Battery Waming will trigger outo-landing.
      Altitude can be maintained if ncc"ssary by pushing up on the throttle stick.

                ( I ) R<>momber to fly yo r PHAN OM 2 b.>ck as !;OOn d< you..,., · low bott"'Y c·~crty wa"" "9·

    ! ( 2 ) Keeping the battery contact n<>Odles and pads clean is very important Any dirt and dust may

                            cause a communic:;ation failure.

6.6 Flight Limits Function

All UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) operator> should abide b y a ll regulations from such organizations at ICAO
(lntornDtionat Civil Aviation Organization) and por country airspace r~gulations. For safety reasons, the! flight limits
function is enabled by default to help use!"$ usc this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes
hoight. distance limits.
In R ~y to fly .tatus, l>cight, di·tancc htruts worh log<·thr-r to '"strict tho llighL In R~ady to fly (non-GPS) status.
only hc-'"Jhf linut work!. and thP Oy1ng hc1ght ,If tt J 1n b- I'\Ot OV<"f 120m.

              (1} The default parameters in tho Assistant is compliant within the definittons of das.s G ruled by
                       ICAO. (Refer to Air ~paco Cl.,~~ific:.tion to get more details). As cilch country has its own rules,

                          make sure to configur e tho p~I'Gmctors to comply w ith these rulos too, before using the
                       PHANTOM2.

Max Height & Radius limits
The Max Height & Radius restricts the flying height and distance. Configuration <an be done in tho PHANTOM 2
Assistant Once complete. your aircraft will fly in a r<>strietod cylinder.

02013-2015 DJ L All Rights Reserved.271
                     "''*·TO..'  .. ~;.;                                                                          -  ·o
                        [ _.,}'
                                                                                                                             -
                               ~ -~                                                                           ~-
                                                                                                                                                           Max
                     -- -..-~- ::-                                                                    -·-·-·
                                                                                                                                                              Homo Point
                     -__-_-_---_--_ --.J-----_--· -··-·--.-.--=_=_... ...,.._.._........_..,......_... ..
                                                                                                                               ..L'-:::==:J-:rh· height of
                     --·-·--:~::-.-..:.....~..........
                              ...                                                                                                                           aircraft when it
                                                                                                                                                               is pow· red on

                                                                                                                                                          FigurO' 6 4

 Reodyto Ay

~

                                 limits                                                                              Ground Station          R~r LED flight indicator

Max Height           The fligh t height is restricted to fly                                                         Warning: Heig ht limit  None.
Max Radius
                     under t he max height.                                                                          reached~

                     The flight distance is restricted to fly Warning: Distance limit Rapid red flashings · · · · · ·

                     w ithin t he max radius.                                                                        reached.                w hen close t o the Max radius limit.

Ready to Fly(non-GPS)

                                 Flight limits                                                                       Ground Station          Rear LED flight indicator

                     The flight height is restricted to fly W arning: H eight limi t teached.

Max Height under t he minor he ig ht betw een the                                                                                            None.

                     Max height and 120m.

 Max Radius                                                Not limi ted, no warnings or LED indicat ors.
'-
                     If the aircraft flies o ut of the limits, you can still contr ol your aircraft except to fly it further away.
               (1)
                     If the aircraft is flying out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non·GPS) status. it will fly back
   !
               ( 2)

                     within t he l imits range automatically if 6 o r more GPS satellites have been found.

6.7 Flight limits of Special Areas

Special areas include airports worldwide. AU sp ecial orcas are listed on the DJI official website. Please refer to
http://www.dji.com/fly~safe/category-mc: for d etails. These areas have been divided into categ ory A and category B.

tl;)20 13-2015 DJ I. All Rights Reserved.28 I
BlOOm ~                                     Center or                          Center of
                                                                                 Spcciol
8000m ~                                      Special                                 Area
                                               Area
                                                                             Airspace: A.C.O
                             Airspoco, A.S.C.D
                                                                                  Boundary: ib Ji,
                             Bovn(fl)ry, A 1J, ~ d                                     ~

-----"I r~b                                                A CD

120m                                                   Category B
                 il 8 lui - - - - .

                 AB                         D

I

-r---~·~==~··=1!-··~-~'-------· -- 7:1'
   IO.Sm

                 Category A

   Ready to Fly  ···

   -                                        Limits                                    Rear LED
                                                                                   Flight Indicator
      Airspace
                                                                                   ······
      A          Motors will not start.
                 If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly                None.
   0 p·,
      B          (non-GPS) mode and Ready to Fly mode activates, it will

     c           automatically descend and land t hen stop its motors.

   Green         If the Phantom flies into a special area in Ready to Fly
                 (non-GPS) mode a nd Ready to Fly mode activates, it will
      D          descend to airspace C and hover 5 meters below edged_.
    Blue
                 No restrictions of flight, b ut the Phantom will not enter

                 Category A, the aircraft can fly free. but it will not enter
                 Airspace 8 through Boundary b & d.
                 Around Category B sites, the phantom can fly freely. but it will
                 not enter into Airspace A through Boundary~

                 No restrictions.

<:>2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.29 I
               Semi-automatic descent: AJI stick commtands are available except the throttle stick command during

 E.l the descent and landing process.. Motors will stop automatically after landing. User$ will regain control

               once the motors have stopped. There is none«< to toggle the Sl switch.

              (1) When flying in the ail'$p;ICO (A/B/C) of restricted special area, LED flight indicators will blink red

                     . . . . . . quickly and continue for 3 seconds. t hen switch to indicate current flying

                        status and continue for 5 soconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.

             (2) For safety reasons, plcoso do not fly close to airports, highways. railway stotions. railway lines.

                       city centers and other spociol arcus. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

6.8 Conditions of Flight limits

In difforent working modes and flight modes. flight limits will differ according to numbor of GPS satellites found.
Tho following table demonstrates oil the cosos(v: available; ><:unavailable).

                                          · ,iMuatanrousty.

  Phantom mode

I Ffight Status           limitsofSpecial Area       -Max Height                                  Max Radius

           Ready to Fly       "                        "                                 - ..J
                                                                                                               X
l R~ady to Fly (non·GPS}                    X             ..J

           -                                                                             T

Control Mode number ofGPS found                   Limits of Special Area     Max Height     MIX Radius

 GPS                      -2:6                    "                       I          --r    "                     i
 ATil.
Manual                    <6                      X                          " -.l--        X                     I
                                                                             "I
                                                                                                 -                !
                                                                             ..J
                          "2:6                                                              X

                          <6 X                                               "X

                          2:6 ·--- )(                                        XX

                          < 6 )(                                             )( )(
                                                                                             ~'--

Disclaimer

Plooso onsure that you arc kept up to data with International and Domestic ajrspace rules and regulations before

u·ing this product. By using this product. you hereby agree to tni· disclaime< and signify that you have read thi· fully.

You agree that you are re.sporl$iblc for your own eondu<:t and content while using this product.. end for any direct or

indirect consequences caused by not follow.ng this manual, violate or disregard any other" applicable local laws.

administrative rules and social t\abits thereof.

e2013-2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved.30 I
7 Assistant Installation and Configuration

.7-.1--Installing Driver and PHANTOM 2 Anistant

   Installing and running on Windows

r---
  1. Download drive< insla!ICI' and Assist.lnt instJ>IIo>r in E:XE format from the download pago of PHANTOM 2

            on the DJI website.

2. Connect the PHANTOM 2 to a PC via a Micro-USB cable.

3. Run tho driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installatjon.

   4.  Noxt. run the Assistant installer and follow tho prompts to finish installation.

  5.   Double click the PHANTOM 2 icon on your Windows desktop to launch the softworo.

1- !      The installer in EXE format only supports Windows operating syste.-ns (Win XP. Win7, WinS (32 or 64

       bit)).

lnot·mng ·nd runnmg on M.c OS X

l . Download the Assistant installer in DMC format from the download pag& of PHANTOM 2 on the DJI
        website.

2. Run the installer and follow th& prompts to finish installation.

3. Whe-n lilunching for thf> fir<ot timt· if uso Launchpad to run the PHANTOM 2 Assiswnt. lAunchpad won'
         allow access bocause the software has not boon reviewed by Mac App Store.

               0  "ff'h·ncom'" CAft't tM ~Mod Mau.M lll.t
                  t'I'Ofll'l H 41ft~t)ft.M' ~-
               1

  -4. Locate the PHANTOM 2 icon in the Finder, preu the Control key and then click the PHANTOM 2 icon

          (or right-click the PHANTOM 2 icon using o mouse). Choose Open from the shortcut menu. click open in
           tho prompt dialog box. and then software will launch.

  5. After the first successful launch. directly lttunching of the softwar e can be achieved by double--clicking
           the PHANTOM 2 icon in t he Find or or using Launchpad.

                                                         - - - -- -
Cl2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.31 I
                                                       OJII'HNITOMl                    -·

      --... - - -....-.... .._        ~ tl ···                                     - -Pl:o:wc alA
      -...··
                                      .....                     ..__               -OimOIIIISIIIIctl
        l
                                      """              "..'.......... ......       -"'-_-_.'."_,''..-.,-.'_w".r--v·
      - - .......
                                      1000             ....
        .... -....,,..
      --,__ ""'                       t OOl)           ................ ....  ...                                      ON
                                                       ...................
      _. . . . ...... ............... '*                                                                             ·-·.............

      ~ .............. ....           ·ooo

      ~ ...................

      -~ ...................
                                                       .................... ""'
                                                                              ""'

I ~I                                                                                                                 "·

      Installer in DMG format supports only Mac OS X 10.6 or above.

' Usage of PHANTOM 2 Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are exactly the same. Tho Assistant pages
             appear in other places of this m11nu"l aro on the Windows for example.

7.2 Using tho PHANTOM 2 Assistant on a PC

  I. Start up t he PC. power on the PHANTOM 2. then conn<>ct the> PHANTOM 2 to the> PC with a Micro-USB
       cable. DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

  2. Run the PHANTOM 2 As<istant and wait for the PHANTOM 2 to connect to the> Assistant Observe the

    indicators · · on the> bottom of the scro;>n. When connected successfully, tho conn<><:tion indicator is 0

      and communication indicator is blinkingO .
 3. Choose [Basic) or [Advanced] configuration pages.
 .4. View and cheek. the current configuration in the [View] page.

                           PHANTOM 2                                               ,l .                              f.vuc:ltort ·.w·l<h ¥11 Ph .;~ntom 2

                                                                                                                          jj/llJ N,,,_. M tnude~

                                                                                                                     1 :~on!J~'I\1)<' t.wap

                                      ./" 0 ' ;;i; ·~ i                                                               A("""'''"'· .,oftw.ue

              RC,G;un      -- -- ---,-,-_-..·....-l.... I--__.,...·-·..                                                Y\'floiQI'l

      ( .nmmuoli(ollouo                                .._...                                                          hftn.,..Hv uJ,)qr.od<'
                mdtc:ttor                              0.~                         ---
                                                                                                                     ·lrn'lml")~"·t. f~ 1\'f\·fN~
                                                       o.. .                       , ....--~                         fW'Ify P'l· ,_.,... ~t·ft·r to ll'lc
                                                       - ..--..-c- 1)01
                                                   --  - - -·---_-- ..._~.....\_~__...,_
                           ---· ''' ·                                                    ...
                                                   ·
                                                                                         ....

                           J:l· · · · · · · · ·-· · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · · l)(l\Miur.l·t ·nll"'rlarl",

1:)2013·2015 OJ I. All Righ ts Reserved.32 I
( 1 ) Users should not enable the Nau·M function before finishing Advanc&d Flight Maneuvers
        p<ocedure in the· PHANTOM Pilot Training Guide".lf the Na:.a-M modo is enabled, users can
        switch the cont<QI mode botwccn ATIL Mode, GPS Mode or Manual Modo. and acCCM the
       advanced sottings (e.g. IOC). In addition. the LED locatod on the rear frame> arms will display
        Naza·M flight status indications instcod of the PHANTOM 2's indicators. Do not enable the
        Naza-M mode unless you aro on oxperionc:ed user or guided by a professional.

( 2) You can change to the Phantom 2 mode by clicking the same button usod to turn on the Naza·M
       mode. This operation will disablo tho Naza·M mode and enable Phantom 2 mode. All parameters
        will be returned to factory settings.

7.3 Firmware upgrade of PHANTOM 2

Please refer to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to install driver and PHANTOM RC Assistant and then follow the
procodurcs below to upgrade the software and firmware>; otherwise the PHANTOM 2 might not work properly.

  1. An internet connection is required to upgr.cte PHANTOM 2 ·s firmware.
  2. C fick the [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whethQf the installed firmware js the

       latost version. If not. click the relative links to upgrade.
  3. Bo sure to wait until t he Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle til& PHANTOM 2 after 5

       soc:onds. Once completed, the firmware is up to dat~.

                               PHANT~l                                   -~          ·- X

                               ~:;. "" 0 ' ;:;;                       i
                               ----- ----· -------------· -·. --·.,__     ___,.
r'""'"""''~ upgr~bkt itt."''M           ·-                  ...
                                        ..,.......,..·....            ......···~··
                                                            .......,
                                                                      .. ..'"'
                                                                      ...... ~--···

                                                                                                                                                        ·Thls !M-'flt"" i' fo, rl"f~CrKO
                                                                                                                                                                  only PlfM~<' 'C'rer to the

               ~~························· .J< tuJI U!.t.'l inh·d~,·.

                ( 1) DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.

                ( 2 ) If the firmware upgrade failod. tho mai n controller wm ente< a waiting for firmware upgrade
                       status automatically. If this happens. repeat the above procedures.

              Firmware upgradablc items: (1) Moin Controller (2) P330CB(Main Board) (3 ) Roceivcr (4) Gimbal

                CMU (5) Gimbal i MU (6) Battery

7.4 PHANTOM RC A55istant Description

Ploaso follow the procedures to finish the configuration of the remote contro ller.

I~2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.33
1. Turn off t~ remote controllc>< and find the Micro-USB port on the bottom of it.

2 Start up t~ PC. powc>< on ~ remote controller, ond t~n connect the remote controller to the PC with a
     Micro-USB cable. DO NOT disconnect until the configuration is finished.

3. Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for tho remote controll<>r to connect to the Assistant. Obsorvg
     the indicators · · on thE> bottom left of t he screen. When connoctod suecossfully, t he connection

   indicator is 0 end communication indicator is blinkingC .

4. Finish configuration in t~ (Main) page.
5. Finish upgrade in tho (Info) page if ne<oessary.

                                              -. .                                      ---·-    -
                                                    ·-
                                                                                                ·-.

Main Page of the 24GHz Remote Controller

 -                                         --·--·-- "'"''-"-F::;::..  _ -.....................  FtrMw.)rE;- upqradl'!
                                                                                                Account. softw.:n~
..-l -                                     - .:.;·"-""+'-'"""'-                                 v<"rs.iun

{!.@                                       -  =:::.:ji=;:...:,        ......~ .. .....  -~'

-·-..-._-_-___....~...._I...,IEB I         -  ."::=1.:;,;..,-"'

_..._._
...,._._(_
-..,~ .....
             ('_.                                                                               · lhr\ >m.--efJP ,.. lew

                                                                                                rrff'f('f'>("4' onty. Plr..a·.f!
                                                                                                tPfN tn ~hP .¥tV.'\I

                                                                                                ,,">(', mt<'rlact'.

0 2013-2015 OJI. All Rights Rescrvcd.34 J
8 Appendix                                        5.6W
8.1 Soecifications                                OJ I Intelligent battery
                                                  lOOOg
 Aircraft
                                                  ~ 1300g
  Operating environment temperat\.tt'Q            Vartical: 0 .8m: Hori.zontal: 2.5m
  Power consumption
                                                  Ascent: 6m/s: Descent: 2m/s
  Supported Battery                               15m/s (Not Recommended)
  Weight (including the battery}                  350mm
 Take-off Weight
  Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)                2.4GHz ISM
  Max Yaw Angular Velocity                        lOOOm
  Max Tilt Angle                                  -97dBm
                                                  120 mA@3.7V
 Max Ascent I Descent Speed                       3.7V. 2000mAh

  Max Flight Speed                                3S LiPo Battery
 Wheelbase                                        5200mAh, ll.lV

 2.4GHz Remote Controller                         o·c to 4o·c

  Operating Frequency
 Communication Distance (open area}
  Rec.,iv"r S<>nsitivity (l<K.PER}
 Working Current/Voltage
  Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity

 DJI Intelligent Battery

 Type
 Capacity
 Charging Environment Range
 Discharging Environment Range

8.2 LED Fliaht Indicators Description

  Aircraft in Normal status               Descriptions
                                          Power On Self-Test
1-.···.-.···- ··-···-···-                 Warming Up & Aircraft cannot t.ake off during warming vp
                                          Ready to Fly
                                          Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

Aircraft in abnormal status               Warnings and errors

·····                                     Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                          1~ Level Low Battery Capacity Warning
~2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Rescrved.35 I
·········                                 2nd Level l ow Battery Capacity Waming
                                          Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
-·····                                    Errors & Aircraft cannot fly.·
                                          Compass data abnormal because of ferro-magneti-c interference or
                                          the compass needs calibration.

· Users can connect to the PHANTOM 2 Assistant to get detailed information about warnings and errors.

@2013-2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved.36 I
