July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12183
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1770

Mr. Gant Elmore
Vice President
Firmatek, L.L.C.
9360 Corporate Drive, Suite 103
Selma, TX 78154

Dear Mr. Elmore:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 5, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Firmatek, L.L.C. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial surveys
and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Aibotix X6.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Firmatek, L.L.C. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Firmatek, L.L.C. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aibotix X6 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Submitted electronically

May 5, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition for Exemption from Certain Federal Air Regulations according to
       Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

Firmatek, L.L.C. (Firmatek) is applying for an exemption from regulations detailed
below in order to conduct commerical aerial surveys and inspections with a small,
unmanned aircraft system, thereby delivering accurate metric data to clients operating
surface mines and mineral quarries while at the same time, improving safety levels for
those companies.

BACKGROUND

The United States Geological Survey (USGS) estimates that the value of minerals
mined in the United States during 2014 was more than 77.6 billion dollars. In
addition, the USGS also reports that 57% of the mining done was within ten States.
The majority of mineral extraction operations done in these States was surface
mining.

Stockpile accidents at surface mine locations, fatal and non-fatal, are prevalent within
the mining industry. Survey exposes mine personnel to risks of fall, slide, and
encounter with heavy equipment. Spending less time on or near the stockpile can
mitigate these risks. In these hazardous environments, we believe that the use of a
small unmanned aircraft offers a fast and safe alternative to human measurement and
inspection. Acreage for survey has already been permitted for the use of explosives
and is sited away from population, roadways, airports, and low-flying aircraft. Access
to the sites is strictly controlled by safety protocols. These protocols are enforced by
the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) and state agencies.

Stockpile survey techniques are of three general types:

                                                                                                                                    1
   1. Total stations and GPS with prism and reflector or reflectorless;
   2. Terrestrial laser scanners, fixed-position or mobile;
   3. Aerial photogrammetry by manned aircraft.

There are safety risks to personnel in all three practices. The first technique, total
stations and GPS, is time-consuming and requires ground survey teams to ascend the
stockpile with an instrument, accompanied by an experienced quarry employee. The
second technique, terrestrial laser scanner, involves setting up scanners on the ground
or transporting them around in the quarry in a vehicle for good measurement angles.
Measuring from the bottom of the quarry may not give accurate measures, and there
are many obstacles to view. The following hazards accompany ground survey
techniques:

    Stockpiles are marginally stable surfaces, may conceal voids, and expose people
       to falls and slides.

    Moisture and freezing change slope stability and allow it to stand at a steeper
       angle, then suddenly stress and collapse.

    Exposure to injury is not limited to standing on the top: loading out by heavy
       equipment at the bottom or face can create slides and collapse of overhangs,
       and interaction with heavy vehicles is a hazard.

    The top of piles and terraces or benches cannot be accurately surveyed unless
       measured from above as well as from lateral angles.

Because of these factors, ground access to stockpiles and equipment is hazardous and
is regulated by the United States Department of Labor's Mining and Health
Administration (MHSA). In addition to the MHSA, there are 30 States that have
regulatory agencies monitoring the mining industry.

The third technique, aerial survey by manned aircraft, allows a top view but oblique
angle viewing is challenging. Descent into the quarry is not an option. Many survey
targets are 500 or more feet below nearby ground level.

Quarries and surface mines are segregated from populated areas and further separated
by no-trespass buffer zones. Safety practices onsite are intensely monitored by
supervisory personnel and by MSHA inspectors and the state in which they are
located. Property perimeters are strictly controlled due to danger, including frequent
explosive use. Sometimes more than a million pounds of non commercial materials

                                                                                                                                    2
per year per site are necessary to move to reach material production of more than two
million tons. Aircraft overflying surface quarries are vulnerable to flyrock and
shockwaves.

With appropriate planning, surface mines offer a sterile environment in which to
operate a small unmanned aircraft: personnel and equipment onsite are under
supervision and visual line of sight (VLOS) flight operations fit well within
boundaries. Using a small electric aircraft lets the pilot and survey crew work at a safer
standoff from danger, and accomplish tasks in less time than other ground-based
techniques. The risks of manned aircraft flight for survey are avoided, and the use of
the NAS is consistent with the safety of other users.

DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

Firmatek, L.L.C. offers laser profiling and laser stockpile measurement services to the
surface mining industry. Firmatek is the premiere supplier of 3D mapping services for
all industries that deal with the measurement and movement of earth. Firmatek effort
to brings to clients same-day results, setting the standard for the industry.

NAME OF PETITIONER

Gant Elmore, Vice President
Firmatek, LLC
9360 Corporate Dr., Suite 103
Selma, TX 78154
Telephone: (210) 651-4990

AGENT FOR PETITIONER

For technical and administrative questions on this petition, please contact:

Mr. Brian Dyer
Remote Pilot Systems LLC
Telephone: (484) 680-7310
Email: brian.dyer@remotepilotsystems.com

                                                                                                                                    3
DESCRIPTION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

Firmatek Instrument wishes to fly the Aibotix X6, an electric multirotor, as its survey
aircraft. Aibotix in Germany has delivered more than 200 aircraft since 2011. The
flight control system used with the aircraft is designed and manufactured in Germany,
has undergone continuous improvement and development since 2008, and several
thousand units have been delivered for industrial use. If the radio control link is lost,
emergency failsafe is designed to prevent flyaway and perform a controlled descent or,
if GPS signal is sufficient, return to the takeoff point. The flight control system can
fly pre-programmed waypoints yet respond immediately to pilot stick overrides in
case of route adjustment or emergency. Its radio control system incorporates
telemetry which is displayed on the pilot's handheld controller and may be announced
by voice. The X6 aircraft is optimized for aerial survey and incorporates safety
features to reduce pilot workload. The aircraft is less than four feet in diameter, made
of carbon-fiber reinforced polymer in high-visibility green, with protective blade
guards surrounding six rotors, and is designed for a maximum takeoff weight of 13
pounds and flight time of about thirty minutes with its dual battery power. The
aircraft carries no flammable liquid fuel.

RF SPECTRUM

Radio control and video transmission systems meet FCC requirements for operation
in the unlicensed spectrum of the 2.4 and 5.8 Ghz ranges. Manufacturer warnings
about interference from devices operating at or near these frequencies or their
harmonics are documented in the Firmatek Flight Operations Manual (FFOM), along
with procedures to ensure radio safety with the SUAS.

EXTENT OF RELIEF SOUGHT AND WHY

Petitioner asks for relief from regulations tabled below, which the authority of the
FAA has previously granted in exemption certificates number 11062 along with six
others described as "in commonality", and in number 11109, which are for use of
electric rotorcraft. Firmatek's Flight Operation Manual (FFOM) incorporates the
conditions and limitations of these grants of exemption, and in some cases imposes
stricter limits on its own operations. Advisors to Firmatek have consulted with
management of the federal MSHA in the development of its safety procedures for use
in regulated surface mines.

                                                                                                                                    4
CFR CODE CITATIONS

14 CFR         SUMMARY OF              REASON FOR                      EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART            REGULATION
61.113 (a)  Private pilot privileges   EXEMPTION REQUEST               SAFETY
            and limitations: Pilot in
61.113 (b)  command.                   Holder of private pilot         Characteristics of aircraft,

            Private pilot privileges   certificate may not act as pilot VLOS, class G airspace, under
            and limitations: Pilot in
            command.                   in command for compensation 400 ft AGL, trained visual

                                       or hire. Flying for             observer in radio

                                       compensation on engineering communication with pilot;

                                       survey missions is central to remote site, quarry industry

                                       purpose of exemption request. safety protocols enhanced by

                                                                       Firmatek's flight safety plan;

                                                                       PIC with minimum of sport

                                                                       pilot certificate, currency in the

                                                                       aircraft listed on the certificate,

                                                                       3rd class medical or valid U.S.

                                                                       driver's license, pilot training,

                                                                       testing, proficiency with similar

                                                                       and same model UA; and

                                                                       inspection/maintenance are

                                                                       defined in the Firmatek Flight

                                                                       Operations Manual (FFOM)

                                                                       and will ensure equivalent

                                                                       levels of safety if not more.

                                       Holder of private pilot         There is no passenger or pilot

                                       certificate may act as pilot in on board the SUAV, thus
                                       command for compensation or safety issues are different than
                                       hire if flight is incidental to a manned flight. Firmatek's
                                       business or employment and aircraft has programmable
                                       does not carry passengers for
                                                                       automated safety features and
                                       compensation or hire. Flying    emergency responses, has pre-
                                       for compensation on             flight checks for safety beyond
                                       engineering survey missions is  commercial manned aircraft,
                                       central to purpose of           can be geographically restricted
                                                                       by operator with
                                       exemption request, not          programmable control points,
                                       incidental to business or       has communications with the
                                       employment.

                                                                       PIC regarding fuel loss and

                                                                       other flight hazards. PIC will

                                                                       have ground school training

                                                                       certificate and additional 25

                                                                       hours logged flight time and 25

                                                                       hours classroom and field

                                                                       instruction as stated in FFOM.

                                                                                                            5
14 CFR      SUMMARY OF          REASON FOR EXEMPTION EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART
91.119 (c)  REGULATION                       REQUEST                  SAFETY

91.121      Minimum safe altitudes Operating closer than 500 feet to a People will not be allowed

            over other than     person, vehicle, or structure may be over, under or within 500 feet

            congested area      necessary for survey and equipment laterally of the aircraft in flight.

                                inspection.                    Some flights may require the

                                                               participation or guidance of

                                                               quarry personnel, positioned as

                                                               close as 200 feet. Firmatek will

                                                               brief them on safety and obtain

                                                               necessary consent. Quarry site

                                                               safety rules require wearing

                                                               protective helmets, clothing

                                                               and footwear. Vehicles are

                                                               hardened against impact with

                                                               rock and other quarry material.

                                                               Reinforced structures contain

                                                               conveyors to be inspected and

                                                               a safety case is planned in the

                                                               FFOM.

            Altimeter settings  Procedures to set and confirm  An onboard air pressure sensor

                                altitude do not provide for operation and software resolve height

                                of remote telemetry to SUAS pilot. differences as small as one

                                                               centimeter. Altitude is

                                                               controlled by measuring air

                                                               pressure and the z--axis

                                                               accelerometer/GPS values.

                                                               The starting point is a relative

                                                               height measurement calculated

                                                               by the flight controller.

                                                               Altitude above ground is

                                                               displayed on the pilot's

                                                               handheld controller by

                                                               telemetry, and alarms can

                                                               signal conditions of interest.

                                                               400 feet AGL is the maximum

                                                               permissible in the FFOM,

                                                               which describes altimeter

                                                               procedures.

                                                                                                     6
14 CFR         SUMMARY OF          REASON FOR EXEMPTION EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART            REGULATION
91.151 (b)  Fuel requirements for  REQUEST                                     SAFETY
            flight in VFR
91.405 (a)  conditions.            Rotorcraft under VFR must carry Battery voltage under load is
91.405 (b)
            Maintenance required.  enough fuel to reach first landing displayed on the pilot's
                                                                          handheld controller during
            Maintenance records.   point and then another 20 minutes.     flight. The X6 uses 2 lithium
                                   The X6 multirotor is designed to fly   polymer batteries of a multi--
                                   for a maximum of 30 minutes with
                                   its 2 batteries.                       cell design, connected in
                                                                          parallel for redundancy and

                                                                          optimal current delivery.

                                                                          Battery chemistry does not

                                                                          support adequate current

                                                                          discharge below about 3 v per

                                                                          cell. Circuitry in the onboard

                                                                          flight controller measures

                                                                          voltage and will start a failsafe

                                                                          procedure to land before

                                                                          summed minimums are

                                                                          reached. In the event that one

                                                                          or more cells fail, these

                                                                          minimums may be reached

                                                                          sooner than expected, due to

                                                                          rapid current drain against a

                                                                          smaller number of functioning

                                                                          cells. Firmatek pilots are trained

                                                                          to monitor voltage and

                                                                          recognize abnormal discharge

                                                                          in flight and to land sooner

                                                                          than forced. If 20 minutes of

                                                                          flighttime or 25% of reserve

                                                                          voltage under load is reached,

                                                                          pilot must commence landing.

                                   Required inspections and               Firmatek will document

                                   discrepancies repaired between         maintenance, overhaul,

                                   required inspections pertains to       replacement and inspection

                                   certificated manned aircraft and       requirements in the absence of

                                   procedures conducted by licensed manufacturer's requirements;
                                   maintenance personnel. In the
                                   absence of certification requirements  will document and maintain
                                   for SUAS and SUAS maintenance          maintenance records and
                                   personnel, reasonable alternatives     technician qualification criteria
                                   must be developed to maintain          in the FFOM.

                                   equivalent levels of safety.

                                   Qualifications for maintenance         Qualifications, competence and

                                   personnel for SUAS were not            testing for maintenance

                                   contemplated by these regulations, personnel are defined in the

                                   and a reasonable alternative must be FFOM.

                                   developed to maintain equivalent

                                   levels of safety.

                                                                                                             7
14 CFR      SUMMARY OF       REASON FOR EXEMPTION EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF
PART
91.407 (a)  REGULATION                    REQUEST                             SAFETY
(1)
            Operation after  There is no authorization procedure Procedures for the PIC to test
91.409 (a)
(1)         maintenance, preventive for a person who can approve a     then approve a return to

91.409 (a)  maintenance,     return to service of an SUAS, and a service after maintenance are
(2)
91.417 (a)  rebuilding, or alteration. reasonable alternative must be  defined in the FFOM.

91.417 (b)                   developed to maintain equivalent

                             levels of safety.

            Inspections.     Annuals conducted by a qualified Schedules for inspection and

                             inspector require authorization           responsibilities of the PIC and

                             criteria for that inspector, not yet      qualified technician are
                             defined for SUAS. A reasonable            described in the FFOM.
                             alternative must be developed to

                             maintain equivalent levels of safety.

            Inspections.     Issuance of airworthiness certificates Airworthiness is the

                             for SUAS under 55 pounds operated responsibility of the PIC and

                             VLOS is not contemplated by these the technician as defined in the

                             regulations                               FFOM.

            Maintenance records. Regulations do not contemplate        The operator will maintain

                             requirements or approval processes records according to the

                             for maintenance and inspection of procedures specified in the

                             uncertificated SUAS, however a            FFOM.

                             reasonable alternative must be

                             developed to maintain equivalent

                             levels of safety.

            Maintenance records. Retaining and transferring records of Records and documentation

                             maintenance and defects according will be kept for all maintenance
                             to standards prescribed for
                                                                       performed, defects, and for all
                             authorized maintenance and
                                                                       components specified in the
                             inspection is not contemplated in the FFOM.
                             regulations for SUAS. A reasonable

                             alternative is necessary to maintain

                             equivalent levels of safety.

PILOT IN COMMAND AND CREW

The Pilot In Command (PIC) must hold a transport, commercial, private, recreational,
or sport pilot certificate, and be in compliance with the training and testing specified
in the FFOM. The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a
valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a
territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC must be in compliance
with the training and testing specified in the operator's manual. He must remain in
radio communication with a visual observer who is in compliance with the training
and testing specified in the operator's manual. The pilot must be able to acquire the
aircraft with his own vision according to eye standards for a thirdclass airman medical

                                                                                                        8
certificate. He must operate within visual visual line of sight only, and be able to see
the attitude and orientation of the aircraft himself. If GPS or magnetometer is
compromised, certain safety features may not operate, and the pilot must understand
by his training and experience how to recover control.

OPERATION OF THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT

The aircraft will be under the operational control of the petitioner.

   1. The aircraft used for survey operations by Firmatek will be only the Aibotix
         X6 as described in the Firmatek Flight Operations Manual (FFOM), unless
         the FAA approves an amendment to this petition.

   2. The PIC will hold a transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
         pilot certificate, a third-class medical certificate or or a valid U.S. driver's
         license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a
         possession, or the Federal government , and must meet flight review
         requirements in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated, according to 14 CFR §
         61.56.

   3. Firmatek pilots will operate at least three (3) nautical miles outside populated
         areas, at less than 400 feet AGL, in class G airspace, in daylight hours only
         and within visual line of sight of the PIC, five (5) nautical miles or more
         away from airports as denoted on current FAA-published charts, and use a
         FFOM-qualified visual observer in radio communication with the PIC.

   4. Manufacturer's limitations of the aircraft will not be exceeded, and
         Firmatek's operations will adhere to power reserves and lower operational
         limits described in the FFOM.

   5. Preflight inspection by the PIC, and inspection and maintenance procedures
         will be followed according to the FFOM, and will be properly documented
         and signed for by an authorized technician who has completed training
         specified in the FFOM.

   6. Test flights by the PIC in connection with maintenance requirements will be
         documented.

   7. Manufacturer systems and safety bulletins will be followed, and flight critical
         components will be monitored and replaced when specified in the FFOM.

   8. Discrepancies discovered between inspections will be documented by
         Firmatek maintenance personnel.

                                                                                                                                    9
9. If visibility is less than three (3) statute miles from the PIC, the aircraft may
     not be operated less than 500 feet below a cloud, or less than 2000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud.

10. The PIC must follow emergency procedures as described in the FFOM in
     event of lost link, degraded navigation signals, or appearance of
     unauthorized persons within the secure flight perimeter.

11. A commercial Certificate of Authorization will be obtained by FAA's
     designated procedure before any operations are conducted, and Notices to
     Airmen will be filed in accordance with FAA requirements.

12. An N-Number will be obtained for all aircraft operated.
13. RF spectrum will be used in compliance with FCC requirements.
14. Documents required by 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC

     at the point of flight and control, and will be produced upon request by any
     authority.
15. The aircraft will remain clear of and yield right of way to all manned aviation
     operations and activities at all times.
16. The PIC will operate the aircraft from a stationary ground position and not
     from any moving device or vehicle.
17. No operations over congested or densely populated areas is allowed, whether
     or not these areas are depicted on aeronautical charts.
18. The safety of people and property is paramount, and no operations may be
     conducted within 500 feet of non-participants or their property unless
     conducted according to safety procedures in the FFOM which are approved
     by the FAA.
19. All operations will be conducted over controlled-access property, that is,
     mineral quarries and other properties where the movement of large tonnage
     of earth is done, for which permission has been obtained prior to flight, and
     for which safety briefings have been completed according to the FFOM.
20. All incidents, accidents, and transgressions of allowed flight boundaries will

     be reported as required by FAA and NTSB.

BENEFIT TO THE PUBLIC

The proposed exemption will allow the operator to:
     mitigate the safety risks for clients who must conduct regular surveys of
        hazardous stockpiles of minerals and/or track the displacement of earth
        tonnage,
     will reduce the risk of climb and fall during equipment inspection,

                                                                                      10
     will help quarry operators plan safe use of explosives,
     will reduce the number of flights of manned aircraft for regular survey thereby

        diminishing the danger of such use, both to those onboard as well as to people
        and property under the flight path, and
     will reduce the environmental impact of fossil fuel use in aircraft.

A better compliance model is possible for MSHA regulations on coal and noncoal
surge and storage pile hazards including entrapment (30 CFR 77.209, 56.9312, and
citations in the FFOM). The SUAS operation offers safer alternatives to stockpile
inspection than the manner in which it is currently being done. By staying off the pile
area and away from reclaiming operations and high conveyor-fed work areas,
necessary survey and inspection will be performed at lower risk to participants.

REASONS WHY THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT
SAFETY

The survey aircraft will be operated in accordance with safety protocols defined in the
FFOM, for which we request approval by the FAA according to its authority granted
by Congress in Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

The survey aircraft carries no person, cargo, or flammable liquid fuel. Its size and
weight are a small fraction of any manned aircraft, and its safety systems reflect best
design practices in the SUAS industry.

People on the ground inside a quarry are required to wear helmets and safety clothing,
and operators of heavy vehicles allowed access are protected against rock strike by
safety cabs.

As proposed by Firmatek, SUAS operations enhance safety procedures and help with
MSHA compliance. When operated by licensed pilots over a rock quarry, an SUAS
used for survey and inspection will reduce the risk and duration of exposure to risk
for employees, contractors, nearby communities and manned aviation.

When properly operated by trained pilots, a well-designed SUAS can stay clear of
people and property on the ground and in the air. Procedures, airmanship skills,
training and testing requirements for SUAS personnel in the FFOM will let the

                                                                                                                                  11
operator achieve safety levels in the NAS and on the ground which are equivalent to
or greater than in manned aviation.

SUMMARY FOR PUBLICATION

The following summary may be published in the Federal Register:

Petitioner requests an exemption from:

14 CFR Parts 61.113 (a) and (b)
14 CFR Parts 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (b), 91.405 (a) and (b), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409
(a) (1), 91.409 (a) (2), 91.417 (a)

in order to operate a small unmanned aircraft system (SUAS) for purposes of 3D
modeling of surface mine stockpile volume survey, and blasting plan support. The
pilot in command will be appropriately qualified with a current private pilot certificate
and specialized training. Access to surface mine operations is restricted to personnel
with safety training, safety clothing, and vehicles protected against rock strike. Surface
mines for survey are located away from populated areas, airports, air traffic, and
surface traffic.

Electronic ground-based survey techniques expose people to risk of rockfall, slide,
and falling. The Mine Safety and Health Administration regulates access to surge piles,
stockpiles, and the highwall face and reclaiming areas of surface mines. Manned
aircraft for aerial survey introduce other risks, and do not supply low-angle views into
the canyon of a surface mine, which may be 500 to more than 3500 feet deep.

The survey aircraft, an Aibotix X6, is an electric multirotor weighing less than 15
pounds, under 4 feet in diameter, equipped with flight control and safety features to
prevent flyaway from mine premises and to minimize risk to people and property
allowed within the zone of operations and outside it.

No flight operations outside the secure areas are allowed, and there are no impacts to
privacy.

                                                                                                                                  12
