June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11886
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0781

Mr. DeWitt M. Harkness
Managing Partner
FlightWink LLC
3910 Southwest Friar Road
Topeka, KS 66610

Dear Mr. Harkness:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 24,2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of FlightWink LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct commercial
operations for the agriculture, oil and gas, aerial photography and wildlife preservation
industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Volantex Raptor and Tarot T-18.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, FlightWink LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, FlightWink LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Volantex Raptor
    and Tarot T-18 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed

    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this

    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
March 24,2015

US Department of Transportation
Docket Operations ·
West Building, Ground Floor
Room·W12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for authorization to conduct unmanned aircraft systems operations allowed by
Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 through the _exemption process
identified under 14 C.FR. Section 11.81.

Dear Sir/Madam;_

Located in the heart of America's "Ag belt," FlightWink "tLC is a Kansas LLC founded by four members of

the business, agriculture, and aviation community, Arman A. Miller, JohnS. Harkness, Cody L. Betsworth,

and DeWitt M.Harkness.           .

  Over the past year and one half we, as FlightWink LLC, have amassed many hours of operational
  experience in unmanned aerial systems(UAS). We have conducted many practice non-commercial
  missions on our 160..:acre rural Wabaunsee County, Kansas, land. F 1i g h tWin k L L C' s
. commitment is unparalleled when it comes to UAS experi~nce, study, craft maintenance, safety
  practices, and safety instruction.

  DeWitt M. Harkness, has several decades of experience as a current private pilot with a current Class 3
  Medical (please_ see attached) and holds a VSO Line ofSight Operator Certification from the Unmanned
  Safety Institute (please-see attached).

  All FlightWink LLC's personnel and all business, agriculture, and aviation
  activities will be properly and fully insured.

· ·flightWink LLC is poised to bring safety and experience to the United States civilian UAS
  operations industry. Our exemplary business and aviation experience plus our emphasis on the practice and
  teaching of UAV safety, we feel, makes us more than worthy for the Secretary to approve our exemption
  request.

  Pursuant to Section 333 ofPL 112-95 commonly known as the "FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
  2012" or "The Reform Act", FlightWink LLC, hereby applies for authorization to conduct commercial
  unmanned aerial systems (UAS) operations for the agriculture, oil and gas, aerial photography and

  wildlife preservation indtistries, within the United States National Airspace System (NAS) within Class G

  and occasionally E airspace, along with additional restrictions identified herein.
  We are submitting the attached detailed information specifically outlining why approval of
  thisrequest is in the best public interest and how this approval will provide a level of safety at
  Ieast equal to that provided by the rules FlightWink LLC seeks exemption from.

  In addition, through our continued operational experience in the UAS field, FlightWink LLC
  will show how the approval of this request will facilitate our _ability to ·work with the~AA to
  safely accelerate the integration of civil unmrumed aircraft into the national airspace system as
  directed by Congress.

  By strictly adhering to the guidelines presented herein, FlightWink LLC will insure a safety level
  gr~ater than that directed by the rules for which we seek exemption.- This is especially true when
· you compare the same operating procedures against a manned aircraft. SUAS are inherently safer
  due to the fact that they are much smaller, fly at much lower speeds with no human operators on
  board, and there is zero fuel to be concerned with in the event of a crash.

  As processes are further refined, FlightWink LLC's operations will only add to an already higher level
  of safety compared to manned flight operations which will serve the best public interest in the
  FAA's endeavor to integrate UAS into the NAS.

 We certainly look forward to gaining approval of commercial UAV operations for FlightWink
 LLC.

                    7

t ISincer~ly

 ~I , ~4(

  'Witt M. Harkness, Managing Partner/Pilot
  Flight Wink LLC
  3910 SW Friar Rd.
  Topeka, KS 6661 0
 dewitt2@wolfes.com
  785-640-3229
Training & Operations

Section 333 of "The. Reform Acf' states:

" ... the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate

safely in the national airspace system ... ln making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary

shall determine, at a minimum- (I) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of

. their size, weight, speed, operational · capability, proximity to·airports and populated areas, and

operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users ofthe nationalairspace system or the

public or pose a threat to national sec:Urity... "  ·

FlightWink LLC will utilize the Volantex Raptor (fixed. wing) and the Tarot

T -1 8 (oCto copter) to conduct operations for the agriculture, oil and gas, aerial
photography ·~d wildlife preservation industries. Both crafts meet the requirements for

e.~x..emption per the "Performance and. Specifications" section to follow.

Operating within visual line of sight (VLOS) and remaining belo~ 400 feet AGL are

standard operating procedures- for· FlightWink LLC, and will remain so until. further advances

in safety of flight are introduced to the market and regulated by the FAA.       ·

·As described below, all operations will be confined to those areas no closer than 5 statue
miles of any airfield and the proper authorities will be notified with any operations within five
statUe miles.

.Safety is of the utmost priority in_any and all FlightWink LLC operations.

                                                                             ..
The Airctaft;

. Design: Both ·crafts are built from a variety of durable, lightweight, and modular

components that aid intheir capability to safely conduct flights in a variety of conditions. The

modularity of construction allows. for easy exchange of structural, propulsion, and sensor

components in the field as per each manufacturer's specifications and repair/maintenance

instruction manuals.  ·

         Aircraft Performance/Specifications:

          · Cnift Composition: Raptor--Thermoplastic; Tarot--Carbon Fiber
          · Flight Controls: (both craft)

                   o Primary: GPS Guided Autopilot (Ground Control Station)
                   o Backup: Standard Flight Controls (RC Transmitter)

          · Power Supply: (both craft) Electric Motor/Next-Gen Battery Technology

          · Wingspan: Raptor--72"/6 ft.

          · Diameter: Taroi--Q0"/5 ft. with Sea. IS" props.

          · ·Speed in knots: Raptor-- Max: 45/Cruise: 25/Stall: 10; Tarot-Max: 25

          · Empty Weight: Raptor--5.5 lbs.; Tarot-IS lbs.

         · · . Max Payload: Raptor--5 lbs.; Tarot-15 lbs.

          · Launch (Take Oft): Raptor--Hand-launch or catapult; Tarot"--(}round launch
          · Recovery (Landing): ·Raptor--Skid Recoverable (belly landing); Tarot"--(}round

               landing

Opetator Training: All initi~l flight operations and maintenance training will be conducted

in accordance with each manufacturer's training manuals. Opct: operator candidates have

met.FlightWink LLC's management's requirements, they wilrenter into FlightWink

LLC's qualification training program· which includes FAA authorized ground school

training and a. Class III medical examination. Upon successful completion, the operator will

earn their Co-Operator/Observer rating. Co-Operators/Observers will be required to conduct 50

operational hours aiid complete the Visual Line of Sight Operator's course through the .

·Unmanned Safety Institute to be considered for Operator in Command qualification testing.

The operator candidate will then be required to complete an o r a l test and "check ride"

upon successful completion of which, the operator will receive their Operator in Command

rating.

         · NOTE: King Schools will conduct Ground school training on-line. DeWitt M Harkness will, in the future,

         conduct the VSO training. ·           ·

Initial certification training requirements instructed by each include:

 Pre-Flight Training:
               · Unpacking artd assembly
               · Power requirements, set-up arid connectivity
               · System end-to-end set-up and test inspections
               · Preflight, run-up and system .checks

Flight Operations Training:
               · · Proper Handling
               · Motor Operations
              · GCS Flight Programming and Test
              · Launch

             · Basic Flight (climb, cruise, descent, landing)
             · Maneuvering
             · Airspace and Landing Zone OJ?erations

              · Flight Reprogramming
              · Flight Monitoring

             · In-Flight Em_ergency Procedures

.Post Flight:

             · Shut Down Procedures

              · Data Retrieval and Storage

             · .End-to-End Test and Maintenance Logs
             · Disassembly .
             · Packing, Storage and Transportation

  Co-Oper~tor/Observer qualification training requirements instructed by FlightWink LLC:

          · Understanding FAA Rules I Regulations

         · Collection Requirements
         · Operational Planning

          · Flight Planning

         · Area of Operations - Hazard Mitigation
         · Daily Flight and Inspection Log Completion

          · Proper Authority Notification Process

  Operator in Command qualification testing require~ents instructed by FlightWink LLC:

          · Visual Line of Sight VSO written e xarn consisting of 30 questions with a pass

     .. rate of 80% following the guideline~ set forth by the Unmanned Safety Institute
                "Check Ride" and Oral exam consisting of:
                     o Airport Operations
                     o Maintenance Inspections
                     o Flight Plan Development
                     o Area of Operations Hazard Mitigation
                     o Weather Hazard Mitigation
                     o Emergency Procedures
                     o Pre-Flight Operations
                     o Flight Operations
                     o Post-Flight Oper:ations
FlightWink LLC's Operations Execution:·

 Given the fact commercial UAS operations are restricted due to the lack of regulations, a
. logical and safe solution is to utilize the safety guidance provided for hobbyist use of

 sUAS and other model aircraft as identified by Advisory Circular 91-57 and Section
 336 of the "Reform Act". FlightWink LLC operations will be conducted in a
 methodical, efficient, and most importantly, safe manner adhering_ to strict guidelines·
 which addresses safety concerns with proximity to airports arid populated areas in the
 interim of official guidance from the FAA as the rules and regulations are being further ·
 developed.

The following list provides specific rules and guidelines all FlightWink LLC

operations will adhere to ensuring at least an equivalent or higher level of safety

when compared to manned aircraft performing the same functions as outlined within 14

C.P.R.  .

All FlightWink LLC's crews will:

         Be comprised of a minimum of two certified operators with one serving as Operator in
         Command (OIC) and the other(s) as Co-Operator/Observer(s).

Consist of one certified air vehicle maintenance techniciag:;to conduct pre and post flight
inspections.

NOTE: 0/C/Observer may alsojill the role ofthe maintenance technician

Attend pre and post flight mission briefs which will consist of ~eather information, flight        ..
information to include operational area and mission objectives, hazard mitigation
actions and most importantly emergency and abort procedures; also included will be
any NOTAMs or improvements to standard operating procedures through further
refinements in operations.

         Sign applicable documentation verifying their attendance to ·mandatory briefs as well as
         produce daily pre and post flight inspections and flight logs.

All FlightWink LLC's operations will:
             At no time fly within 5 statute miles of any operational airfield.

   Provide prior notification to airfield operator and airfield air traffic control tower
(when applicable) when operating within five statute miles of any active airfield no later
than 24 hours prior to air ·operations.

   Provide prior written notification to local/county sheriff and fire departments in the
event· assistance is require<;{ to include: flight plans, type and capabilities of air vehicle(s)
operated and operator's contact information no later than 24 hours prior to operations.

    Be conducted using sUAS as defiried by the FAA weighing less than 55 lbs. All
operations authorized through this exemption request will be done with our Raptor and/or
Tarot with all future aircraft presented to FAA for approval prior to operational use.

    Be conducted in Class G and ·o~casionally E airspace and shall not exceed 400 feet
above ground level (AGL).
         Be conducted within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the qualified OIC and Co-·
              Operator/Observers.

         Give right-of-way to and avoid flying near manned aircraft at all times.

         Be conducted in rural environments and outside of city limits.

         Be conducted with prior written consent from landowner.

         Ensure air vehicles do not encroach within 250 feet of any improved road, person,
         vehicle or structure that is not associated with operations.

         Abort/Cancel in the event of detrimental weather to include wind speeds exceeding the
         allowable limits as defmed within operations manuals.

FlightWink LLC's Emergency Procedures:
                    · lri the event the air vehicle losses GPS signal~ automated landing will
                         immediately commence. The flight plan is built in such a way that hazards are
                         identified prior to launch and an immediate landing within the flight plan will
                        ensure all hazards are avoided. (This safety feature is inherent to sUAS and
                        no further assistance from the 0/C is necessary; however, the 0/C will
                        retain option for manual control at all times.)
                    · In the event the OIC loses signal with the air vehicle, automated landing will
                         immediately commence._The flight plan is built in such a way that hazards are
                         identified prior to launch and an immediate landing within the flight plan \\~II
                        ensure all hazards are avoided. (This safety feature is inherent to the sUAS
                        and with operations being conducted in the rural environment as previously
                        stated, there are no concerns to personnel, vehicles or structures with an
                        autonomous landing.)
                    · In the event hazardous weather unexpectedly approaches and may affect
                         operations, the OIC will immediately abort the operation and conduct landing
                         activities.

                 · In the event an in:-flight emergency occurs, (ie. air vehicle maintenance

                         issues), the OIC will immediately abort flight and conduct landing activities;
                         air vehicle inspection will immediately be achieved and the air vehicle will
                         not return to service without proper authorization from certified maintenance
                         technicians.

                 · In a "significant" event (ie. air vehicle crashes and outside assistance is

                         needed), OIC will conduct notification procedures to include county sheriff
                         and fire departments, airfield operator/tower if applicable and any other
                         authority required to mitigate situation.

                             o A "significant" event report will be generated by the OIC, verified by
                                  the Co/Observer and maintenance technician and immediately
                                  provided to the OIC and FlightWink LLC management.

                                                   NOTE: Notification can be made to the FAA to assist in future prevention
                                                                                            techniques
As stated in the cover letter, FlightWink LLC, by following our many strict self-imposed
guidelines, will achieve a safety level greater than that directed by the rules from which we seek
exemption. T h i s w i II b e especially true when you compare the same operating ·
procedures against a manned aircraft. Again, sUAS are inherently safer due to the fact that they
are much smaller, fly at much lower speeds with no human operators on board, and there is zero
fuel to be concerned with in the event of a crash. As processes are further refined, FlightWink
LLC's continued extremely conscientious operations will only add to an already higher level of
safety compared to manned flight. FlightWink LLC's operations will serve the public's best ·
interests as they relate to the FAA's endeavor to integrate VAS i.nto the NAS.

Re~latiOns- Exemption Requested by FlightWink LLC;

Pursuant to 14 C.FR. § 11.81(e), FlightWink LLC seeks exemption from the below mentioned
regulations and provides reason as to why the exemption should be approved based on the level
of safety at least equal to that of which the rules require·.

     · 14 C.FR. Part 21 Subpart H- Ainvorthiness Certificates:

                 -~ Establishes: The procedural requirements for the issuance of ainvorthiness certificates as
                        required by 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(l)

Given the small size of the UAS, the limited operating areas and meticulous procedures defined
within the training and operations section, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the "Reform
Act" with consideration "of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to
airports and populated areas of the particular UAS."

               NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and an
               exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvalsfor Blue Chip, Astraeus Aerial,
               Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, Snapro/1 Media, and Pictorvision.
· 14 CF.R. § 45.23(b)- Aircraft Marking and Identification Requirements:

>- 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

              When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is

              displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or

              provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near

              each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor

              more than 6 inches high, the words "limited, " "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental, "

              or ''provisional," as applicable.             ·

Flight\yink LLC will ensure compliance with§ 45.29(/) to meenhe intent of the                       .

regulation by placing the word "Experimental," for all to see, on each craft plus a unique

·FlightWink LLC identification number in the event several craft of the identical like and

type are acquired.

       NOTE: The FAA has set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and an exemption
       should be approved on this basis along with previous exemptions: Nos. 10700, 10167 and 10167A. Also,
       see most recent exemption approvalsfor Blue Chip, Astraeus Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions,
       RC Pro Productions, Snapro/1 Media, and Pictorvisionforforther justification ofapproval.

· 14 CF.R. 61.113 (a)(b) and 61.133(a)(l)(ii)- Private a~d Commercial Pilot Privilege
    and Limitations:

       ~- 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: "(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (g) of this section, no·
            person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is
             carrying passengers or propertyfor compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation·
             or hire, act as pilot in command ofan aircraft. (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire,

          act as pilot in command ofan aircraft in connection with any business or employment if

     >- 14 C.F.R. § 61.133: (a) Privileges - (1) General. A person who holds a commercia~ pilot

             certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft- (ii) ·For compensation or hire, provided
             ihe person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the applicable parts ofthis chapter
             that apply to the operation.

 Currently, there are no applicable areas identified for sUAS in either the private or
 commercial sector and therefore an exemption is required to conduct commercial
 operations. As flight operations Will be conducted in a restricted environment as
 described in the operations section, these strict guidelines will achieve an equivalent level
 of safety for. each individual flight especially when compared to commercial flights
 identified in Part 61 when originally developed.. In addition, each craft's primary
 control system will utilize GPS waypoints for guidance and control, FlightWink LLC's
 flight operations will be conducted by qualified 0 perators with ground school
 certification, a Class III medical, and a VSO Operator's Certification.

NOTE: Operators may or may not hold a private pilot license.

Due to the fact not all operators will be rated pilots, all flight operations will be overseen

and directed by, DeWitt M. Harkness, a current FAA certified private pilot with

current  FAA  ground  school  certification.. a current Class 3 medical,  and  holding a

              ~

current VSO Operator's certification from the Unmanned Safety Institute. This wi!I give

all FlightWink LLC's operations an equivalent level of safety.
· 14 C.F.R. 91. l(a)- Civil Aircraft Ainvorthiness:

        > States: No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

    Currently there is no airworthiness certificate for either of the craft. FlightWink LLC
    will submit same to the FAA as soon as the manufacturer's supply one. In the interim,
    daily pre and post flight inspections will be accomplished in accordance with
    manufactures maintenance martual(s) and guidance. During flight, the OIC will adhere
    to§ 9I. 7(b) and abort air operations immediately upon identification of an in flight
    emergency. A II ·maintenance performed will be conducted by our maintenance
    technicians and/or by the manufacturer's themselves. By applying the prescribed
    operations, inspection, and maintenance procedures within the operations section, an
    equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

                          ..
       NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91.7(a): Exemption Nos. 8607,
       8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, /0167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. Also, see most recent

           exemption approvals for Blue Chip, Astraeus Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro
                 Productions, Snaproll Media and Pictorvisionforforther justification ofapproval.

· I4 C.F.R. 9I.I03-PreflightAction:
        > States: Each pilot in command shall, before beginning a flight, becomefamiliar with all available

                 information concerning thatflight. This information must include- (paragraphs a, b, I and 2)

    A "Pre-flight Mission" brief must be attended by all crewrnembers. This "PMB"
    will contain weather and all flight information including emergency and abort
    procedures. A signature will be required by all crew members indicating they have
    received the PMB and have read any NOTAMs or other procedural updates which
    may have an impact on standard operating procedures. In addition, the OIC will
    verify the craft is ready for flight by coordinating with the maintenance technician
    during pre-flight inspection.

    The exemption requested for this section is specifically addressed toward the
    requirements that do. not apply to sUAS operations such as runways and air traffic
    control integration.

                   NOTE: As previously stated, air traffic. control and airport operator will be notifiedprior to any
                   operations being executed within[lve statute miles

                   NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
                   an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvalsfor Blue Chip, Astraeus
                   Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, Snaproll Media, and
                   Pictorvision.

· I 4 C.F.R. 9 I. I09(a) ._ FlightJnstruction:

       > States: No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a mannedfree balloon) that is being used

                for flight instruction unless that aircraft hasfolly fUnctioning dual controls.

    The majority of sUAS by design are developed with single operational control through
    the use of pre-determined GPS enabled waypoints programmed before or during flight in
    addition to. the use of a single hand held transmitter or control station controlled by the
OIC. The design does not allow for dual controls during flight training and therefore
the exemption is requested to qualify/certify operators as required by the manufacturer
along with specific operations training and proce~ures identified above within section II.·

    An equivalent level of safety will be ensured during training operations by utilizing the
    same flight planning process for normal operations. As identified in the flight-
    planning document, all ground hazards will be identified and mitigation· techniques will
    be enacted to ensure flights stay outside of 250 feet of any improved roads; ·
    vehicles,_ persons or structures. Training operations will be conducted within a
    confined space-on our 160-acre private land ·in rural Wabaunsee County, Kansas.

                  NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91.1 09(a): Exemption
                  Nos. 5778K and 9862A. Also, see most recent exemption approvals for Blue Chip, Astraeus
                  Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, ·Snapro/1 Media, and
                  PictorvisionforfUrther justification ofapproval.

· 14 C:F.R. 91.119 (c)- Minimum Safe Altitudes:

           );> States: Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below
                 the following altitudes: (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 400 feet above the
                 surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not
                 be operated closer than 400feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

    FlightWink LLC operations will be conducted at 400 feet AGL or below in uncontrolled
    Class G and occasionally. E airspace. As sUAS are inherently safet tha,n traditional
    aircraft d~e to their small size, light weight, battery operated vice fuel and no human on-
    board; FlightWink LLC will not operate within 250 feet to any improved roads,
    vehicles persons or structures (other than those being inspected as part of the flight
  · operation). In addition, objects/hazards will be identified and geo-located prior to
    flight.

                                                 NOTE: See Flight Planning Document

· 14 C.F.R. 91.121- Altimeter Settings:  .

);> States: Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of

that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating...

SUAS are equipped with Global Positioning System (GPS), which provide altitude
and geo-location data to the operator. Due to this fact, an exemption is required for
this system to be utilized in flight. GPS's are precise within a few feet and therefore
meet a safety level equal to if _not higher than regulatory guidance.

As described in the emergency procedures section, in the event the air vehicle losses GPS
signal, automated landing will immediately commence. The flight plan is built in such a
way that hazards are identified prior to launch and an immediate landing within the flight
plan will ensure all hazards are avoided.

                                         - - - -~---- - - - - - - - - -
NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and

an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvalsfor Blue Chip,

Astraeus Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, Snaproll Media,

and Pictorvision.  ·

· 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)- Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions:

           ~ States: No person may begin a flight in ·an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
               . wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
                landing and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for atleast30
                minutes;

   aThis regulation is written based on the capabilities of traditional aircraft which have

    flight times of several hours or greater. Since our crafts have flight times of only an
    hour. or less, this regulation would effectiv~ly deny the ability of the air vehicle to
    oper_ate.

Using our Cessna 172 as an example, approximately 8% remaining fuel is required to
meet the 30-minute flight time. To meet this regulation's intent, FlightWink LLC will
operate its air vehjcles to no less than 10% remaining battery power to ensure safe
landing and retrieval. This 10% buffer is greater than the Cessna 172. Our ability to
quickly and safely land our crafts in non-traditional environments ensures at least an
equal level of safety.

NOTE: The FAA has set precedent by previously issuing exemptions for§ 91.151 (a): Exemption

Nos. 10673, 2689F, 5745, 10673 and 10808. Also, see most recent exemption approvalsfor Blue·

RCChip, Astraeus Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, Pro Productions, Snapro/1 Media and

Pictorvisionforfurtherjustification ofapproval.  ·.

· 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) & (b)- Maintenance

    Inspections:

           ~ 91.405(a) States: Each owner or operator ofan aircraft-(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as
                prescribed in subpart E ofthis part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
                paragraph (c) ofthis section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 ofthis chapter.

           ~ 9/.407(a)(l) States: (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
                preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless-(/) It has been approvedfor return to
                service by a person authorized under§ 43.7 ofthis chapter.

~ 91.409(a)(2) States: (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may
     operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had-(2) An inspection .
     for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. No
     inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may be substituted for any inspection
     required by this paragraph unless it is performed by a· person authorized to perform annual
     inspections and is entered as an ''annual'' inspection in the required maintenance records.

~ 91.417(a) & (b) States:(a) Except for work performed in accordance with§§ 91.411 and 91.413,
     each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in
     paragraph (b) ofthis section: (paragraphs I (i- iii), 2 (i- vi)); (b) The owner or operator shall
     retain the following records for the periods prescribed: (paragraphs I - 3).
Due to the fact our crafts at present do not have an airworthiness certificates, these

regulations do not apply and therefore an exemption is required. Pre/Post and

routine inspections ·(not to exceed 50 flight hours) and maintenance will be conducted in

accordance with the manufacturer's guidance as stated in the operations manual. In

addition, to meet the intent of these regulations, FlightWink LLC, will maintain daily logs

of pre and post flight inspections and have maintenance performed by certified

technicians and/or the manufacturer themselves. In the event maintenance is

required, certified technicians will verify the air vehicle is in flight readiness status prior

to .releasing to OIC for use in operation.s.  ·

Unscheduled maintenance will be accomplished in the event of a mechanical or structural

failure during flight. Upon completion of unscheduled maintenance, documentation

will be provided to the OIC to sign off and verify that the air vehicle is once again ready

for flight and accept the level of risk associated with returning the air vehicle to flight

status. · At no time will there be changes made to any craft that would impact the

structurai integrity of the airframe without the. manufacturer making such changes

and verifying the craft is airworthy.            ·

All inspection and maintenance will be documented and maintained in-house. These
actions will meet the intent of the regulation exemption is being requested and lead to an
equivalent level of safety.

NOTE: The FAA has recently set precedence to this regulation within like given parameters and
an exemption should be approved on this basis. See exemption approvals for Blue Chip,
Astraeus Aerial, Aerial MOB, HeliVideo Productions, RC Pro Productions, Snapro/1 Media and
Pictorvision.

Public Interest:

 The public's best interest is achieved by the safe integration of UAS into the NAS. With the
 ongoing exemption process, the FAA has to identify those exemption requests with the public's
 best interest in mind and select the companies who· will be able to achieve this in a safe and
 responsible manner.
 Two of the main problems the public has with UAS are the fear of what they will be used for
 and whether or not they are safe to fly within the same airspace as commercial airliners.

FlightWink LLC is more than willing to help with public education and that starts with
conducting operations within strict operating environmentS and then providing the results to the
public to start to sway opinion in a positive light.

With the U A V experience this team has built over the past year and one half, the FAA will
provide a great service to the American public by approving FlightWink LLC's exemption ·
request.

FlightWink LLC will provide any additional information. requested and will diligently work
with to make this approval a reality as it is in the best interests of and safety of the public as
directed by Congress.
Privacy Concerns;

 Another concern the. public has with the integration of UAS into the NAS is privacy and
 spying especially recently with the disclosure of the NSA's communication programs.

 The media has also placed a negative light on UAS when it comes to privacy by showing how
 the military has used this techn.ology to conduct comb.at operations through the use of the
 visual and infrared sensors they carry.

 Fortunately with this matter, FlightWink LLC is well versed in the privacy and oversight
 concerns which are addressed by federal government regulations: Executive Order 12333, DOD
 Directive 5240.1-R and AFI 14-104. Although the regulations do not apply to private
 c_ommercial entities, our knowledge and experience in working within these regulations will
 assist and ensure any and all privacy concerns will be minimal and immediately mitigated.

 In addition, the most efficient and successful avenue to combat these concerns is to educate the
 public in how UAS technology will be used to exponentially improve all of otir lives and place
 emphasize on how we should embrace the technology instead of fearing it.

 With this constantly in mind, FlightWink LLC will look at actions we can take to move
 forward with this endeavor and assist the FAA and all UAS employment companies as a
 whole to better public perception and create a cohesive environment we all can operate in
 safely.-

FAA Collaboration:

 FlightWink LLC is and will always be committed to the safe integration of UAS into the
 NAS and will provide any requested information on its flight operations to the FAA to
 assist in the rules making process.

 As stated in the operations· section, post flight logs will be required to be completed to
 produce monthly flight summaries which will include both positive and negative reporting
 placing emphasize on any issues which may arise during any segment of the operations.
Federal Register:

 Pursuant to Section 333 ofPL 112-95 commonly known as the "FAA Modernization and Reform
 Act of 20 12" or "The Reform Act", FlightWink LLC hereby applies for authorization to conduct
 commercial unmanned aerial systems (UAS) operations for the agriculture, oil and gas, aerial
 photography and wildlife preservation industries, within the United States National Airspace
 System (NAS); within Class G and occasionally·E airspace.

 Rules from which FlightWink LLC seeks exemption:

      · 14 C.P.R. Part 21·subpart H
      · 14C.F.R.§91.7(a)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 45.23(b)
      · 14 C.P.R. §.61.113 and 61.133(a)(l)(i_i)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91. l(a)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.103
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.109(a)-
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.119
      · 14 C. F. R. § 91.121
      · 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.405(a)
      · 14 c_.FR. § 9~.407(a)(1)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.409(a)(2)
      · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.417(a) & (b)

 Throughout this exemption request, FlightWink LLC has shown how our expertise and
 knowledge witJ:l UAS safety and technology will ensure the public's best interest is always
 strictly adhered to. We wi 11 assist the FAA with their charge to "safo/y accelerate the
 integration ofcivil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system" as directed
· by Cong~ess.

 We have also shown how the approval of our request will meet and exceed the FAA's
 requirement for. "at least an equivalent/eve/ ofsafoty" from the regulations we seek exemption.

 At each level through process refinement, FlightWink LLC, will.capture and document the best
 practices to develop proven tactics, techniques, and procedures for each and every UAS
 operation. .

                                                                        ..

 When it comes to· the public and what is in their best interest, yo·u will be hard pressed to find a
 tearri more qualified for an exemption under Section 333 than FlightWink LLC.

 It will be a great service to the country and in ·the ''public's best interest" to include our
 team in the UAS integration endeavor.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    -· ~- ~~-                          '·

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             h ·.

\~~l~·-. ;~~')_,A/1~~,  UNMANNED SAFETY INSTITUTEtM

                        VISUAL LINE OF SIGI-IT OPERATOI~·t·M                                                                                                                                                                                        ;~

                         DeWitt M. Harkness Jr.                                                                                                                                                                         ,'.r;~1~ .  I'.     :,        f

                         Nos successjidly completed t11/ N#JU/rem(~nls and Is hr.1rby c/(~slgnolct.l                                                                                                                     /          ·I ,\  : ,;       I'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      !·
                         by the Umnal'med Saji~ty .lnstllute'1'M as a J'llsual Llnr~·ofsi~Jhl                                                                                                                          i :~<                :l'f     I

                         Opera/or 'I'M on this the 2'"1day of.lr:muttry 20 1.5.                                                                                                                                        !                     il     ·.,· i
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ,I
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       !                                 i\

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \· -t
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            \

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ·,·r
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               1.-

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           i.' .

                          ~~m/c,. Mlrot                                                                                                                                                      I $..4/Ji~OO-l 00.,432S8                               I

                        President
                        Unmtm1wd So.foty lnstllute'I'M

                        ,~-~---!~':..-:,:~.':':'""  .".:·~-...;.-.,._-:.-.--:::  -, :,--:-;,';.~ -::;:--:: ~ ,-.~~"';1_ _r;-_:;.~·.-:::'"~ ···,~;';'.:-~  _;·.".:-~:-· -~---.::~--"~...:..,  ·-;.                                                   .. <

C()                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I
(X)
