September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12989
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2778

Mr. Chandler Motley
Forensic Analysis & Engineering Corporation
2503 58th Street
Hampton, VA 23661

Dear Mr. Motley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Forensic Analysis & Engineering Corporation (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography of inspection sites.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Forensic Analysis & Engineering Corporation is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Forensic Analysis & Engineering Corporation is hereafter referred
to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         -District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The
         3-day notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of
         activities must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
                                    8

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
                                                                                                                                   1 | 23 

                                                           SUMMARY 
Forensic Analysis & Engineering seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.23(a) and 

    (c),  61.101(e)(4)  and  (5),  61.113(a),  61.315(c)(2)  &  (3),  91.7(a),  91.119(a),  91.121,  91.151(b), 
    91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a),  91.417(a)  and  (b),  to  operate  an Unmanned Aircraft System 
    pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption 
    will  permit  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  to  operate  an  UAS  for  the  commercial  purpose  of 
    conducting aerial video and photography of inspection sites over certain areas of the United States.  
 

                                        INTRODUCTION OF THE PETITIONER 
 
Forensic Analysis & Engineering provides its clients with information about how an accident happened. 

    The  objective  of  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  is  to  provide  the  best  and  most  effective 
    inspection. 
 

                                                        BACKGROUND 
                              Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 3 Professional 
 
Forensic Analysis & Engineering seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire 
    within the NAS. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional is a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned 
    Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smart phone systems 
    in tandem with its own dedicated remote system. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional has a maximum 
    gross weight of 2 pounds 13 ounces with a diagonal size of 23.3 inches and a maximum speed of 
    approximately 31 knots. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional is equipped with four main rotors driven by 
    a 6000mAh LiPo 2S powered electric motors and a Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" for image capture. 
 
The  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  that  will  be  operated  by  Forensic Analysis  & Engineering  will  be 
    registered  in  accordance  with  49  U.S.C.  44103,  as  well  as  14  C.F.R.  Part  47,  and  marked  in 
    accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45. 
 

                                                   BASIS FOR PETITION 
 
Petitioner,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering,  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  Federal  Aviation 

    Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Section 
    333,  hereby  petitions  the Administrator  to  commercially operate the  DJI  Phantom  3 Professional 
    UAS in the  National Airspace  System (NAS), and  for  an exemption from the requirements of  14 
    C.F.R  §§  61.23(a)  &  (c),  61.101(e)(4)  &  (5),  61.113(a),  61.315(a),  91.7(a),  91.119(a),  91.121, 
    91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a), and 91.417(a) & (b). 
 
In consideration  of the speed, weight, size, and limited operation area associated with the unmanned 
    aircraft  and  its  operation,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering's  operation  of  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional meets  the  conditions of FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 
    333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 
    Subpart  H.  Accordingly,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  requests  relief  from  §§  91.405(a) 
    91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1) &  (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for 
    maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. 
 
Forensic Analysis & Engineering submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of 
    safety  will  be  ensured.  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  use  experienced  personnel  or 

                                                                                                                                   1 | 23 
                                                                                                                                   2 | 23 

    technicians  to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the 
    methods,  techniques,  and  practices  prescribed  in  the  operating  documents  (i.e.,  Monthly 
    Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  Instruction  Manual).  Furthermore,  Forensic 
    Analysis & Engineering will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 
    Professional UAS.  
 
Relief  from  certain  requirements  of  §  61.23(a) &  (c)  entitled  Medical  certificates: Requirement and 
    duration,  is  requested  by  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  to  operate  the  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional without an  issued medical certificate. Forensic Analysis & Engineering will require all 
    pilots to have an annual physical to ensure the pilot is fit to command. 
 
Relief from § 61.101(e)(4) & (5), 61.113(a), and 61.315(c)(2) & (3) entitled Recreational pilot privileges 
    and  limitations,  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command,  and  What  are  the 
    privileges and limits of my sport pilot certificate? respectively, is requested by Forensic Analysis & 
    Engineering  to  the  extent necessary  to allow  a PIC  holding  a  recreational,  private, or  sport  pilot 
    certificate,  as  well  as  a  state Driver's license, and  who  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  minimum 
    flighthour  and  currency  requirements, that the PIC  is able  to  safely  operate  the  DJI Phantom 3 
    Professional  UAS  in  a manner consistent  with  this exemption,  including  evasive and  emergency 
    maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  people, vessels, vehicles,  and  structures 
    where necessary.  
 
Relief  from  §  91.7(a),  entitled  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness,  because  the DJI  Phantom  3  Professional 
    UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. 
    As  such,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering submits  the  they  will  ensure that  the DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in 
    compliance  with  the  operating  documents  (i.e.  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight. 
 
Relief  from  §  91.119(c),  entitled  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General,  because  Forensic  Analysis  & 
    Engineering intends to use the DJI Phantom 3 Professional to collect aerial video and photographs 
    of  buildings  and  structures  involved  in  an  investigation.  Outside  of  structures  involved  in  an 
    investigation, Forensic Analysis  & Engineering will maintain safe distance from structures, people, 
    vessels, and vehicles. 
 
Relief from § 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA will not have a 
    typical  barometric  altimeter  onboard.  However,  altitude  information  of  the  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional UA will be provided to the PIC via GPS equipment and radio communications telemetry 
    data  link,  which downlinks from the UA to the Ground Control System for active monitoring of the 
    flight path. This altitude information, combined with Forensic Analysis & Engineering's operation of 
    the DJI Phantom 3 Professional within VLS at or below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety 
    equivalent to § 91.121. 
 
Relief  from  §  91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements  for flight in VFR conditions. Forensic Analysis & 
    Engineering submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional 
    UA during daylight visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under VFR, with enough battery power to 
    fly  for  a  total  duration  of  approximately  13  minutes  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and  , 
    assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes. 
 

                                                                                                                                   2 | 23 
                                                                                                                                         3 | 23 

      In  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  §  11.81,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  provides  the  following 
           information in support of its petition for exemption: 

       
     A. Name and address Of The Petitioner. 
 
      The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is: 
       
      Forensic Analysis & Engineering Corporation 
      Chandler Motley 
      2503 58th Street 
      Hampton, VA 23661 
      757.265.9333 ext. 106 
      cmotley@forensicanalysis.com 
       
     B. The  Specific  §§  of  14  C.F.R.  From  Which  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks 

          Exemption. 
 

                1. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 
                     61.23(a) & (c). 

 
          § 61.23, entitled Medical certificates: Requirement and duration, subsections (a) and (c) prescribe 
           the following 
                (a) Operations requiring a medical certificate. Except as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) of 
                this section, a person-- 
                   (1) Must hold a firstclass medical certificate: 
                         (i) When exercising the pilotincommand privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate 
                         (ii)  When  exercising  the  secondincommand  privileges  of  an  airline  transport  pilot 
                         certificate  in  a  flag  or  supplemental operation  in  part 121  of  this  chapter that  requires 
                         three or more pilots or 
                         (iii) When serving as a required pilot flightcrew member in an operation conducted under 
                         part 121 of this chapter if the pilot has reached his or her 60th birthday. 
                   (2) Must hold at least a second class medical certificate when exercising: 
                         (i) Secondincommand privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate in part 121 of this 
                         chapter (other than operations specified in paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of this section) or 
                         (ii) Privileges of a commercial pilot certificate or 
                   (3) Must hold at least a thirdclass medical certificate-- 
                         (i) When exercising the privileges of a private pilot certificate 
                         (ii) When exercising the privileges of a recreational pilot certificate 
                         (iii) When exercising the privileges of a student pilot certificate 
                         (iv) When exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate and acting as the pilot in 
                         command 
                         (v)  When  exercising  the  privileges  of  a  flight  instructor  certificate  and  serving  as  a 
                         required pilot flight crewmember 
                         (vi)  When  taking  a  practical  test  in  an  aircraft  for  a  recreational  pilot,  private  pilot, 
                         commercial pilot, or airline transport pilot certificate, or for a flight instructor certificate or 
                         (vii)  When  performing  the  duties  as  an  Examiner  in  an  aircraft  when  administering a 
                         practical test or proficiency check for an airman certificate, rating, or authorization. 
                (c) Operations requiring either a medical certificate or U.S. driver's license.  

                                                                                                                                         3 | 23 
                                                                                                                              4 | 23 

        (1) A person must hold and possess either a medical certificate issued under part 67 of this 
        chapter or a U.S. driver's license when-- 

             (i) Exercising the privileges of a student pilot certificate while seeking sport pilot privileges 
             in a lightsport aircraft other than a glider or balloon 
             (ii) Exercising the privileges of a sport pilot certificate in a lightsport aircraft other than a 
             glider or balloon 
             (iii)  Exercising the privileges of a flight instructor certificate with a sport pilot rating while 
             acting as  pilot  in  command  or  serving  as a required flight  crewmember  of a lightsport 
             aircraft other than a glider or balloon or 
             (iv) Serving as an Examiner and administering a practical test for the issuance of a sport 
             pilot certificate in a lightsport aircraft other than a glider or balloon. 
        (2) A person using a U.S. driver's license to meet the requirements of this paragraph must-- 
             (i)  Comply  with  each  restriction  and  limitation  imposed  by  that  person's  U.S.  driver's 
             license  and  any  judicial  or  administrative  order  applying  to  the  operation  of  a  motor 
             vehicle 
             (ii)  Have  been  found  eligible  for  the  issuance  of  at  least  a thirdclass airman medical 
             certificate at the time of his or her most recent application (if the person has applied for a 
             medical certificate) 
             (iii)  Not have had  his  or her  most recently  issued medical  certificate (if the person has 
             held  a  medical  certificate)  suspended  or  revoked  or  most  recent  Authorization  for  a 
             Special Issuance of a Medical Certificate withdrawn and 
             (iv)  Not  know  or  have  reason  to  know  of  any  medical condition  that would make  that 
             person unable to operate a lightsport aircraft in a safe manner. 
 
     2. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 
          61.101(e)(4) & (5). 
 
§  61.101,  entitled  Recreational  pilot  privileges  and  limitations,  subsection  (e)(4)  states  the 
following: 
     (e) Except as provided in paragraphs (d) and (i) of this section, a recreational pilot may not act 
     as pilot in command of an aircraft-- 
        (4) For compensation or hire 
        (5) In furtherance of a business 
      
     3. Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of § (5), 
          61.113(a). 
 
§  61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, subsection (a) states 
the following: 
     (a) Except as  provided  in  paragraphs  (b)  through  (h)  of this  section, no  person  who holds a 
     private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or 
     property for compensation or hire nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in 
     command of an aircraft. 
      
     4. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 
          61.315(c)(2) & (3). 
 

                                                                                                                              4 | 23 
                                                                                                                                  5 | 23 

   § 61.315, entitled What are the privileges and limit of my sport pilot certificate?, subsection (c)(2) & 
    (3) states the following: 

         (c) You may not act as pilot in command of a lightsport aircraft: 
            (2) For compensation or hire. 
            (3) In furtherance of a business. 
             

         5. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 
               91.7(a). 

     
   § 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft worthiness, subsection (a), states that: 

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition. 
          
         6. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.119(c). 
     
   § 91.119, entitled Minimum safe altitudes: General, subsection (c) states that: 
Except when necessary  for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following 
altitudes: 

         (c)  Over  other  than  congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over 
         open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer 
         than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. 
          
         7. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.121. 
     
   § 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, subsection (a)(1) states the following, in part: 

         (a) Each person  operating  an  aircraft shall  maintain the cruising  altitude or flight level of that 
         aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating-- 

            (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to-- 
                  (i)  The  current  reported  altimeter  setting  of  a  station  along  the  route  and  within 100 
                  nautical miles of the aircraft 
                  (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the 
                  current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station or 
                  (iii)  In  the  case of an  aircraft not equipped  with  a radio,  the  elevation  of the departure 
                  airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure. 

     
         8. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 
               91.151(b). 

     
   §  91.151,  entitled  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions,  subsection  (b),  states  the 
    following: 

         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind 
         and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing 
         and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes. 
          
         9. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.405(a). 
     

                                                                                                                                  5 | 23 
                                                                                                                                   6 | 23 

    § 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a) states: 
Each owner or operator of an aircraft-- 

          (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between 
          required inspections,  except as  provided  in  paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies 
          repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. 
     
         10. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.407(a)(1). 
     
    § 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, 
    subsection (a)(1), states the following: 

          (a)  No  person  may  operate  any  aircraft  that  has  undergone  maintenance,  preventive 
          maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless-- 

            (1)  It  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized under  §43.7 of  this 
            chapter. 
     
         11. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.409(a). 
     
    § 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following: 

          (a)  Except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  no  person may  operate an  aircraft 
          unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had-- 

            (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for 
            return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter or 
            (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of 
            this chapter. 
     
         12. Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Exemption  From The Requirement  Of § 

               91.417(a) & (b). 
     
    § 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) & (b), state the following:  

          (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner 
          or operator  shall keep the  following records for  the  periods specified  in  paragraph (b) of this 
          section: 

            (1) Records  of  the  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance, and alteration and records of the 
            100hour, annual,  progressive,  and other  required  or approved inspections, as appropriate, 
            for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an 
            aircraft. The records must include-- 

                  (i)  A  description  (or  reference  to  data  acceptable  to  the  Administrator)  of  the  work 
                  performed and 
                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed and 
                  (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to 
                  service. 
            (2) Records containing the following information: 
                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor. 
                  (ii)  The current  status  of lifelimited  parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and 
                  appliance. 

                                                                                                                                   6 | 23 
                                                                                                                                         7 | 23 

                         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to 
                         be overhauled on a specified time basis. 
                         (iv)  The  current  inspection  status  of  the  aircraft,  including  the  time  since  the  last 
                         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances 
                         are maintained. 
                         (v)  The  current  status of applicable  airworthiness directives (AD)  and  safety directives 
                         including,  for  each, the  method  of  compliance, the AD or  safety  directive  number  and 
                         revision date. If  the  AD  or safety  directive involves recurring  action,  the  time and date 
                         when the next action is required. 
                         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to 
                         the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances. 
                (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed: 
                   (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is 
                   repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed. 
                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred 
                   with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold. 
                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §43.11 of this chapter 
                   shall  be  retained  until  the  defects  are  repaired  and  the  aircraft  is  approved  for  return to 
                   service. 
            
     C. The  Extent  Of  Relief Forensic  Analysis & Engineering Seeks  And The Reason Forensic 
          Analysis & Engineering Seeks The Relief. 
 
                1. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
                     Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From § 61.23(a) & (c). 
           
      Relief  from  §  61.23(a),  entitled  Medical  certificates: Requirement  and  duration,  is requested  to  the 
           extent  necessary  to  allow  a  PIC,  with  a  current  physical  from  an  approved  practitioner  but  no 
           medical certificate, to pilot the DJI Phantom 3 Professional. 
            
      The  limitations  of  §  61.23(a) sets forth the level  of  medical  certificate one needs in order to pilot an 
           aircraft. However, because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional does not require a physical pilot inside 
           the vessel and because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional can be programmed to safely return, within 
           the same limitations the PIC would be required to follow, to the GCS and land in the event of loss of 
           range or other emergencies a current physical will maintain a similar level of safety as the medical 
           certificate would. Forensic Analysis & Engineering requests that a current physical and valid driver's 
           license meet the safety requirements of this section. 
            
                2. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
                     Analysis  &  Engineering  Seeks  Relief  From  §  61.101(e)(4)  &  (5),  61.113(a),  And 
                     61.315(a). 
           
      Relief from §§ 61.101(e)(4) & (5), 61.113(a), and 61.315(a), entitled Recreational pilot privileges and 
          limitations, Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, and What are the privileges 
          and limits of my sport pilot certificate?, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding 
           a  recreational,  private,  or  sport  pilot  certificate  as  well  as  a  valid  driver's  license  and  current 
           physical, and who has met certain flighthour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed 
           UAS flight operations for compensation or hire. 

                                                                                                                                         7 | 23 
                                                                                                                                         8 | 23 

       
      This relief is requested since the limitations set forth state that private, recreation, or sport pilots may, 

           for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: 
           (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment and (2) The aircraft does not carry 
           passengers or property for compensation or hire. 
       
      As  set  forth  more  fully  below,  Forensic Analysis  & Engineering  submits  that an  equivalent  level  of 
           safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional 
           UAS unless that PIC has met certain flighthour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the 
           PIC is able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom 3 Professional in a manner consistent with the 
           operations  specifications  as  described  in  this  exemption,  including  evasive  and  emergency 
           maneuvers,  as  well  as  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  people,  vessels,  vehicles,  and 
           structures that are not part of an investigation. 
       
      Further, Forensic  Analysis &  Engineering submits that  all  flights  of  the  DJI Phantom 3  Professional 
           conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to Forensic Analysis 
           & Engineering's business and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. 
 

                3. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
                     Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From § 91.7(a). 

           
      Relief  from  §  91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft  airworthiness, is requested to the extent required to allow 

           Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  to  determine  that  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  is  in 
           airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating 
           documents (i.e. Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional Instruction Manual). 
       
      Forensic Analysis  & Engineering seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional 
           UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 21, Subpart H. 
           Therefore, Forensic Analysis & Engineering will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS is 
           in  airworthy  condition  based  upon  compliance  with  the  operation  documents  (i.e.  Monthly 
           Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional Instruction Manual) prior to every  flight,  and 
           further,  determine  that  the  aircraft  is  in  condition  for  safe flight, as stated  in  the  conditions and 
           limitations below. 
            

                4. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
                     Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From § 91.119(c). 

           
      Relief from § 91.119(c), entitled Minimum safe altitudes: General, will be necessary in order to conduct 

           various investigations. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional would need to get close vessels, vehicles, 
           and  structures involved  in the investigation in order  to  capture clear photographs of the inspection 
           site.  
       
      Specifically, the §  limits getting within 500 feet  of  any  person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Forensic 
           Analysis & Engineering requests relief from this limit against vessels, vehicles, and structures only 
           when part of an active investigation with the property owner's previous permission. Considering the 
           hovering capabilities  of  the  DJI Phantom 3 Professional,  which  is ± 0.1 m vertically (when Vision 
           Positioning is activated) and ± 1.5 m horizontally, a safer than 500 feet distance can be maintained. 
       

                                                                                                                                         8 | 23 
                                                                                                                                  9 | 23 

Furthermore, Forensic Analysis & Engineering will incorporate a second remote system so that the VO 
    or a third  participant  can  operate  the  photography  will the PIC can verify that the DJI Phantom 3 
    Professional is maintaining a safe distance from the structure, vehicle, or vessel. 
     
         5. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
               Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From § 91.121. 
     

Relief  from  § 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight operations of the DJI 
    Phantom  3  Professional UAS,  which  utilize  barometric  pressure sensor,  GPS equipment,  and a 
    radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at 
    the  ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning 
    UAS operations  be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), Forensic 
    Analysis  &  Engineering  seeks  the  requested  relief because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA's 
    altimeter may  be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or 
    field altitude, before each flight. 

 
Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief is sought to the extent necessary to 

    comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below, As more fully set forth herein, an 
    equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA is equipped 
    with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground 
    level  pressure  setting will be  established prior to each  flight,  and provides that PIC  with  altitude 
    information of the UA on the heads up display of the GCS. 
 

         6. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
               Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From § 91.151(b). 

     
Relief  from section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested to 

    the  extent  required  to  allow flights of  the battery  powered  DJI Phantom  Professional  UA  during 
    daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions, under visual flight rules, for a total duration of 13 
    minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that 
    for at least 5 minutes. Forensic Analysis & Engineering seeks the requested relief because without 
    an  exemption  from  this rule will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still photo 
    flight operations that Forensic Analysis & Engineering proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition. 
 
Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS the 
    operation documents, and Forensic Analysis & Engineering's proposed operating limitations, ensure 
    that  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  safely  operate  the  battery  powered  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional  UA during daylight hours in  visual  meteorological conditions,  under  visual flight rules, 
    with  enough  battery  power  to  fly  for a total  duration  of  13 minutes  to  the  first  point  of  intended 
    landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes. 
     

         7. Extent Of Relief Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks And The Reason Forensic 
               Analysis & Engineering Seeks Relief From §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & 
               (2), And 91.417(a) & (b). 

     
Since §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), And 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to aircraft with an 

    airworthiness certificate, Forensic Analysis & Engineering requests relief from these §§ because the 
    DJI Phantom 3 Professional  UAS  does  not  require an  airworthiness certificate. As set forth more 

                                                                                                                                  9 | 23 
                                                                                                                                        10 | 23 

           fully  below, the DJI  Phantom 3 Professional UAS meets the conditions of FAA Modernization and 
           Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA)  Section  333  for  operation  without  an  airworthiness  certificate. 
           Accordingly, Forensic Analysis & Engineering will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, 
           alterations, or  preventive  maintenance on  the  UAS using the  methods, techniques, and practices 
           prescribed  in  the  UAS  operating  documents  (i.e.  Monthly Maintenance  Log and  DJI  Phantom  3 
           Professional Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Forensic Analysis & Engineering will document and 
           maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS. 
 
     D. The  Reason  Why  Granting  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  Request  Would Be In The 
          Public Interest That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole. 
 
     Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Forensic Analysis & Engineering 
           to safely,  efficiently,  and economically  perform aerial video and  photography of homes, vehicles, 
           vessels, construction sites, and other accident sites over certain areas of the United States. 
      
     Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce 
           pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of Forensic Analysis 
           & Engineering's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will be realized without 
           implicating any privacy issues. 
      

                1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS. 
 

     The DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA is battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical 
           alternative  to  the  manned  aircraft  traditionally  utilized  to  obtain  aerial  imagery. By reducing the 
           amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a 
           DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce 
           noise  and  air  pollution,  as  well  as  increase  the  safety  of life  and  property in  the  air  and  on the 
           ground. 

      
     Additionally,  when  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  must collect video and  photographic  evidence of 

           ships  and  vessels  off the coast, using the DJI Phantom 3 Professional will result in a reduction of 
           congestion in the waterways and ultimately a reduction in fuel costs. 
      
     Furthermore,  by  reducing  the  number  of  manned aircraft  operations  in  the  NAS, congestion around 
           airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional 
           UA  does  not  require  an  airport  to  takeoff  or  land.  Likewise,  a  reduction  of  manned  aircraft 
           conducting  aerial  video  and  photography  missions  would  result  in  fewer  aircraft  that  must  be 
           handled  by  air  traffic  control  during  the  ground, takeoff,  departure,  arrival, and landing phases of 
           flight operations. 
      

                2. The  Public  Will  Benefit  From  The  Safety  And  Efficiency  Of  The  DJI  Phantom 
                     Professional UAS. 

 
     Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS, instead of manned aircraft, will 
           greatly  benefit  the  public  by  drastically  reducing  the  levels  of air  and noise pollution  generated 
           during traditional aerial video and still photography flight operations. By using battery powered and 
           electric  motors,  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional UAS produce no  air pollution, and  is the most 
           viable  environmentally  conscious  alternative  to  the  cabin  class,  six cylinder internal  combustion 

                                                                                                                                        10 | 23 
                                                                                                                                        11 | 23 

           engine  aircraft  that  are  typically  utilized  for  aerial  video  and  photography,  while  burning 
           approximately 2030 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA, 
           while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UA 
           is propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion engine. 
      
     By using the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life 
           and  property  in  the  air  and  on  the  ground,  which is  usually  associated with traditional  manned 
           aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack 
           of flight  crew members  located onboard the aircraft,  the  DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA (weight 
           approximately 2 pounds 13 ounces at its maximum gross weight with length a 23.3 inches diagonal, 
           and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on 
           the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations 
           (weight approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, 
           and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons). 
      

                3. Performing  Aerial  Video  and  Photography  Operations  With  The  DJI  Phantom  3 
                     Professional UAS Will Benefit The Economy. 

 
     In  addition  to  being  safe  and  efficient,  the DJI  Phantom  3 Professional  UAS is  also  an economical 
           alternative  to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such, operation of the 
           DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will allow United States based companies, like Forensic Analysis 
           & Engineering, to remain  competitive  and contribute to growth of  the U.S. economy. Specifically, 
           with  the  rising  cost  of  aviation  fuel  and  the  Environmental  Protection  Agency  (EPA)  regulatory 
           actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and 
           alternative technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 3 
           Professional  UAS  is  one  such  technology  that  not  only  allows  companies  greater  operational 
           flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost 
           of a traditional manned aircraft. 
      
     By  operating  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  companies,  such  as  Forensic  Analysis  & 
           Engineering,  can  remain competitive  and  profitable,  and  therefore, provide  greater job stability to 
           employees  and  contractors,  which  will  ultimately  contribute  to  growth  of  the  U.S.  economy. 
           Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Phantom 3 
           Professional  UAS,  provides a  stable workforce  that increases consumer spending improves local, 
           state, and  federal  tax revenues  and allows companies to invest in research  and  development  in 
           order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad. 
      
                4. There Are No Privacy Issues. 

 
     Similar  to  the  manned  aerial  acquisition  flight  operations  that  have  been  conducted  for  decades, 
           Forensic Analysis & Engineering's proposed operations of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will 
           not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will be operated 
           in  compliance  with  operating  documents  (i.e.  Monthly  Maintenance  Log,  and  DJI  Phantom  3 
           Professional  Instruction   Manual)  additionally  requiring  property owner  involvement as  well as  local 
           law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations) 

 

                                                                                                                                        11 | 23 
                                                                                                                                        12 | 23 

     E. The Reason Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The 
          Exemption  Would Provide A  Level  Of  Safety  Equal To That Provided By The Rule From 
          Which Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks Exemption. 

 
                1. Reasons Why the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA Meet The Conditions Of The FAA 
                     Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333. 

           
      In  consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited  operating  area associated with the unmanned 

           aircraft  and  its  operation,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering's  operation  of  the  DJI  Phantom  3 
           Professional  UAS  meets  the  conditions  of  FAA  Modernization  and Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA) 
           Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 
           Subpart H. 
       
      Section  333  provides  authority  for  a  UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and sets forth 
           requirements for considering whether a UAS will create  hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or 
           otherwise  pose  a  threat  to  national security.  Specifically, FAA  Modernization and  Reform  Act of 
           2012 (FMRA) Section 333 states the following, in part: 
            

                     (a) In General.Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than 
                     180  days  after  the date of enactment of this Act, the  Secretary  of Transportation shall 
                     determine  if  certain  unmanned  aircraft  systems  may  operate  safely  in  the  national 
                     airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of 
                     this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.  
                      
                     (b)  Assessment  of  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems.In  making  the  determination  under 
                     subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum  
                      

                                (1)  which  types  of  unmanned  aircraft  systems, if  any,  as a result of their size, 
                                weight,  speed,  operational  capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, 
                                and  operation within visual line of sight do not  create  a hazard to users of the 
                                national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security and  
                                 
                                (2)  whether  a  certificate  of  waiver,  certificate of authorization, or airworthiness 
                                certification  under  section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for 
                                the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).  
                                 
                     (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.If the Secretary determines under this section that 
                     certain  unmanned  aircraft  systems  may  operate  safely in the national  airspace system, 
                     the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems 
                     in the national airspace system.  
 
      In seeking this exemption, Forensic Analysis & Engineering submits that the DJI Phantom 3 Profession 
           UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) 
           Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA (b) 
           the pilot certification requirement and (c) the specific operating limitations.  
 
                           a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS Demonstrate Its 
                                Safe Characteristics. 

                                                                                                                                        12 | 23 
                                                                                                                                 13 | 23 

                
The DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or 

    otherwise pose a threat to the national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational 
    capability.  
     

                             i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 UAS. 
                          
The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS are set for by the DJI Phantom 3 
    Professional User Manual and Safety Guide, attached hereto as Appendix A and B. 
     

                            ii. The DJI  Phantom  3 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Mode 
                                    Enable The UAS to Remain Within A Defined Operational Area. 

                          
The  DJI Phantom  3  Professional UAS  may  be  operated in both  manual and fully autonomous flight 

    modes.  A  complete  description  of  the  flight  and  navigational  modes  of  the  DJI  Phantom  3 
    Professional UAS is provided at page 11 of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manual, attached 
    hereto as Appendix A. 
     

                           iii. The  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS Is  Designed  For Automatic 
                                    Return  To  Home  Point  Or  Hover  In  The  Event  Of  Loss  Of  The 
                                    Control Link Or Navigation. 

                          
When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 

    seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA do not reacquire control 
    link data from the GCS, the UA will assume that the Control Link is lost and the US will return to the 
    home position (i.e. failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and shutdown. 
 
A complete  description  of  the  Failsafe Functions  of  the  DJI  Phantom 3 Professional are set forth at 
    pages 1214 of the DJI Phantom 3 User Manual, attached hereto as Appendix A. 
     

                           iv. The DJI Phantom 3 Professional GCS And Its Operation. 
     
A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional GCS and 
    flight control software is provided at pages 2329 and 3538 of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional User 
    Manual, attached hereto as Appendix A. 
     

                    b. Flight  Operations  Of  DJI  Phantom  3 Professional UAS Is Limited  To The 
                         Line Of Sight Of A Certified Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer. 

                
Forensic Analysis  &  Engineering  will  be the only company  to  authorize PICs  for the DJI Phantom 3 

    Professional. Additionally, a safety observer and photographer will assist the PIC during flight time. 
     

                    c. Flights Of DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To 
                         Specific Operating Limitations. 

                
In  seeking  this  exemption,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering proposes  to  commercially  operate  DJI 

    Phantom  3  Professional UAS for the special  purpose of conducting aerial video and photography 
    over certain areas of the United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations: 

                                                                                                                                 13 | 23 
                                                                                                                            14 | 23 

 
     1. Operations  authorized  by  this  grant  of  exemption  will be  limited to the following  aircraft 
           described  in  the  operating  documents,  rotorcraft  UASs  weight  less  than  55  pounds 
           maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 3 Professional Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed 
           operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant. 
     2. UAS  operations  under  this  exemption  will  be  limited  to  conducting  operations  for  the 
           purpose of aerial video and photography. 
     3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots. 
     4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet AGL, as indicated by the 
           procedures  specified  in  the  operating  documents  unless  a  special request  is  made and 
           approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL. 
     5. The UA must be operated within VLOS of the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be 
           able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lense, as specified on 
           the PIC's State issued Driver's License 
     6. The use of the first person view by the PIC or SO is not permitted. 
     7. All operations must utilize an SO. The SO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as 
           long  as  the  IC  always  maintains  VLOS  capability.  The  SO  and  PIC  must  be  able  to 
           communicate  verbally  at  all  times. Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during 
           flight  operations. The  PIC must  be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or 
           her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform 
           the functions prescribed in the operating documents. 
     8. The  SO  must  not  perform  any  other  duties  beyond  assisting  the  PIC  with  seeing  and 
           avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted 
           to operate the camera or other instruments. 
     9. The  operating  documents  and  the  grant  of  exemption  must  be  accessible  during  UAS 
           operations and  made  available  to  the  Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists 
           between  the  conditions  and  limitations  contained  in  the  grant  of  exemption  and  the 
           procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained in 
           the  grant  of  exemption  take  precedence  and must be  followed. Otherwise, the operator 
           must  follow  the  procedures  as  outlined  in  its  operating  documents.  The  operator  may 
           update or  revise  its  operating  documents.  It is  the  operator's  responsibility to  track such 
           revisions  and  present  updated  and  revised documents to the Administrator upon request. 
           The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension 
           or  amendment  to  the  grant of exemption.  If  the  operator determines  that any update or 
           revision  would  affect  the  basis  upon  which  the  FAA  granted  the  exemption,  then  the 
           operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration 
           Office  (AFS80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the 
           operating documents. 
     10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe 
           flight.  If  the  inspection reveals a  condition  that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the 
           aircraft is  prohibited  from  operating  until  the necessary maintenance has been performed 
           and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The GCS must be included in the 
           preflight  inspection.  All  maintenance  and  alterations  must  be  properly  document  in  the 
           aircraft records. 
     11. Any  UAs  that has undergone maintenance  or alterations that affect the UAS operation or 
           flight  characteristics,  e.ge  replacement  of  a  flight  critical  component,  must  undergo  a 
           functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in 
           the aircraft records. 

                                                                                                                            14 | 23 
                                                                                                                       15 | 23 

12. The  preflight  inspection  must  account  for  all  potential  discrepancies,  e.g.  inoperable 
     components,  items,  or  equipment,  not  already  covered  in  the  relevant  sections  of  the 
     operating documents. 

13. The  operator  must  follow  the  UAS  manufacturer's  aircraft/component,  maintenance, 
     overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. 

14. The  operator  must  carry  out  its  maintenance,  inspections,  and  record  keeping 
     requirements,  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  Maintenance,  inspection, 
     alterations,  and  status  of  replacement/overhaul  component  parts  must  be  noted  in  the 
     aircraft records, including  total time  in  service, description of work accomplished, and the 
     signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service. 

15. Each  UAS  operated  under  this  exemption  must  comply  with  all  manufacture  Safety 
     Bulletins. 

16. The  authorized  person must  make an  entry  in  the  aircraft  record  of the corrective action 
     taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections. 

17. The  PIC  must  possess  a  private, sport,  recreational, or  higher pilot  certificate, at  least a 
     current Driver's License, and a current physical from an approved practitioner.  

18. The  operator  may  not  permit  any  PIC  to  operate  unless  the  PIC  meets  the  operator's 
     qualification criteria and  demonstrates  the  ability  to  safely  operate  the  UAS  in  a  manner 
     consistent   with how  the UAS  will  be operated  under  the  exemption, including  evasive  and 
     emergency  maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  persons,  vessels, 
     vehicles, and structures not involved in an investigation. PIC qualification flight hours must 
     be  logged  in  a manner  consistent  with 14  C.F.R. § 61.51(b)  Flights for the purposes  of 
     training  the  operator's  PIC  are  permitted  under  the  terms  of  the  exemption.  However, 
     training  operations  may  only  be  conducted  during  dedicated  training  sessions.  During 
     training,  proficiency,  and  experiencebuilding  flights,  all  persons  not  essential  for  flight 
     operations  are  considered  nonparticipants,  and  the  IC  must  operate  the  UA  with 
     appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. 

19. UAS  operations  may  not  be  conducted  during  night,  as  defined in  14  C.F.R.  §  1.1. All 
     operations must be conducted under VMC. If flight at night is required, a special request will 
     be  made at the FAA office closet to proposed area of operations. Flights under SVFR are 
     not authorized. 

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on 
     current  FAApublished  aeronautical  chart  unless  a  letter  of  agreement  with  that  airport's 
     management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as 
     required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must 
     be made available to the Administrator upon request. 

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally 
     from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC. 

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a predetermined 
     location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the 
     operating documents. 

23. The  PIC  must  abort  the  flight  in  the  event  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or emergencies  in 
     accordance with the operating documents. 

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather 
     conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended point and 
     land the UA with 25% battery power remaining. 

25. The operator must obtain an ATO issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior 
     to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption. This COA will also require the 

                                                                                                                       15 | 23 
                                                                                                                                 16 | 23 

               operator  to  request a NOTAM not more  than 72  hours in advance, but not less than 48 
               hours  prior  to  operation.  All  operations  shall  be conducted in accordance with  airspace 
               requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential 
               transponder requirements.  
         26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial number, 
               registered  in  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  part  47,  and  have  identification  (N  Number) 
               markings  in  accordance  with  14 C.F.R.  part 45, Subpart  C.  Markings  must  be made  as 
               large as practical 
         27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control 
               of the  UA  must  comply  with  the FCC  or other  appropriate  government oversight agency 
               requirements. 
         28. The  documents  required fewer  than 14  C.F.R. 91.9  and 91.203 must be available to the 
               PIC  at  the  GCS of the UAS  any  time  the  UAS in operating. These documents  must be 
               made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. 
         29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and 
               activities at the time. 
         30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle. 
         31. Flight  operations  must  be  conducted  at  least  500  feet from all nonparticipating persons 
               (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, 
               and structures unless: 

                    a. Barriers or  structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons 
                          from  the  UA  and/or  debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure 
                          that  nonparticipating  persons  remain  under  such  protection.  If  situation  arises 
                          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the 
                          U, flight operations must cease immediately and/or 

                    b. The  aircraft  is  operated  near  vessels,  vehicles,  or  structures  where  the 
                          owner/controller  of  such  vessels,  vehicles,  or structures  has  granted  permission 
                          and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those 
                          objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and 

                    c. Operations nearer  to  the  PIC,  So, operator  trainees,  or essential persons do not 
                          present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a). 

         32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlledaccess property with permission 
               from  the  land  owner/controller  or  authorized  representative.  Permission  from  land 
               owner/controller  or  authorized  representative  will  be  obtained  for  each  flight  to  be 
               conducted. 

         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries 
               of the  operational  area  as  defined by  the  applicable  COA  must be reported to the FAA's 
               UAS Integration Office (AFS80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the NTSB 
               per instructions contained on the NTSB website: www.ntsb.gov. 

     
         2. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  §  61.23(a)  Would  Not 
               Adversely Affect Safety. 

     
Forensic  Analysis  & Engineering  submits that the equivalent level of safety  established by § 61.23(a) 

    will  be  maintained  because  no  PIC  will  be  allowed  to  operate  the  DJI  Phantom 3 Professional 
    unless  that  PIC  has a  current physical on  file with Forensic Analysis  & Engineering  and a  valid 
    Driver's License. 
     

                                                                                                                                 16 | 23 
                                                                                                                                   17 | 23 

The FAA has previously granted relief from § 61.23(a) & (c) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in 
      all material respects to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11410, 11553, 11257, 11213, 
      11437, 11150A). 

  
            3. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  §§  61.101(e)(4)  &  (5), 
                 61.113(a), And 61.315(a) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety. 

       
  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  submits  that  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  §§ 

      61.101(e)(4)  &  (5), 61.113(a), and 61.315(a)  will  be maintained  because no PIC will be  allowed  to 
      operate  the  DJI Phantom 3  Professional unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum 
      flighthour  and  currency  requirements, that the PIC  is able  to  safely  operate  the  DJI Phantom 3 
      Professional  UAS  in  a  manner consistent  with  the  exemption,  including  evasive  and  emergency 
      maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and structures. 
   
  Considering  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering's  proposed  area  of  operations,  and  the  operating 
      limitations  set  forthabove  the  parallel  nature  of  private, recreational,  or  sport pilot aeronautical 
      knowledge  requirements  to  those  of  commercial  pilot  requirements  and  the  airmanship  skills 
      necessary to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS, Forensic Analysis & Engineering 
      submits  that  the  additional  manned  airmanship  skills  unnecessary  for  Forensic  Analysis  & 
      Engineering's specific proposed flight operations.  
   
  Forensic Analysis & Engineering will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS 
      unless  that  PIC  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting  minimum  flighthour  requirements  or  the  DJI 
      Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  training  and  currency requirements,  that the  PIC is  able to  safely 
      operate  the  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  in  a  manner  consistent  with  this exemption, 
      including  evasive  and  emergency  maneuvers and  maintaining appropriate distances from people, 
      vessels, vehicles, and structures. 
   
  Specifically,  the  PIC  must  have accumulated  and  logged, in a  manner  consistent with 14  C.F.R. § 
      61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a minimum of 5 hours of those hours 
      as a  UAS pilot operating the same make  and  model  of UAS to be used for operations under the 
      exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings 
      in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). 
   
  Accordingly, Forensic Analysis  & Engineering  will  ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to 
      operate  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  unless  that  PIC  has  demonstrated,  by  meeting 
      minimum  flighthour  and  currency  requirements,  that  the  PIC  is  able  to  safely  operate  the  DJI 
      Phantom  3  Professional  UAS in a manner  consistent  with the exemption,  including evasive and 
      emergency  maneuvers and  maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and 
      structures. 
   
  The FAA has previously granted relief from § 61.113(a) & (b) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, 
      in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g.  Exemption  Nos, 11062, 11063,  11064, 
      11065, 11066, 11067,  11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 
      11159, 11160, 11161). 
   
       

                                                                                                                                   17 | 23 
                                                                                                                                        18 | 23 

                4. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  §  91.7(a)  Would  Not 
                     Adversely Affect Safety. 

      
     The equivalent level of safety established by § 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to every flight, 

           Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  ensure  that the DJI  Phantom  3 Professional  UAS is  in  an 
           airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents and as stated in 
           the conditions and limitations herein. 
      
     Additionally,  the  FAA  has  previously  granted  relief  from  §  91.7(a) specific  to UAS,  in  circumstances 
           similar,  in  all  material  respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g. Exemption  Nos.  11062, 11063, 
           11064, 11065, 11066,  11067,  11080, 11109, 11110,  11112,  1116, 11138,  11150, 11153, 11156, 
           11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161). 
      

                5. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  § 91.119(c) Would  Not 
                     Adversely Affect Safety. 

      
     The equivalent level of safety established by § 91.119(c) will be maintained because the DJI Phantom 3 

           Professional will not be flown closer to any Vessel, Structure, or Vehicle without prior authorization 
           from the owner. 
      
     Additionally,  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  has  automated  hover  capabilities which  allow the DJI 
           Phantom 3 Professional to maintain position within ± 0.2m vertically and ± 1.5m horizontally.  
      
     The FAA has previously granted relief from § 91.119(c) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all 
           material  respects,  to those presented  herein (e.g. Exemption  Nos. 11062, 11063,  11064, 11065, 
           11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11111, 11112, 11136,  11188,  11208, 11213, 11437, 11508, 11671) 
      

                6. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  §  91.121  Would  Not 
                     Adversely Affect Safety. 

 
     The  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  §  91.121  will  be  maintained  because  the  altitude 
           information  of  the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UA will be provided to the PIC via GPS equipment 
           and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active 
           monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude information, combined with Forensic Analysis 
           & Engineering's  operation of  the DJI  Phantom  3  Professional UA  within  visual  line of sight, at or 
           below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to § 91.121. The altitude information will 
           be  generated  by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude 
           initiation point is automatically established by the UAS at ground level. 
      
     The  FAA has previously  granted  relief  from  § 91.121  specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all 
           material  respects,  to those presented  herein (e.g. Exemption  Nos. 11062, 11063,  11064, 11065, 
           11066, 11067, 11080,  11109, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 
           11160, 11161). 
       
                7. Reasons  Why  An  Exemption  From  The  Requirements  Of  § 91.151(b)  Would  Not 
                     Adversely Affect Safety. 
           

                                                                                                                                        18 | 23 
                                                                                                                                  19 | 23 

A grant  of  this  exemption  would  ensure  an equivalent level of safety established by § 91.151(b) as a 
     result (1) the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS (2) the limitations on 
     the  proposed  flight operations  and (3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, 
     Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  ensure  that  it  will  safely  operate  the  battery  powered  DJI 
     Phantom 3 Professional UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power to 
     fly  for  a  total  duration  of 13  minutes to the first point of intended landing  and, assuming  normal 
     cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes. 

 
Here  the  technical  specifications  of  the  DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS  the  limitations  on  the 

     proposed  flight operations  and the location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent 
     level of safety established by § 91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Phantom 3 
     Professional  UAS  provide  audible  and  visual  warnings  to  the  PIC  at  the  GCS  when  the  UA 
     experiences low battery voltage, the first warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery 
     power, and again at approximately 10% remaining battery power. At the critically low battery power, 
     the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will descend and land automatically. 
 
Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning § 91.151 establish that safety is not 
     adversely  affected  when  the  technical  characteristics  and  operating  limitations  of  the  UAS  are 
     considered.  Relief  has  been  granted  for  manned  aircraft  to  operate  at  less  than  the minimums 
     prescribed  in § 91.151,  including Exemption Nos. 2689,  5745, and 10650.  Moreover, the FAA  has 
     previously  granted  relief  from  §  91.151 specific  to  UAS,  in  circumstances similar, in all material 
     respects,  to  those  presented  herein  (e.g.  Exemption  Nos.  8811,  10808,  10673,  11042,  11062, 
     11063, 11064, 11065,  11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 
     11157, 1158, 11159, 11160, 11161). 
 

          8. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 
                91.409(a), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety. 

      
In  seeking  this  exemption,  Forensic  Analysis &  Engineering submits that  the  equivalent level  of safety 

     with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by §§ 91.405(a), 
     91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  &  (2),  and  91.417(a)  &  (b)  will  be  met  because  Forensic  Analysis  & 
     Engineering  will  use  trained  technicians  to  perform  maintenance,  alterations,  or  preventive 
     maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating 
     documents  (i.e.  Monthly  Maintenance  Log and DJI  Phantom  3  Professional Instruction Manual). 
     Furthermore, Forensic Analysis & Engineering will document and maintain all maintenance records 
     for the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS. 
 
Since the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents, 
     Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  maintain  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by  §§ 
     91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1) & (2). A copy of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manuals are attached 
     hereto as Appendix A. 
 
Likewise,  the  exemption  sought  will  not  adversely  affect  safety  because  Forensic  Analysis  & 
     Engineering  will  use  trained  technicians  to  perform  maintenance,  alterations,  or  preventive 
     maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating 
     documents. 
 

                                                                                                                                  19 | 23 
                                                                                                                                  20 | 23 

Furthermore,  the  exemption  sought  would  maintain  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  established  by §§ 
     91.407(a)  and  91.407(b),  because  maintenance  of  the  DJI Phantom 3 Professional  UAS  will  be 
     performed  by  trained  technicians.  Maintenance  will  be  documented and maintained  utilizing the 
     Monthly Maintenance Log. 

 
Significantly,  previous  exemptions  granted  by  the  FAA  concerning  §§  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1), 

     91.409(a)(1)  &  (2),  and  91.417(a)  & (b) establish  that safety  is not adversely  affected when the 
     technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are considered. 
 
In  consideration  of  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering's  proposed  operating  limitations,  the  operating 
     documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS, Forensic Analysis & 
     Engineering  submits  that  safety  will  not  be  adversely  affected  by  granting  exemption  from  §§ 
     91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  & (2),  and 91.417(a) & (b). The FAA has previously granted 
     relief  specific to  UAS  in  circumstances  similar,  in all material respects, to those presented herein 
     (e.g.  Exemption  Nos.  11062,  11063, 11064,  11065,  1106, 11067, 11080,  11109,  11110, 11112, 
     1113, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161). 
 

          9. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation. 
      
In  accordance  with  Section 333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA)  and  14 
     C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Forensic Analysis & Engineering requests that the FAA 
     prescribe  special  conditions  for the intended operation of the DJI  Phantom  3  Professional  UAS, 
     which  contain  such safety  standards  that  the  Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of 
     safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part  21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a), & 
     (c), 61.101(e)(4) & (5), 61.113(a) & (b), 61.315(c)(2) & (3), 91.7 (a), 91.119(c),  91.121, 91.151(b), 
     91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit 
     safe operation of the UA for  the  limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over 
     certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 
     2012 (FMRA) Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a 
     hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security and further, 
     provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with 
     any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS. 
 
Likewise,  the  Administrator  may  prescribe  special  conditions  pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  §  21.16,  for 
     operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. 
     Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design 
     features of the aircraft. § 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, stated the following:  
  

                If  the  FAA  finds  that  the  airworthiness  regulations  of  this  subchapter  do  not  contain 
                adequate  or  appropriate  safety  standards  for  an  aircraft,  aircraft  engine,  or  propeller 
                because of novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine, or propellor, he 
                prescribes  special  conditions  and  amendments  thereto  for  the  product.  The  special 
                conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety 
                standards  for  the  aircraft,  aircraft  engine,  or  propellor  as  the  FAA finds necessary to 
                establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations. 
                 
Therefore, in accordance with FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333 and 14 
     C.F.R.  § 21.16,  the  FAA  may prescribe  special conditions  for  Forensic  Analysis &  Engineering's 

                                                                                                                                  20 | 23 
                                                                                                                                        21 | 23 

           intended  operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional  UAS, which contains  such safety  standards 
           that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 
           14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H,  and  14  C.F.R.  §§  61.23(a)  & (c),  61.101(e)(4)  & (5),  61.113(a), 
           61.315(c)(2)  &  (3),  91.7(a),  91.119(c),  91.121,  91.151(b),  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a), 
           91.417(a) & (b). 
      
     F. A  Summary  That  Can  Be  Published  In  The  Federal  Register,  stating:  The  Rules  From 
          Which Forensic Analysis & Engineering Seeks Exemption. 
 
     Forensic Analysis & Engineering seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) & (c), 
           61.101(e)(4) &  (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(c)(2) & (3), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 
           91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a), 91.417(a) & (b). 

                      
     G. A  Brief  Description  Of  The  Nature  Of  The  Exemption  Forensic  Analysis & Engineering 

          Seeks. 
 

     This  exemption  will  permit  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  to commercially operate an  Unmanned 
           Aircraft  System  (UAS)  for  the  purpose  of  conducting  aerial video and  photography over  certain 
           areas of the United States for forensic inspections. 
                      

     H. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support Forensic Analysis 
          & Engineering's Request. 

 
     This petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333, 
           which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in the 
           NS. As such, Forensic Analysis & Engineering's request for exemption may be granted pursuant to 
           the authority of FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 
           11, as set forth above. 
      
     The  FAA Modernization  and  Reform Act  of  2012  (FMRA) Section 333 sets forth the requirements for 
           considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose 
           a  threat  to  national security  and  further,  provides  the  authority  for  such UAS to  operate  without 
           airworthiness certification. 
      
     As  discussed  in  detail  above,  Forensic  Analysis  &  Engineering  will  operate  the  DJI  Phantom  3 
           Professional UAS safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or 
           otherwise pose a threat to national security. 
      
                                                               CONCLUSION 
                                                                          
     As set forth herein, Forensic Analysis & Engineering seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 
           and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe 
           operation of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, 
           for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United 
           States. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate 
           of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), while also advancing the interests of the 
           public, by allowing Forensic Analysis & Engineering to safely, efficiently, and economically operate 
           the DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS commercially within the NAS. 

                                                                                                                                        21 | 23 
                                                                                                                                  22 | 23 
 
WHEREFORE,  in  accordance with the Federal Aviation  Regulations and the FAA Modernization and 

     Reform Act  of  2012, Section  333,  Forensic  Analysis &  Engineering respectfully requests that the 
     Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.23(a) & 
     (c)  ,  61.101(e)(4)  &  (5),  61.113(a),  61.315(c)(2)  &  (3),  91.7(a),  91.119(c),  91.121,  91.151(b), 
     91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a), 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Forensic Analysis & Engineering to 
     operate  the  DJI Phantom 3  Professional  UAS  commercially  for  the  purpose  of  conducting  aerial 
     video and photography over certain areas of the United States for forensic inspections. 
     Dated: June 8, 2015 
       

                                                                                                                                  22 | 23 
                                                                      23 | 23 

                         Respectfully submitted, 
                          
                         Chandler James Motley 
                          
                          
                          
                         ____________________________ 
                          
                         Forensic Analysis & Engineering 
                         2503 58th Street Suite A 
                         Hampton, VA 23661 
                         757.265.9333 

                       
                       
 
                       

                         23 | 23 
