May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11659
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0545

Mr. Jeffrey Sassinsky
President
Fovea Aero Systems LLC
60 Fostertown Road
Medford, NJ 08055

Dear Mr. Sassinsky:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Fovea Aero Systems LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct surveying, monitoring, inspections, videography, photography and filmmaking.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI
S1000+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Fovea Aero Systems LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Fovea Aero Systems LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI S1000+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                              Fovea Aero Systems LLC

                                                                                                         60 Fostertown Road  Medford, New Jersey 08055
                                                                  Phone: 800-257-6442  E-Mail: jeff@foveaaero.com  Web: www.FoveaAero.com

Date: March 2, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations, M-30
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Fovea Aero Systems LLC hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation
Regulations identified herein to allow for the commercial operation of its sUASs for the purposes of
electric transmission and distribution utility systems monitoring and inspection, so long as such
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by
the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").

Electric transmission and distribution systems are currently inspected utilizing helicopters and fixed
wing aircraft. Power transmission utility workers ("linemen") or photographic equipment are carried in
the aircraft to search for current and potential power line and component defects. The use of sUASs to
perform these tasks increases worker and public safety, lowers inspection costs, increases power
distribution reliability and can provide better, faster, more thorough inspections than through the use of
manned aircraft. These facts, among others, provide a significant and definitive public benefit and are in
the public interest.

Conditions for sUAS operation as described in this application are consistent with and based upon
proposed FAA sUAS regulations as outlined by the FAA on the 15th of February, 2015. Any additional
conditions included herein have been included by Fovea Aero Systems LLC to add to and enhance the
safe operation of sUASs when used for utility inspection and management.

The applicant contact information is:

Fovea Aero Systems LLC
Attn: Jeffrey Sassinsky
Telephone: (800) 257-6442 ext. 706
Email: jeff@foveaaero.com
Address: 60 Fostertown Road, Medford, New Jersey 08055
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 2

Fovea Aero Systems LLC contends that this application satisfies the conditions and criteria set forth in
Section 333 of the Reform Act, that the operations described herein benefit the public interest as a whole
in many ways and that the use of sUASs for power line and utility inspection meets or exceeds the level
of safety currently experienced by traditional manned aircraft utilized for these purposes. The applicant
is thankful for the Federal Aviation Administration's time and consideration.

Respectfully yours,

Jeffrey Sassinsky
President, Fovea Aero Systems LLC

I. Regulations for which Exemption is Requested

Fovea Aero Systems LLC requests exemption from the following regulations:
· Part 21, Subpart H.
· 45.23 (b).
· 45.25.
· 45.27 (a).
· 45.29.
· 61.113 (a) & (b).
· 61.133 (a).
· 91.7 (a).
· 91.9 (b)(2) & (c).
· 91.103.
· 91.105.
· 91.109 (a).
· 91.119.
· 91.121.
· 91.151 (a)(1) & (b).
· 91.203 (a) & (b).
· 91.405 (a).
· 91.407 (a)(1).
· 91.409 (a)(2).
· 91.417 (a) & (b).

A discussion of each FAR and the methods by with Fovea Aero Systems LLC will maintain a level of
safety equivalent to or exceeding the rules from which exemption is sought is detailed in Section VI of
this petition.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 3

II. Statutory Authority for Requested Exemptions

This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform Act. Congress
has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the
national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to
permit operation of an unmanned aircraft system where it does not create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system ("NAS") or the public or pose a threat to national security based on the
following considerations:
· The size, weight, speed and operational capability;
· Operation in proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation within visual line of sight of the operator.

Furthermore, the Federal Aviation Act grants the FAA Administrator general authority to grant
exemptions from the agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator
decides a requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 44701-44716, et seq. A
party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the
public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety or how it would provide a level of safety at
least equal to the existing rules. See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.

III. Fovea Aero Systems LLC Background Information

Fovea Aero Systems LLC is dedicated to provide safe, efficient and outstanding aerial imaging services
to its clients. The founder, Jeff Sassinsky, is an active pilot holding a commercial certificate, valid
medical and has previously worked as a professional pilot in Part 135 operations. He has also worked as
a utility line inspection photographer and has helped design aerial methods for imaging power lines and
utility components.

Fovea Aero Systems LLC is actively consulting with a Part 135 helicopter operator currently
performing power line inspections using manned aircraft. The operator and Fovea Aero Systems LLC
are examining current methods used by manned aircraft for power line inspections and how they can be
improved in both safety and effectiveness by utilizing sUASs. Additionally, Fovea Aero Systems LLC is
working with power line inspection professionals to identify inspection requirements and to safely,
efficiently and effectively utilize sUASs to augment and improve the inspection process.

Working closely with current Part 135 operators and power line inspection professionals has provided
Fovea Aero Systems LLC with exceptional "real world" knowledge of power line inspection methods,
requirements and hazards as well as ways to improve upon these operations using sUASs. This will
assist Fovea Aero Systems LLC in the operation of their sUASs in a safe and efficient manner should
this petition be granted.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 4

IV. Proposed Operations

Fovea Aero Systems LLC is requesting exemptions from the Federal Aviation Regulations (the "FARs")
stated herein pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act in order to perform power line and utility
system monitoring and inspection utilizing sUASs.

Inspections and monitoring of electric transmission and distribution components are currently
performed using four main methods: (i) by manned-aircraft (often helicopter and occasionally fixed-
winged), (ii) by land based motor vehicle, (iii) on foot, or (iv) by a worker(s) climbing the pole / tower.
In many cases, each of the aforementioned methods can be replaced or augmented by using an sUAS to
perform the inspection. The sUAS can often provide all or a combination of (i) better results, (ii)
improved coverage, (iii) increased worker and public safety and (iv) decreased costs over the current
methods.

Fovea Aero Systems LLC will operate their sUASs with a gimbal mounted high-resolution camera. The
camera system will acquire still photographs and / or video of the electric transmission components,
tower, pole, base, surrounding vegetation and potential hazards to the power lines. The inspections can
be completed onsite by a line worker using a live feed from the sUAS or later using the stored images.
The images can be cataloged for later inspection, comparison to future inspections, assessing storm
damage, asset management and for planning upgrades or future power distribution improvements and
expansion.

An sUAS will provide greater visual coverage of the power line and associated components over many
of the current inspection methods. Previously non-inspected areas of the power line and tower / pole
can be seen and inspected using the imagery obtained by Fovea Aero Systems LLC's sUASs. This
improves upon current inspection methods resulting in more reliable power distribution, fewer outages
and potentially lower costs for power consumers.

The ability to inspect the power distribution system using sUASs will increase worker safety, increase
public safety, decrease inspection costs, reduce power outages, and may improve natural disaster
response time. Additionally, sUASs do not carry an onboard pilot, crew, passengers or flammable fuel
and do not release emissions. These qualities provide a significant public benefit and are in the public
interest. Each of these, as well as other public benefits, are expanded upon and discussed later in this
petition. See Section V in this document.

A. Operation Locations and Environments

Fovea Aero Systems LLC will operate its sUASs in support of power line inspections. Most utility
companies currently perform aerial inspections using a helicopter and a lineman that "glasses" the lines
by viewing them from the helicopter directly or with the aid of binoculars. Others photograph the lines
using an onboard photographer.

The helicopter is often required to operate in close proximity to the lines and at low altitude in order to
place the lineman or photographer in a position to see the power distribution components. The
helicopter may be operating for extended periods in less than optimal conditions for safety, such as
directly over the power lines, with a tail wind, or in areas in which an autorotation may be difficult or
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 5

impossible in the event of an engine failure. This places the helicopter, its occupants, and possibly the
public, in harms way.

An sUAS would eliminate these concerns. Its lack of occupants eliminates potential harm to the pilot,
crew and onboard observers, its small size reduces or eliminates the risk to the public, its ability to
image power distribution components from a relatively close distance improves inspection coverage and
its low operating costs allow for more thorough and timely power line inspections. An sUAS also does
not carry flammable fuel and does not release emissions.

The sUASs will be controlled via radio transmission from a Ground Control Station ("GCS"). All
remote control equipment will be off the shelf industry standard devices available to both professionals
and consumers and utilize FCC approved transmission and reception components.

The sUAS will be operated in the area immediately surrounding the power distribution equipment. The
structures, such as high voltage power lines, are typically contained within a "right of way" owned by
the power utility company. This provides Fovea Aero Systems LLC's sUASs with a safe and secure
flight location. At no time will the sUAS be operated over any non-participating persons. The flight
area will be monitored by the operator and / or observers for any encroaching individuals.

Fovea Aero will confer with the participating utility company regarding any known hazards or
abnormal operating conditions that the utility or Fovea Aero may consider pertinent to sUAS
operations. Permission from the controlling utility company will be obtained prior to conducting
commercial flight operations within the right of way or in the vicinity of the power line.

Fovea Aero Systems LLC will utilize a operator specifically trained in sUAS operations for all
commercial flights. When deemed necessary by Fovea Aero Systems LLC an observer(s) will be utilized
for added visual coverage. They may also utilize a payload specialist and / or lineman for obtaining
video or photographs and performing onsite power utility inspections via remote video feed.

The observer will be in voice contact with the operator at all times during flight via either direct
contact, radio or equivalent methods, depending on the optimal observer position as determined by
operator and observer. The observer, when used, will assist the operator in identifying both air and
ground hazards and maintaining safe operating conditions. The flight will be altered or terminated
immediately should a hazard such as a low flying aircraft or unauthorized person in the flight area be
observed by either the operator or observer.

Power line right of ways are cleared of vegetation and provide very good line of sight environments.
This reduces flight risks to very manageable levels. The flight area can be secured, any intruders
readily spotted and flights quickly and safely terminated to multiple landing zones if need be.
Additionally, the sUAS will not be operated over non-participating persons. It will remain a minimum
of 50 feet from all non-power distribution structures and will not operate higher than 500 feet AGL.

Predetermined potential landing zones will be identified and briefed by the operator, observers and
participating persons prior to flight. Landing zones will be selected according to proximity to
obstructions, observed ground conditions and limited exposure to persons and property.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 6

B. Operating Conditions and Limitations

All operations will be conducted according to and in compliance with the following conditions and
limitations.
(A) All sUASs utilized will weigh less than 55 lbs. (25 kg).
(B) The aircraft will remain within visual line-of-sight ("VLOS") of the operator and / or visual

       observer(s) at all times using vision unaided by any device with the exception of corrective lenses.
(C) A visual observer ("VO") may be utilized to satisfy the VLOS and observation requirements as

       defined herein.
(D) The aircraft will not operate over non-participating persons.
(E) Flight operations will be conducted only between the period of official sunrise and sunset as

       defined in the Aeronautical Information Manual (AIM).
(F) The sUAS will yield right-of-way to other aircraft, manned or unmanned. If there is a risk of a

       collision, the operator will immediately maneuver away.
(G) Prior to flight, the sUAS operator will assess weather conditions using FAA approved weather

       sources and direct weather observation, will check airspace restrictions and TFRs and will assess
       the location of people and property to lessen risks if he or she loses control of the sUAS.
(H) Flight operations will be conducted only with flight visibilities at or exceeding 3 statute miles.
(I) The sUAS will not be operated in airport flight paths, restricted airspace, or areas under current
       Temporary Flight Restrictions (TFRs).
(J) The operator will discontinue the flight when continuing would pose a hazard to other aircraft,
       people or property.
(K) The sUAS will not exceed an airspeed of 87 knots (100 mph).
(L) The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude exceeding 500 feet above ground level ("AGL").
(M) Operations will not be conducted in Class A airspace.
(N) ATC permission will be obtained prior to operations in Class B, Class C, Class D or Class E
       airspace.
(O) The operator / observer(s) will operate / observe only one sUAS at a time.
(P) A thorough preflight of the sUAS will be conducted by the designated operator in command
       ("OIC") prior to the first flight of the day or after any suspected or observed anomalies or damage.
(Q) The OIC will follow the suggested preflight actions as outlined in the sUAS operator's manual or,
       if available, Fovea Aero Systems LLC's sUAS operation guidelines.
(R) The operator will not operate an sUAS should he or she know or has any reason to know of any
       physical or mental condition that would interfere with their safe operation of the aircraft.
(S) The sUAS will not be operated in a careless or reckless manner.

C. Operator Certification and Requirements

All Fovea Aero Systems LLC operators will abide by the following conditions and requirements.
(A) All operators will hold a current and valid Private, Commercial or ATP pilot certificate with

       ratings for one or more of the following categories: single-engine land airplane, multi-engine land
       airplane or rotorcraft helicopter. This requirement may be alternatively satisfied when / if FAA
       sUAS operator testing, certification and currency requirements are approved.
(B) All operators will be 18 years of age or older.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 7

(C) Operators or a designated Fovea Aero Systems LLC official will make available to the FAA, upon
       request, the sUAS for inspection or testing.

(D) Operators or a designated Fovea Aero Systems LLC official will maintain a log of flights as
       practicable for future currency or flight logging requirements.

(E) An operator or a designated Fovea Aero Systems LLC official will report an accident to the FAA
       within 10 days of any operation that results in damage to property, other than the aircraft,
       estimated to exceed $25,000 for repair (including materials and labor) or fair market value in the
       event of total loss, whichever is less and / or results in significant injury or death.

D. sUAS Registration, Markings and Requirements

All Fovea Aero Systems LLC sUASs will be registered and marked according to the following
conditions and requirements.
(A) All sUASs to be operated by Fovea Aero Systems LLC will be maintained in condition for safe

       operation.
(B) The sUAs will be inspected prior to flight by the OIC to ensure that it is in a condition for safe

       operation.
(C) All sUASs to be operated by Fovea Aero Systems LLC for commercial operations will be

       registered with the FAA.
(D) All sUASs to be operated by Fovea Aero Systems LLC for commercial operations will be marked

       with an aircraft registration number according to 14 C.F.R. Part 45 or in the largest practicable
       manner taking into account the size and configuration of the aircraft. See Section VI, subsections
       B, C, D and E in this document.

V. Public Benefit and Public Interest

Currently, aerial power line inspections are performed via helicopter or, occasionally, via fixed-winged
aircraft. The aircraft are typically flown at low altitude and in relative close proximity to the power
line, structures or components. The use of an sUAS rather than a manned aircraft in such applications
will further the public interest in several areas including but not limited to the following:
· The sUAS carries no passengers, pilot or crew, thereby increasing pilot, passenger and worker

     safety.
· The sUAS can often eliminate the need for a worker to climb a tower or pole in order to inspect

     components thereby increasing worker safety.
· The sUAS carries no flammable fuel thereby increasing safety to the general public.
· The sUAS has a lower noise signature than a typical helicopter thereby improving public welfare.
· The sUAS has no emissions thereby reducing the environment impact over traditional manned

     aircraft.
· The sUAS is less expensive to operate than a traditional manned aircraft thereby decreasing the

     cost of power line inspection. This allows utility companies to inspect their infrastructure more
     frequently, more thoroughly and at a potential discount thereby increase public welfare.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 8

· The sUAS is less expensive to acquire than a manned aircraft thereby allowing for more inspection
     crews to operate concurrently. This can result in better-maintained infrastructure and more reliable
     power distribution for the public.

· The sUAS may respond to natural disasters and storm-related damage quicker than manned-
     aircraft. This results in faster power restoration and lower outage time for the public.

VI. Discussion of Requested FAR Exemptions

Fovea Aero Systems LLC seeks an exemption from the following regulations including provisions of
Part 21, 45, 61 and 91 for the purposes of conduction the operations described herein. Presented here
are the specific FAR sections for which exemption is requested and the methods and safeguards by
which Fovea Aero Systems LLC will ensure a level of safety equivalent to exceeding the regulations
from which exemption is sought. See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e).

A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness certificates.

Section 91.203(a)(1) requires civil aircraft to have "an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate."
Part 21, Subpart H ("Airworthiness Certificates") establishes the procedural requirements and
applicability for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as directed by 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1).

Equivalent level of safety: The sUASs operated will be have a gross weight less than 55 lbs. and will be
flown at speeds less than 87 knots (100 mph). They do not carry a pilot or passengers, do not carry
flammable fuels and will be operated in well-defined locations using an operator and, if deemed required
by Fovea Aero Systems LLC, a visual observer(s). All operations will be conducted in compliance with
the limitations and conditions stated in this petition for exemption. The Federal Aviation Act and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement of an
airworthiness certificate upon consideration of the sUASs' size, weight, speed, operational capability and
proximity to airports and populated areas.

The characteristics and conditions under which the sUASs will be operated, as outlined in this petition,
given the size, weight, speed, operation capability and proximity to airports and populated areas, achieve
or exceed the equivalent level of safety over a manned aircraft with an airworthiness certificate used for
the purposes outlined in this petition.

The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filing of Certificates of Waiver or
Authorizations (COA) and, if deemed required by the FAA, the filing of Notices to Airman (NOTAMS)
not more than 72 hours, but not less than 48 hours, prior to conducting operations under this grant of
exemption.

The FAA has stated that no exemption is required from this section if a finding is made under the
Reform Act that an sUAS provides an equivalent level of safety when compared to aircraft normally
used for the same application. See granted exemptions 11138, 11062, 11067, 11080, 11114 and 11112.
                                                                                                                                                                   Page 9

B. 14 C.F.R § 45.23 (b) ­ Display of marks; general.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. § 45.32 (b) states: "...the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches
high, the words `limited,' `restricted,' `light-sport,' `experimental,' or `provisional,' as applicable."

Equivalent level of safety: These sUAS does not have a "cabin, cockpit or pilot station entrance" therefore
the required marks cannot be displayed "near each entrance." Additionally, letters not less than 2 inches
nor more than 6 inches may not be practical given the small size of the sUAS. If the sUAS is too small
to display markings in the size described in regulation § 45.23 (b), then markings will be displayed in
the largest practicable manner.

C. 14 C.F.R. § 45.25 ­ Location of marks on fixed winged aircraft.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. 45.25 describes the marking requirements on fixed winged aircraft. It states that
the aircraft, "...must display the required marks on either the vertical tail surfaces or the sides of the
fuselage...". It continues to describe the specific locations on which marks may be displayed.

Equivalent level of safety: An sUAS does not carry a pilot or passengers, does not have a cabin and may
have a design that is significantly different than traditional manned aircraft. As such, the markings
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 45.25 may not be feasible given the design and layout of the aircraft. To
provide an equivalent level of safety, the sUAS will display required markings on conspicuous locations
of the aircraft.

D. 14 C.F.R. § 45.27 (a) ­ Location of marks; nonfixed-wing aircraft.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. 45.27 (a) states: "Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft
horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by §45.23."

Equivalent level of safety: An sUAS does not carry a pilot or passengers, does not have a cabin and may
have a design that is significantly different than traditional manned aircraft. As such, the markings
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 45.25 may not be feasible given the design and layout of the aircraft. To
provide an equivalent level of safety, the sUAS will display required markings on conspicuous locations
of the aircraft.

E. 14 C.F.R. § 45.29 ­ Size of marks.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. 45.29 describes the required size of marks and the characteristic of lettering for
aircraft. In many cases it dictates that marks must be at least 12 inches high.

Equivalent level of safety: An sUAS is, by definition, significantly smaller and may have a design and
layout significantly different than traditional manned aircraft. As such, the size and layout of markings
as stated in 14 C.F.R. § 45.29 may not be feasible due to the inherent characteristics of sUASs. To
provide an equivalent level of safety, the sUAS will display required markings on conspicuous locations
of the aircraft. If the aircraft is too small to display markings in standard size, then the aircraft will
display markings in the largest practicable manner.
                                                                                                                                                                 Page 10

F. 14 C.F.R § 61.113 (a) & (b) and 14 C.F.R. § 61.133 (a) - Private pilot privileges and
     limitations; pilot in command; commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 restricts private pilots from flying aircraft for compensation or hire and
would require a second class medical certificate. Regulation 14 C.F.R. § 61.133 requires a pilot to hold a
commercial pilot's license when acting as pilot in command of an aircraft used for compensation or hire.
This is intended to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC matches the airspace in which the
PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the pilot is carry passengers or cargo for hire.

Equivalent level of safety: Fovea Aero Systems LLC sUASs will be operated as part of a commercial
operation, however they do not carry passengers or cargo. Additionally, they remain below 500 feet
AGL, are operated at less than 87 knots (100 mph), will not be operated over non-participating
individuals, are under 55 lbs. and do not carry flammable fuel. In FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the
FAA determined that sUAS operations did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions imposed by
requiring the operator to have a commercial pilot certificate and class II medical certificate.

Fovea Aero Systems LLC's operators will posses at least a private pilot certificate and a valid class III
medical certificate. Additionally, the operators will attend sUAS specific training either at a third party
location or through a custom designed in-house program specifically tailored to Fovea Aero Systems
LLC's operations, sUASs and operating environment. This program will be developed using input and
guidance from currently operating sUAS training programs and will follow industry standard processes
and procedures. The program will consist of industry standard ground based and hands on training in a
controlled flight environment.

Section 333 also requires operations to not pose a threat to national security. The security screening
conducted by the Transportation Security Administration ("TSA") of certificated airmen satisfies this
requirement and applies to all Fovea Aero Systems LLC's operators.

Using these processes, procedures and restrictions, the level of safety of sUAS operations for the uses as
outlined herein is equivalent to or significantly exceed those as regulated by §61.113 and §61.133.

G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a) ­ Civil aircraft airworthiness.

The regulations states: "No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition."

Equivalent level of safety: The FAA has stated that no exemption is required to the extent that the
requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable. Fovea Aero Systems LLC requests that the
requirements for § 91.7 be treated in accordance with FAR Part 21 Subpart H. Additionally, Fovea
Aero Systems LLC operators will inspect the aircraft prior to flight in order to ensure it is in a condition
that is safe for flight. See granted exemption 11062.

H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2) & (c) ­ Approved flight manual in the aircraft.

Regulation 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2) states: "No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... For
which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is
available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof."
                                                                                                                                                                 Page 11

Regulation 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (c) states: "No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that
aircraft is identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter."

Equivalent level of safety: Fovea Aero Systems LLC requests an exemption from this regulation in part as
outlined in the request for exemption from regulation 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b). An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by maintaining the proper documentation at the location of the Ground
Control Station readily available to the operator. This includes the sUAS operation manual as provided
by the manufacturer or equivalent documents as created by Fovea Aero Systems LLC.

Additionally, the FAA, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014,
the UAS flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the operator during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS operations,
this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations. See granted exemption 11062.

I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103 ­ Preflight action.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103 requires the PIC to become familiar with specific information before each flight,
including information contained in the FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft.

Equivalent level of safety: The sUAS does not have a Flight Manual on board because of its inherent
design and lack of on board pilot. The operator will review information prior to flight to maintain the
safety of the operation, including but not limited to, the weather, battery levels, landing and takeoff
distances and aircraft performance data. The operator will refer to the manufacturer supplied sUAS
manual for technical data and information as provided. The manual will be kept at the ground station
during operations.

The FAA has stated that no exemption is required (see Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20) however,
an exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-approved Flight Manual is required.

J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.105 - Flight crewmembers at stations.

This section contains requirements for crewmembers during takeoff and landing of the aircraft. The
regulation requires crewmembers to be at the crewmember's station unless absence is necessary to
perform their duties. It also requires crewmembers to keep safety belt(s), including their shoulder
harness if so equipped, fastened.

sUASs do not carry pilots or passengers and therefore do not have a "crewmember station." However
sUASs do have a Ground Control Station from which an operator controls the aircraft via radio signals.
The Ground Control Station may be at a fixed location or may be movable. However, because it is not a
physical part of the aircraft, the Ground Control Station may not have a seat(s) and does not utilize
safety belts.

Visual observers, when deemed necessary by Fovea Aero Systems LLC, may be at various locations in
the vicinity of the flight operations area in order to provide the best line of sight view of the sUAS
during flight. The visual observers may or may not be at a fixed location and may or may not utilize a
seat. The seat will not be equipped with safety belts.
                                                                                                                                                                 Page 12

Equivalent level of safety: The sUAS operator will remain at the Ground Control Station where the
control of the aircraft takes place for the duration of the flight. Visual observers, when deemed
necessary by Fovea Aero Systems LLC, will be positioned in the flight operations area according to the
operator's determination of the optimal viewing area given the planned flight. The use of safety belts is
not feasible because the crewmember stations are not physically a part of the aircraft and are not in
motion.

K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109 (a) ­ Flight instruction.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109 (a) states that, "No person my operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon)
that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." sUASs
do not have functioning dual controls by design. They are piloted using a Flight Control System /
Ground Control Station that communicates with the aircraft via radio signals.

Equivalent level of safety: During flight instruction, there are no pilots or passengers on the aircraft and
the Ground Control Station will be a safe distance from the aircraft. The aircraft will remain a safe
distance from non-participating individuals causing no safety hazard.

Given the size and speed of the sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training can be performed without dual
controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the aircraft and it is a safe distance from the public
and structures.

The FAA has previously approved exemptions for flight training without dual controls for a number of
aircraft. See Granted Exemptions: 11109, 11138 and 11110.

L. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119 ­ Minimum safe altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes that an aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle or structure. The nature of the operations described herein may require operation in
relatively close proximity to items such as power line towers or poles. However, operations will not be
conducted over non-participating individuals.

Equivalent level of safety: The sUASs operated by Fovea Aero Systems LLC are far smaller than manned
aircraft, such as rotorcraft and fixed winged aircraft, used for similar operations. Additionally, the
sUASs do not carry a pilot or passengers, weigh less than 55 lbs., do not carry flammable fuel, will not
exceed 87 knots (100 mph) and will not be operated over non-participating persons. The sUASs will be
operated below 500 feet AGL with the use of an operator and, if determined to be required by Fovea
Aero Systems LLC, a visual observer(s) to avoid risk to aircraft, persons and property. This provides an
equivalent or greater level of safety than achieved with conventional aircraft currently performing
similar operations.

See Granted Exemptions: 4063, 11138, 11136, 11112, 11110, 11109, 11080, 11066, 11063, 11062 and
11067.
                                                                                                                                                                 Page 13

M. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 requires an aircraft to be operated by reference to an altimeter that is set to the
elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure when operating below 18,000 feel MSL. Some
sUAS contain a barometric pressure sensor. Others utilize GPS sensors to determine altitude.
Typically barometric pressure sensors are corrected to the point of takeoff; not a departure airport.

Equivalent level of safety: The operator will confirm the elevation of the launch site prior to launch. This
will be compared to the GPS sensor or barometric sensor derived altitude as displayed on the sUAS
telemetry reading at the Ground Control Station. The operator will then determine the maximum
permissible altitude to maintain flight below 500 feet AGL and will not exceed this altitude. The
maximum permissible altitude will also be monitored and estimated by visual means through the use of
the operator and / or visual observer(s) as a secondary backup to sUAS telemetry data. This provides a
level a safety equal to or exceeding the regulation.

See Granted Exemptions: 11153, 11150, 11138, 11136 and 11159.

N. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a)(1) & (b) ­ Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a) (1) states: "No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least
30 minutes..."

14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (b) states: "No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes."

The sUAS will be operated only during daylight hours in VFR conditions. The technical limitations of
most sUASs limit total flight time to approximately 30 minutes before the battery is depleted. This
means that no meaningful flight time would be possible given the limitations of § 91.151 (a) (1) and (b).

Equivalent level of safety: The sUAS flight will be terminated with at least 20% reserve power. This
allows the sUAS to return to its landing zone with adequate power remaining to conduct a safe and
controlled landing. Given the sUAS's size, weight and speed, the sUAS when operated with this
limitation provides an equivalent or greater level of safety than manned aircraft represented by this
regulation.

See Granted Exemptions: 2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808, 11138, 11136, 11112, 10650 and 10159.

O. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b) ­ Carry civil aircraft certification and registration.

The regulation states: (a) "...no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and
current airworthiness certificate." Furthermore: (b) "No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew."
                                                                                                                                                                 Page 14

Equivalent level of safety: In regard to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 Part (a), an equivalent level of safety is achieved
through the methods and characteristics as outlined in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.

In regard to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 Part (b), the sUAS does not carry a pilot or passengers, does not have a
"cabin or cockpit entrance" and does not have onboard storage in which to carry certification and
registration documents. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining the proper
documentation at the Ground Control Station readily available to the operator. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation. See granted exemptions 9565A, 9565B, 9789, 9789A, 9797,
9797A, 9816A and 9816.

Additionally, the FAA, in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014,
the UAS flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the operator during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS operations,
this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations. See granted exemption 11062.

P. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(l), 91.409 (a)(2), 91.417 (a) & (b) ­ Maintenance
     inspections.

The regulations 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405 (a), 91.407 (a)(1), 91.409 (a)(2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. Specifically, 14 C.F.R. § 91.405
(a) requires that each owner or operator of an aircraft, "...[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspection ... have discrepancies repaired
as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." An exemption is required from these regulations because Part
43 and these sections apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the sUASs will not
have.

Equivalent level of safety: The sUASs will be maintained and inspected in accordance with the
manufacturer-supplied manual. This includes maintenance, overhaul, replacement and inspection
requirements for the sUASs. The operator, prior to the first flight of the day and as deemed necessary
otherwise, will undertake preflight inspection procedures in order to ensure the sUAS is in a condition
for safe operation. Discrepancies that may affect the safety of flight will be addressed and repaired if
required. The operator, and Fovea Aero Systems LLC, will maintain the sUASs in a condition for safe
operation. Given the size, characteristics and operating limitations of sUASs as described herein, this
provides a level of safety equivalent to or greater than manned aircraft performing similar operations.
