July 28, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12205
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1873

Mr. Nicholas Flom
FP AeroSolutions, LLC
1560 49th Avenue South
Grand Forks, ND 58201

Dear Mr. Flom:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of FP AeroSolutions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, FP AeroSolutions, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, FP AeroSolutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phantom 2 Vision+
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May  10,  2015  
  
Docket  Operations,  M-30  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  (DOT)  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE  
Room  W12-140,  West  Building  Ground  Floor  
Washington,  D.C.  20590-0001  
  
RE:  Petition  to  the  FAA  for  Section  333  Exemption  
  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:  
  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  hereby  submits  to  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration,  
pursuant  to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  an  exemption  for  
petition,  in  accordance  with  Section  333  of  the  Act.  
  
This  letter  provides  requested  information  as  listed  in  the  FAA's  "Public  Guidance  
for  Petitions  for  Exemptions  Filed  under  Section  333".  
  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  Background:  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  is  comprised  of  professionals  who  are  ATP  rated  and  have  
provided  aviation  solutions  for  15  years.  The  backgrounds  include  experience  as  an  
Assistant  Chief  Flight  Instructor  for  the  largest  collegiate  flight  school  in  the  world  
and  Director  of  Safety  for  an  FAA  designated  UAS  Test  Site.  
  
Purpose  for  the  Exemption  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  requested  exemption  would  permit  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  to  
operate  SUASs  under  controlled  conditions  in  airspace  that  is  (1)  limited  (2)  
predetermined  (3)  controlled  as  to  access,  and  (4)  would  provide  safety  
enhancements  to  the  already  safe  operations  of  those  aircraft  of  similar  size,  weight,  
speed,  and  operating  capability.    
  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  exemption  request  would  permit  its  commercial  operation  of  
SUAS  for  aerial  photography  and  videography  in  tightly  controlled  and  limited  
airspace.  Aerial  photography  and  videography  services  will  be  offered  to  
homeowners,  realtors,  builders,  contractors,  and/or  inspectors  for  use  in,  but  not  
limited  to,  real  estate  marketing  and  safer  inspections  of  home  and  building  
exteriors.  All  operations  will  be  conducted  on  private  property  and  with  the  written  
and/or  oral  permission  of  the  property  owner(s).  Operations  will  always  be  
conducted  in  areas  that  are  clear  of  all  people,  except  the  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  
hanazda  trhde  t  Voi  ususearls  O  obfs  tehreve  nra.t  Siounchal  o  apiresrpaaticoen  ssy  wstiellm  en  osru  trhee  t  phuatb  tlihce.  F  SPU  AASer  woSilol  lnuottio  cnrse,a  LteLC  a    
operation  will  not  differ  significantly  from  the  situation  described  in  Grant  of  
Exemption  No.  11191  (Singler's  Creations).  

  

                                                     1  
  
Contact  Information  

         Nicholas  Flom  
         FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  
         1560  49th  Ave  S  
         Grand  Forks,  ND  58201  
         Mobile:  701-610-3434  
         Email:  nicholasflom@aol.com  

List  of  Specific  Section  of  14  CFR  for  which  exemption  is  sought:  

The  listing  matches  the  list  on  page  7  of  the  FAA's  "Public  Guidance  for  Petitions  
Filed  Under  Section  333",  Rev.  9/25/2014  

14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H  ­  Airworthiness  Certificates  

14  CFR  61.113  (a)  and  (b),  Certification:  Pilots,  Flight  Instructors,  and  Ground  
Instructors  

14  CFR  91.7(a),  Airworthiness  required  for  operation  

14  CFR  91.105,  Flight  crewmembers  at  stations  

14  CFR  91.119(c),  Minimum  safe  altitudes  

14  CFR  91.121,  Altimeter  settings  

14  CFR  91.151,  Fuel  requirements  for  flights  in  VFR  conditions  

14  CFR  91.405  (a),  Maintenance  required  

14  CFR  91.407  (a)(1),  Operations  after  maintenance  

14  CFR  91.409  (a)(1)  and  (2),  Inspections  

14  CFR  91.417  (a)  and  (b)  ,  Maintenance  records  

Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  grants  the  Secretary  authority  to  determine  (1)  if  an  
unmanned  aircraft  system,  as  a  result  of  its  size,  weight,  speed,  operational  
capability,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas,  and  operation  within  visual  
line  of  sight  (VLOS)  does  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public  or  
pose  a  threat  to  national  security,  and  (2)  whether  a  certificate  of  waiver,  certificate  
of  authorization,  or  airworthiness  certification  under  49  USC  44704  is  required  for  
the  operation  of  civil  (non-  governmental)  UASs.  Therefore,  if  the  Secretary  
determines  that  such  vehicles  may  operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace  system,  
tthhee    nSeactiroentaarly  a i srhsaplalc  ees t saybsltiesmh  .r  e   quirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  in  

                                                     2  
Operation  Overview    

FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC's  SUASs  are  quadcopters,  weighing  3  or  fewer  lbs.  (including  
payload).  The  SUASs  have  the  capability  to  hover  and  move  in  the  vertical  and  
horizontal  planes  simultaneously.  They  will  operate  only  in  visual  line  of  slight  
(VLOS)  and  will  operate  only  in  tightly  controlled  and  limited  airspace.  They  are  
capable  of  operating  at  speeds  of  up  to  29  knots,  but  will  be  routinely  operated  at  
much  lower  speeds.  They  will  routinely  be  operated  below  200  feet  above  ground  
level  (AGL),  and  never  above  400  feet  AGL.    

Aircraft    

FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  operates  Phantom  2  Vision+  (Phantom)  SUASs  manufactured  
by  DJI,  a  well-known  leader  in  quadcopter  technology.  DJI  strives  to  bring  new  
perspectives  to  aerial  work  and  help  companies  accomplish  feats  safer,  faster,  and  
with  greater  efficiency.  They  have  an  unparalleled  commitment  to  R&D,  a  culture  of  
constant  innovation,  and  a  focus  on  transforming  complex  technology  into  easy-to-
use  devices.    

The  standard  Phantom  quadcopter  package  includes  the  Phantom  itself,  camera,  
gimbal,  propulsion  system,  flight  control  system,  5.8  GHz  remote  controller,  and  2.4  
GHz  Wi-Fi  communication  system.  The  remote  uses  a  5.8  GHz  frequency  to  prevent  
interference  with  the  video/telemetry  channel.  This  second  channel  allows  for  a  
constant  connection  with  the  Phantom  to  monitor  it  via  a  smartphone  that  is  
attached  to  the  remote  controller.    

The  Phantom  is  about  1  foot  square  in  size.  It  has  a  maximum  ascent  speed  of  11  
knots,  a  maximum  descent  speed  of  3  knots,  and  a  maximum  flight  speed  of  29  
Tknhoet  tso. t Walh  wileei  ogphet r (ainticnlugd  winitgh  tihne  V  pLaOySlo,  tahde)  r  iesm  2.o5t5e  l  cbosn.  t   r  ol  has  a  range  of  2,624  feet.  

The  Phantom  is  equipped  with  a  DJI  Naza-M  V2  flight  control  system.  This  provides  
for  incredible  ease  of  use  and  stability.  Pilots  can  control  the  Phantom's  movements  
in  many  directions  ­  including  pitch  (forward  and  backward),  roll  (left  and  right),  
elevator  (up  and  down),  and  yaw  (turn  left  or  right).  The  flight  control  system  can  
also  provide  Intelligent  Orientation  Control  (IOC),  failsafe,  battery  level  warnings,  
and  show  the  aircraft's  current  heading,  direction,  and  approximate  distance  from  
home  on  the  on-screen  radar.  The  built-  in  GPS  system  aids  in  stabilizing  the  aircraft  
and  automatically  and  safely  returns  it  back  to  its  home  point  in  any  case  where  
communication  between  the  remote  control  and  quadcopter  are  lost.    

The  Inertial  Measurement  Unit  (IMU)  has  a  built-in  inertial  sensor  and  a  barometric  
altimeter  that  measures  both  attitude  (ATTI)  and  altitude.  The  inertial  measurement  
tells  the  Phantom  how  it's  tilted.  And  the  gyros  tell  it  if  it's  rotating  in  any  particular  
direction.    

The  Phantom's  compass  reads  geomagnetic  information  and  assists  the  Global  

                                                     3  
Positioning  System  (GPS)  to  accurately  calculate  the  position  and  height  of  the  
aircraft.  The  vertical  hover  accuracy  is  +/-  2.6  ft.  The  horizontal  hover  accuracy  is  
+/-  8.2  ft.    

The  Phantom  has  LED  flight  indicators  beneath  each  of  its  four  rotor  arms.  The  LEDs  
illuminate  to  indicate  the  status  of  the  flight  control  system  and  alert  the  PIC  of  any  
possible  issues.    

Such  highly  advanced  capabilities  will  ensure  that  the  SUASs  can  be  safely  operated  
and  "not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public."6    

Equivalent  Level  of  Safety    

In  an  effort  to  join  the  FAA  in  its  mission  to  provide  the  safest,  most  efficient  
aerospace  system  in  the  world  and  to  minimize  the  risk  to  the  NAS  or  to  persons  and  
property  on  the  ground,  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  agrees  to  be  bound  by  the  following  
limitations  and  conditions  when  conducting  commercial  operations  under  an  FAA  
issued  exemption:    

A. For  the  purposes  of  ensuring  SUASs  will  be  operated  within  the  standards  that  
    the  FAA  has  allowed  in  the  AMA  National  Model  Aircraft  Safety  Code  
    (Attachment:  "AmaSafetyCode.pdf"  document.  ):    
         1. SUASs  will  not  be  flown:    

                                a. In  a  careless  or  reckless  manner.      

                                b. At  a  location  where  SUAS  activities  are  prohibited.      

         2. SUAS  pilots  will:    

                  a. Yield  the  right  of  way  to  all  human-carrying  aircraft.      

                  b. See  and  avoid  all  aircraft  and  a  spotter  must  be  used  when  
                           appropriate.      

                  c. Not  fly  higher  than  400  feet  above  ground  level  or  within  three  
                           (3)  miles    of  an  airport  without  notifying  the  airport  operator.      

                  d. Not  interfere  with  operations  and  traffic  patterns  at  any  
                           airport,  heliport  or  seaplane  base  except  where  there  is  a  
                           mixed  use  agreement.      

                  e. Not  exceed  a  takeoff  weight  of  55  pounds  (including  payload).      

                  f. Ensure  the  aircraft  is  identified  by  affixing  the  owner's  contact  

                                                     4  
                  information  to  the  outside  of  the  SUAS.      

         g. Not  operate  SUASs  while  under  the  influence  of  alcohol  or  
                  while  using  any  drug  that  could  adversely  affect  the  PIC's  
                  ability  to  safely  control  the  model.      

         h. Not  operate  SUASs  carrying  pyrotechnic  devices  that  explode  
                  or  burn,  or  any  device  which  propels  a  projectile  or  drops  any  
                  object  that  creates  a  hazard  to  persons  or  property.      

3. SUASs  will  not  be  flown  unless:    
         a. The  aircraft,  control  system  and  pilot  skills  have  successfully  
                  demonstrated  all  maneuvers  intended  or  anticipated  prior  to  
                  the  specific  event.      
         b. An  inexperienced  pilot  is  assisted  by  an  experienced  pilot.      

4. All  pilots  shall  avoid  flying  directly  over  unprotected  people,  vessels,  
    vehicles  or  structures  and  shall  avoid  endangerment  of  life  and  property  
    of  others.    

5. A  successful  radio  equipment  ground-range  check  in  accordance  with  
    manufacturer's  recommendations  will  be  completed  before  the  first  flight  
    of  a  new  or  repaired  model  aircraft.      

6. SUASs  must  use  the  radio-control  frequencies  currently  allowed  by  the  
    Federal  Communications  Commission  (FCC).      

7. SUASs  will  not  knowingly  operate  within  three  (3)  miles  of  any  pre-
    existing  flying  site  without  a  frequency-management  agreement.      

8. Excluding  takeoff  and  landing,  no  SUASs  may  be  flown  outdoors  closer  
    than  25  feet  to  any  individual,  except  for  the  PIC  and  the  Visual  Observer  
    (VO)  located  at  the  takeoff  site.    

9. Under  no  circumstances  may  a  pilot  or  other  person  touch  a  SUAS  in  
    flight  while  it  is  still  under  power,  except  to  divert  it  from  striking  an  
    individual.      

10. The  PIC  of  the  SUAS  shall:    

         a. Maintain  control  during  the  entire  flight,  maintaining  visual  
                  contact  without  enhancement  other  than  by  corrective  lenses  
                  prescribed  for  the  pilot.      

         b. Fly  using  the  assistance  of  a  camera  or  First-Person  View  (FPV)  
                  only  in  accordance  with  the  procedures  outlined  in  AMA  
                  Document  #550.      

         c. Fly  using  the  assistance  of  autopilot  or  stabilization  system  
                  only  in  accordance  with  the  procedures  outlined  in  AMA  
                  Document  #560.      

                                            5  
         11. The  flying  area  must  be  clear  of  all  utility  wires  or  poles  and  an  SUAV  will  
             not  be  flown  closer  than  50  feet  to  any  above-ground  electric  utility  lines.  
                 

         12. The  flying  area  must  be  clear  before  the  engine  is  started,  except  for  PIC  
             and  the  VO.      

      
B. In  addition  to  the  above  rules  outlined  by  the  AMA  National  Model  Aircraft  

    Safety  Code  and  in  an  effort  to  enhance  the  safety  offered  by  the  already  safe  
    operations  mentioned  above,  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  also  agrees  to  be  bound  by  
    the  following  limitations  and  conditions:    

         1. Operations  authorized  by  this  petition  for  exemption  are  limited  to  the  
             following  aircraft  described  in  the  operating  documents  which  is  the  DJI  
             Phantom  2  Vision  +  Unmanned  Aircraft  System,  a  quad  rotor  aircraft  with  
             a  maximum  takeoff  weight  of  less  than  6  pounds.  Proposed  operations  of  
             any  other  aircraft  will  require  a  new  petition  or  a  petition  to  amend  this  
             grant.      

         2. UAS  operations  under  this  petition  are  limited  to  aerial  photography  and  
             videography  services  will  be  offered  to  homeowners,  realtors,  builders,  
             contractors,  and/or  inspectors  for  use  in,  but  not  limited  to,  real  estate  
             marketing  and  safer  inspections  of  home  and  building  exteriors.    

         3. The  UA  will  not  be  flown  at  an  indicated  airspeed  exceeding  29  knots  (15  
             m/s).      

         4. The  UA  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  above  
             ground  level  (AGL),  as  indicated  by  the  procedures  specified  in  the  
             operating  documents.  All  altitudes  reported  to  ATC  must  be  in  feet  AGL.      

         5. The  UA  will  be  operated  within  visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  of  the  PIC  at  all  
             times.  This  requires  the  PIC  to  be  able  to  use  human  vision  unaided  by  
             any  device  other  than  corrective  lenses,  as  specified  on  the  PIC's  FAA-
             issued  airman  medical  certificate.      

         6. All  operations  will  utilize  a  VO.  The  VO  will  be  used  to  satisfy  the  VLOS  
             requirement  as  long  as  the  PIC  always  maintains  VLOS  capability.  The  VO  
             and  PIC  will  be  able  to  communicate  verbally  at  all  times.  Electronic  
             messaging  or  texting  will  not  be  permitted  during  flight  operations.  The  
             PIC  will  be  designated  before  the  flight  and  cannot  transfer  his  or  her  
             designation  for  the  duration  of  the  flight.        

         7. The  VO  will  not  perform  any  other  duties  beyond  assisting  the  PIC  with  
             seeing  and  avoiding  other  air  traffic  and  other  ground  based  
             obstacles/obstructions  and  is  not  permitted  to  operate  the  camera  or  

                                                     6  
    other  instruments.      

8. The  operating  documents  will  be  accessible  during  UAS  operations  and  
    made  available  to  the  Administrator  upon  request.  The  operator  will  
    follow  the  procedures  as  outlined  in  its  operating  documents.  The  
    operator  may  update  or  revise  its  operating  documents.  It  is  the  
    responsibility  of  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  to  track  such  revisions  and  
    present  updated  and  revised  documents  to  the  Administrator  upon  
    request.  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  will  also  present  updated  and  revised  
    documents  if  it  petitions  for  extension  or  amendment.  If  FP  
    AeroSolutions,  LLC  determines  that  any  update  or  revision  would  affect  
    the  basis  upon  which  the  FAA  granted  this  exemption,  then  FP  
    AeroSolutions,  LLC  will  petition  for  amendment  to  their  exemption.  The  
    FAA's  UAS  Integration  Office  (AFS-80)  will  be  contacted  if  questions  arise  
    regarding  updates  or  revisions  to  the  operating  documents.      

9. Prior  to  each  flight  the  PIC  will  inspect  the  UAS  to  ensure  it  is  in  a  
    condition  for  safe  flight.  If  the  inspection  reveals  a  condition  that  affects  
    the  safe  operation  of  the  UAS,  the  aircraft  is  prohibited  from  operating  
    until  the  necessary  maintenance  has  been  performed  and  the  UAS  is  
    found  to  be  in  a  condition  for  safe  flight.  The  Ground  Control  Station  will  
    be  included  in  the  preflight  inspection.  All  maintenance  and  alterations  
    will  be  properly  documented  in  the  aircraft  records.      

10. Any  UAS  that  has  undergone  maintenance  or  alterations  that  affect  the  
    UAS  operation  or  flight  characteristics,  e.g.  replacement  of  a  flight  critical  
    component,  must  undergo  a  functional  test  flight  in  accordance  with  the  
    operating  documents.  The  PIC  who  conducts  the  functional  test  flight  will  
    make  an  entry  in  the  UAS  aircraft  records  of  the  flight.  The  requirements  
    and  procedures  for  a  functional  test  flight  and  aircraft  record  entry  will  
    be  added  to  the  operating  documents.      

11. The  preflight  inspection  section  in  the  operating  documents  will  be  
    amended  to  include  the  following  requirement:  The  preflight  inspection  
    will  account  for  all  discrepancies,  i.e.  inoperable  components,  items,  or  
    equipment,  not  covered  in  the  relevant  preflight  inspection  sections  of  
    the  operating  documents.      

12. The  operator  will  follow  the  manufacturer's  UAS  aircraft/component,  
    maintenance,  overhaul,  replacement,  inspection,  and  life  limit  
    requirements,  with  particular  attention  to  flight  critical  components  that  
    may  not  be  addressed  in  the  manufacturer's  manuals.      

13. The  operator  will  carry  out  their  maintenance,  inspections,  and  record  
    keeping  requirements,  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.  

                                            7  
    Maintenance,  inspection,  and  alterations  will  be  noted  in  the  aircraft  
    logbook,  including  total  flight  hours,  description  of  work  accomplished,  
    and  the  signature  of  the  authorized  UAS  technician  returning  the  UAS  to  
    service.    

14. Each  UAS  operated  will  comply  with  all  manufacturer  Safety    Bulletins.      

15. An  authorized  person  will  make  a  record  entry  in  the  aircraft  record  of  
    the  corrective  action  taken  against  discrepancies  discovered  between  
    inspections.      

16. Qualification  for  the  Pilot  in  Command  

         a. Certifications:  Operations  will  be  conducted  by  a  Pilot  in  
             Command  (PIC)  possessing  at  least  a  private  pilot  certificate  and  at  
             least  a  third-class  medical  certificate.  

         b. Logged  Hours:  Prior  to  operations  the  PIC  will  have  accumulated  
             and  logged  20  flights  or  log  20  hours  of  flight  time  (the  greater  of  
             the  two)  with  the  Phantom.      

         c. Currency:  The  PIC  will  have  accomplished,  during  dedicated  
             training  sessions,  3  take-offs  and  landings  in  the  preceding  90  days  
             (for  currency  purposes).  

         d. Flight  Training:    

              i. Successfully  learn  and  demonstrate  all  flight  maneuvers  in  the  
                  "Phantom  Pilot  Training  Guide".  (Attachment:  
                  "PhantomTrainingGuide.pdf"  document).      

             ii. Study  and  be  familiar  with  all  sections  of  the  "Phantom  2  
                  Vdoisciuomn+e  nUts)e. r       Manual".  (Attachment:  "PhantomUserManual.pdf"  

            iii. Study  and  be  familiar  with  all  sections  of  the  "Guide  to  the  
                  Phantom  2  Vision  &  Vision+".  (Attachment:  
                  "PhantomGuide.pdf"  document).  

            iv. Study,  be  familiar  with,  and  demonstrate  (where  possible)  the  
                  "Always  be  Prepared  for  the  Worst"  scenarios.  (See  "Always  be  
                  prepared  for  the  Worst"  on  page  13  of  the  attached  "Guide  to  
                  the  Phantom  2  Vision  &  Vision+").  

         e. Emergency  and  Evasive  Maneuvers:  The  PIC  will  have  
             demonstrated  the  ability  to  safely  operate  the  Phantom  in  a  
             manner  consistent  with  how  it  will  be  operated  in  for  actual  FP  
             AeroSolutions,  LLC  operations,  including  evasive  and  emergency  

                                            8  
             maneuvers  and  maintaining  appropriate  distances  from  people,  
             vessels,  vehicles  and  structures.  The  logged  hours  referenced  
             above  will  document  this.    

17. UAS  operations  will  not  be  conducted  during  night,  as  defined  in  14  CFR  §  
    1.1.  All  operations  will  be  conducted  under  visual  meteorological  
    conditions  (VMC).  Flights  under  special  visual  flight  rules  (SVFR)  are  not  
    authorized.      

18. The  UA  will  not  operate  within  5  nautical  miles  of  an  airport  reference  
    point  as  denoted  on  a  current  FAA-published  aeronautical  chart  unless  a  
    letter  of  agreement  with  that  airport's  management  is  obtained,  and  the  
    operation  is  conducted  in  accordance  with  a  NOTAM.  The  letter  of  
    agreement  with  the  airport  management  will  be  made  available  to  the  
    Administrator  upon  request.      

19. The  UA  will  not  be  operated  less  than  500  feet  below  or  less  than  2,000  
    feet  horizontally  from  a  cloud  or  when  visibility  is  less  than  3  statute  
    miles  from  the  PIC.          

20. If  the  UAS  loses  communications  or  loses  its  GPS  signal,  the  UA  will  return  
    to  a  predetermined  location  within  the  private  or  controlled-access  
    property  and  land  or  be  recovered  in  accordance  with  the  operating  
    documents.      

21. The  PIC  will  abort  the  flight  in  the  event  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or  
    emergencies  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.      

22. The  PIC  is  prohibited  from  beginning  a  flight  unless  (considering  wind  
    and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  at  normal  
    cruising  speed  to  the  intended  landing  point  and  land  the  UA  with  30%  
    battery  power  remaining  in  accordance  with  the  operating  documents.      

23. The  operator  will  obtain  an  Air  Traffic  Organization  (ATO)  issued  
    Certificate  of  Waiver  or  Authorization  (COA)  prior  to  conducting  any  
    operations  under  this  petition  for  exemption.    

24. All  aircraft  operated  in  accordance  with  this  petition  will  be  identified  by  
    serial  number,  registered  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  47,  and  have  
    identification  (N-  Number)  markings  in  accordance  with  14  CFR  part  45,  
    Subpart  C.  Markings  will  be  as  large  as  practicable.      

25. Before  conducting  operations,  the  radio  frequency  spectrum  used  for  
    operation  and  control  of  the  UA  will  comply  with  the  Federal  

                                            9  
    Communications  Commission  (FCC)  or  other  appropriate  government  
    oversight  agency  requirements.      

26. The  documents  required  under  14  CFR  §§  91.9  and  91.203  will  be  
    available  to  the  PIC  at  the  Ground  Control  Station  of  the  UAS  any  time  the  
    aircraft  is  operating.  These  documents  will  be  made  available  to  the  
    Administrator  or  any  law  enforcement  official  upon  request.      

27. The  UA  will  remain  clear  and  yield  the  right  of  way  to  all  other  aviation  
    operations  and  activities  at  all  times.      

28. The  UAS  will  not  be  operated  by  the  PIC  from  any  moving  device  or  
    vehicle.      

29. Flight  operations  will  be  conducted  at  least  500  feet  from  all  
    nonparticipating  persons  (persons  other  than  the  PIC  or  VO),  vessels,  
    vehicles,  and  structures  unless:        

    a. Barriers  or  structures  are  present  that  sufficiently  protect  
         nonparticipating  persons  from  debris  in  the  event  of  an  accident.  The  
         operator  will  ensure  that  nonparticipating  persons  remain  under  such  
         protection.  If  a  situation  arises  where  nonparticipating  persons  leave  
         such  protection  and  are  within  500  feet  of  the  UA,  flight  operations  
         will  cease  immediately  and/or;      

    b. The  aircraft  is  operated  near  vessels,  vehicles  or  structures  where  the  
         land  owner/controller  has  granted  permission  and  the  PIC  has  made  a  
         safety  assessment  of  the  risk  of  operating  closer  to  those  objects  and;      

    c. Operations  near  the  PIC  or  VO  do  not  present  an  undue  hazard  to  the  
         PIC  or  VO  per  §  91.119(a).      

30. All  operations  will  be  conducted  over  private  or  controlled-access  
    property  with  permission  from  the  property  owner/controller  or  
    authorized  representative.  Permission  from  property  owner/controller  
    or  authorized  representative  will  be  obtained  prior  to  the  beginning  of  
    every  flight.      

31. Any  incident,  accident,  or  flight  operation  that  transgresses  the  lateral  or  
    vertical  boundaries  of  the  operational  area  as  defined  by  the  applicable  
    COA  will  be  reported  to  the  FAA's  UAS  Integration  Office  (AFS-80)  within  
    24  hours.  Accidents  must  be  reported  to  the  National  Transportation  
    Safety  Board  (NTSB)  per  instructions  contained  on  the  NTSB  Web  site:  
    www.ntsb.gov.      

                                           10  
The  operation  of  SUASs,  weighing  less  than  3  lbs.,  conducted  in  the  strict  conditions  
as  outlined  above,  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  supporting  the  grant  of  
exemptions  requested  herein,  including  exempting  the  applicant  from  the  
requirements  of  Part  21  and  allowing  commercial  operations.    

These  lightweight  aircraft  operate  at  slow  speeds,  close  to  the  ground,  and  in  a  
tightly  controlled  environment.  As  a  result,  they  offer  a  much  safer  way  to  capture  
aerial  photography  and  videography.  Furthermore,  the  proposed  operations  
represent  a  safety  enhancement  to  the  already  safe  operations  that  have  been  
granted  by  the  FAA  for  the  establishment  of  the  AMA  National  Model  Aircraft  Safety  
Code.    

Preflight  Action  Plan    

The  PIC  will  follow  a  comprehensive  pre-flight  checklist  to  ensure  that  the  SUAS  is  in  
a  condition  for  safe  flight.  This  plan  will  be  improved  as  needed  in  order  to  ensure  
all  known  safety  precautions  and/or  safety  precautions  suggested  by  the  
manufacturer  are  being  accounted  for.    

A. Pre-flight  Inspection    
         1. Check  that  the  remote  control,  Phantom  battery,  range  extender,  and  
             smartphone  are  all  fully  charged.      
         2. Verify  that  the  Phantom  battery  is  not  swollen  or  damaged  in  any  way.  
             Clean  the  contact  needles  and  pads  if  necessary.      
         3. Turn  the  motor  shafts  with  your  fingers  and  verify  they  are  smooth  
             without  excessive  play  or  binding.      
         4. Verify  that  the  propellers  are  mounted  correctly.  Propellers  with  a  black  
             top  should  be  mounted  on  the  mount  shafts  that  have  a  black  dot.  
             Propellers  with  a  silver  top  should  be  mounted  on  the  mount  shafts  that  
             have  a  silver  dot.  Each  propeller  should  spin  all  the  way  down  onto  the  
             motor  shaft.      
         5. Run  finger  along  the  edge  of  edge  blade  to  check  for  any  rough  edges.      
         6. Flex  both  side  of  the  propellers'  blades  to  check  for  hairline  cracks  where  
             the  blades  connect  in  the  center  of  the  propeller.      
         7. Verify  that  the  landing  gear  is  secure  (not  cracked/broken/loose).      
         8. Verify  that  the  compass  and  compass  cable  is  firmly  attached  to  the  
             landing  gear.      
         9. Verify  that  the  Micro-SD  card  has  been  inserted  and  formatted.      
         10. Verify  that  the  damping  absorbers  are  not  broken  and/or  worn.      
         11. Verify  that  the  anti-drop  pins  are  in  place  and  locked.      
         12. Remove  the  Gimbal  guard  and  camera  lens  cap.      
         13. Verify  that  the  camera  is  secure  and  clean.  Inspect  the  camera  ribbon  
             cables  for  tears  and/or  signs  of  wear.      
         14. Verify  that  the  smartphone's  GPS  is  enabled.      
         15. Set  the  smartphone  to  do-not-disturb  mode  to  prevent  distractions  while  
             flying.      

                                                    11  
         16. Set  the  smartphone  to  forget  any  Wi-Fi  networks  in  range  in  order  to  
             prevent  the  Wi-Fi  connection  from  changing  mid-flight.    

         17. Verify  that  the  smartphone's  audio  is  on  to  ensure  the  low  battery  
             warning  and  other  alarms  can  be  heard.    

      
B. Power  Up    

         1. Verify  that  S1  and  S2  are  in  the  top  position  on  the  remote  control.      
         2. Power  on  the  equipment  in  the  following  sequential  order:    

                  a. Range  Extender  ("System"  is  blinking  green;  "Power"  is  solid  
                           green)      

                  b. Remote  Control  (2  beeps  to  indicate  it's  in  FCC  mode)      

                  c. Insert  and  start  the  Phantom  battery.      

         3. Watch  the  Phantom  LED  startup  sequence  for  abnormal  indications.  The  
             rear  LEDs  should  blink  green  for  at  least  10-15  seconds  to  indicate  that  it  
             locked  onto  6+  satellites  and  has  marked  the  home  point  (for  use  by  the  
             failsafe  feature).      

         4. Calibrate  the  Phantom's  compass.      
         5. Place  the  Phantom  on  an  open,  flat  ground  with  the  battery  indicators  

             facing  towards  the  PIC  at  least  10  feet  away.      
      
C. DJI  Vision  Application    

         1. Connect  the  smartphone  Wi-Fi  to  the  range  extender.      
         2. Launch  the  "DJI  Vision"  application  on  the  smartphone.      

                  a. Verify  that  the  Wi-Fi  connection  is  "Phantom-#####"  and  is  
                           marked  with  a  green  dot.      

                  b. Verify  the  number  of  satellites  is  6+.      

                  c. Verify  the  Wi-Fi  signal  strength.      

                  d. Verify  that  the  Phantom  and  range  extender  batteries  are  
                           reporting  a  full  charge.      

                  e. Verify  that  both  the  PIC's  and  Phantom's  location  is  the  same  
                           before  taking  off  to  ensure  the  home  point  has  been  accurately  
                           marked.      

                  f. Verify  the  location  of  the  Phantom  in  the  "Flight  Radar".  If  it's  
                           not  in  the  correct  position/direction  and/or  shows  a  distance  
                           of  "N/A",  it  did  not  mark  the  home  point.      

                                                    12  
                  g. Use  the  "Find  my  Phantom"  feature  to  ensure  the  blue  (home  
                           point  location)  and  red  (Phantom  location)  dots  are  in  the  
                           same  location  on  the  screen.      

D. Ready  to  Fly    
         1. Verify  that  the  remote  control  antenna  is  perpendicular  to  the  ground  
             (pointing  skyward).      
         2. Verify  that  the  front,  flat  face  of  the  range  extender  is  pointed  toward  the  
             Phantom.      
         3. Verify  that  the  rear  LEDs  are  still  slowly  blinking  green  and  still  
             connected  to  6+  satellites.      
         4. Start  the  Phantom  motors  using  the  CSC  command  on  the  remote  control.    
         5. Verify  that  the  motors  are  functioning  normally,  are  not  making  any  
             unusual  noises,  and  are  all  spinning  at  the  same  speed.      
         6. Verify  that  the  area  is  still  clear  of  obstructions,  people,  power  lines,  etc.      
         7. Take  off  and  hover  at  about  6-8  feet  above  the  takeoff  point  to  verify  that  
             the  Phantom  has  a  solid  GPS  lock.  If  any  abnormalities  are  noticed  
             (drifting,  flying  in  circles,  etc.),  land  immediately  and  repeat  the  "Pre-
             flight  Inspection"  and  "Power  Up"  sequences.      
         8. Verify  that  the  Phantom  holds  a  steady  position  while  yawing  360  
             degrees.      
         9. Verify  that  the  Phantom  response  appropriately  to  all  controls  ­  yaw  
             left/right,  pitch  forward/backward,  roll  left/right,  and  throttle  up/down.      

Preventative  Maintenance    

A  comprehensive  preventative  maintenance  plan  will  be  followed  in  order  to  ensure  
the  SUAS's  software  is  up-to-date,  the  batteries  are  in  good  health,  and  the  aircraft  
itself  is  always  ready  for  safe  flight.  (Attachment:  See  the  "Preventive  Maintenance  
Checklist"  on  page  41  of  the  attached  "PhantomGuide.pdf"  document).    

Public  Interest    

Granting  this  exemption  would  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole.  SUASs  offer  a  strong  
equivalent  level  of  safety,  a  reduction  in  environmental  impacts,  and  are  free  from  
the  harmful  emissions  associated  with  the  manned  aircraft  that  are  currently  used  
for  aerial  photography  and  videography.  Due  to  the  size  of  the  SUAS  and  the  tightly  
controlled  and  limited  airspace  in  which  the  SUAS  will  operate,  approval  of  this  
application  presents  no  risk  to  the  public.  Furthermore,  the  public  will  be  able  to  
legally  acquire  aerial  photography  and  videography  to  help  in,  but  not  limited  to,  
advertising  homes  for  sale,  advertising  uninhabited  home  lots,  use  of  photos  and  
video  as  an  aid  when  researching  homes  for  sale  on  the  market,  or  safely  accessing  
high  and/or  awkward  areas  of  a  home's  exterior  to  assess  damage  that  needs  to  be  
repaired.    

  

                                                    13  
Privacy    

Since  the  areas  being  photographed  or  filmed  will  be  on  private  property,  accessed  
only  after  given  written  and/or  oral  consent  by  the  property  owner(s),  and  clear  of  
all  people,  except  for  the  PIC  and  the  PIC's  helper(s),  approval  of  this  application  
presents  no  risk  to  the  public  privacy.    

National  Security    

Due  to  the  size  of  the  SUAS  and  the  tightly  controlled  and  limited  airspace  in  which  
the  SUAS  will  operate,  approval  of  this  application  presents  no  risk  to  national  
security.    

Requested  Exemptions    

FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  requests  exemption  from  the  following  regulations  since  it's  
not  possible  to  fully  comply  with  them,  and  since  attempting  to  follow  them  for  the  
purposes  of  operating  a  SUAS  would  be  a  burden:    

         Airworthiness  Certificates  

         14  CFR,  Subpart  H  

         Part  21  covers  certification  procedures  for  products  and  parts.  Subpart  H  
         specifies  requirements  for  Airworthiness  Certificates  for  various  aircraft  
         types.  Small  unmanned  aircraft  systems  are  not  specifically  called  out  and  
         addressed  in  these  rules.    FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  will,  in  lieu  of  airworthiness  
         certification  by  aforementioned  rule,  if  exemption  is  granted,  ensure  that  the  
         Phantom  2  Vision+  system  is  in  compliance  with  its  operating  documents  as  
         described  herein.  The  PIC  will  assure  that  all  Preflight  Checks  are  completed  
         and  documented  and  thee  is  full  compliance  with  all  manufacturer's  
         operation  and  maintenance  documents.    Due  to  consideration  of  the  size,  
         weight,  speed,  and  limited  operating  area  associated  with  FP  AeroSolutions,  
         LLC's  proposed  Phantom  2  Vision+,  we  believe  it  will  not  create  a  hazard  to  
         users  of  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS)  or  the  public.  Therefore,  a  
         request  is  made  for  exemption  from  14  CFR  part  21,  and  any  associated  noise  
         certification  and  testing  requirements  of  part  36.      

         Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command    

         14  CFR  61.113  (a)    

         Under  current  regulations,  civil  operations  for  compensation  or  hire  require  
         a  PIC  holding  a  commercial  pilot  certificate  per  14  CFR  Part  61.  Based  on  the  
         Private  Pilot  limitations  in  accordance  with  pertinent  parts  of  14  CFR  
         §61.113(a),  a  pilot  holding  a  Private  Pilot  certificate  cannot  act  as  a  PIC  of  an  
         aircraft  for  compensation  or  hire.  However,  in  Grant  of  Exemption  No.  11062  

                                                    14  
to  Astraeus  Aerial  (Astraeus),  the  FAA  determined  that  a  PIC  with  a  private  
pilot  certificate  operating  the  Astraeus  UAS  would  not  adversely  affect  
operations  in  the  NAS  or  present  a  hazard  to  persons  or  property  on  the  
ground.    

FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  operation  will  not  differ  significantly  from  the  
situation  described  in  Grant  of  Exemption  No.  11062  (Astraeus  Aerial).  FP  
AeroSolutions,  LLC  plans  to  operate  over  private  property  with  controlled  
access  in  the  NAS.  With  the  similar  nature  of  the  proposed  operating  
environment  to  that  of  Astraeus,  the  parallel  nature  of  Private  Pilot  
aeronautical  knowledge  requirements  to  those  of  commercial  requirements  
[ref:  Exemption  No.  11062],  and  the  airmanship  skills  necessary  to  operate  
the  UAS,  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  believes  that  the  additional  airmanship  
experience  of  a  commercially  certificated  pilot  would  not  correlate  to  the  
airmanship  skills  necessary  for  the  specific  proposed  operations.  Therefore,  
FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  PICs  will  hold  a  minimum  of  a  private  pilot  certificate  
and  a  third-class  airman  medical  certificate.  

Airworthiness  required  for  operation  

14  CFR  91.7(a)  

If  the  exemption  from  14  CFR  21,  Subpart  H  (item  1  above)  is  granted,  no  
airworthiness  certificate  will  be  required.  On  this  basis,  exemption  from  14  
CFR  91.7  (a)  is  requested,  presuming  that  airworthy  condition  by  definition  
in  the  rule  means  having  an  airworthiness  certificate.  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  
will,  in  lieu  of  airworthiness  certification  by  14  CFR  21,  ensure  that  the  
Phantom  2  Vision+  system  is  in  compliance  with  its  operating  documents  as  
described  herein.  The  PIC  will  assure  that  all  Preflight  Checks  are  completed  
and  documented  and  execute  full  compliance  with  all  manufacturer's  
operation  and  maintenance  documents.      

Flight  crewmember  at  stations  

14  CFR  91.105  

This  part  requires  certain  actions  by  onboard  crewmembers.  Since  the  
Phantom  is  unmanned,  an  exemption  from  this  rule  is  requested.  

Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  

14  CFR  91.119(c)  

This  regulation  requires  all  operation  to  remain  no  closer  than  500  feet  from  
persons,  vessels,  vehicles,  and  structures.  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  requires  
relief  from  §  91.119(c)  is  because  all  operations  will  be  conducted  below  400  
feet  AGL  and  may  be  operated  closer  than  500  feet  from  persons,  vessels,  

                                           15  
vehicles,  and  structures  as  described  above.    

Prior  to  conducting  UAS  specific  operations,  all  persons  not  essential  to  flight  
operations  (nonparticipating  persons)  must  remain  at  appropriate  distances.  
In  open  areas,  the  UA  will  remain  500  feet  from  all  persons  other  than  
essential  flight  personnel  (i.e.  the  PIC  and  VO).  If  barriers  or  structures  are  
present  that  can  sufficiently  protect  nonparticipating  persons  from  debris  in  
the  event  of  an  accident  then  the  UA  may  operate  closer  than  500  feet  to  
persons  afforded  such  protection.  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  will  ensure  that  
nonparticipating  persons  remain  under  such  protection.  If  a  situation  arises  
where  nonparticipating  persons  leave  such  protection  and  are  within  500  
feet  of  the  UA,  flight  operations  must  cease  immediately.  The  primary  
concern,  when  considering  how  to  immediately  cease  operations,  is  the  
safety  of  those  nonparticipating  persons.  Operations  may  be  conducted  
closer  than  500  feet  to  vessels,  vehicles  and  structures  when  the  land  
owner/controller  grants  such  permission  and  the  PIC  makes  a  safety  
assessment  of  the  risk  of  operating  closer  to  those  objects.    

Altimeter  settings    

14  CFR  91.121    

This  regulation  requires  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  to  maintain  
cruising  altitude  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set  "...to  the  elevation  of  
the  departure  airport  or  an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  
departure."  As  the  SUAS  may  not  have  a  barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  a  
GPS  altitude  read  out,  an  exemption  may  be  needed.  An  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  achieved  by  the  operator  by  confirming  the  altitude  of  the  
launch  site  shown  on  the  GPS  altitude  indicator  before  flight.    

Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions    

14  CFR  91.151  (a)    

This  regulation  prohibits  an  individual  from  beginning  "a  flight  in  an  airplane  
under  VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  
conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing,  
and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed  ­  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  
at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes."    

Similar  UAS-specific  relief  has  been  granted  an  Exemption  Nos.  8811,  10808,  
and  10673  for  daytime,  Visual  Flight  Rules  (VFR)  conditions.  FP  
AeroSolutions,  LLC  UAS  provides  low  battery  warnings  at  30%  capacity  that  
indicate  the  PIC  must  command  the  UA's  return  to  the  launch  point  when  low  
battery  capacity  voltage  is  reached.  The  UAS  also  provides  critical  low  
battery  warnings  at  15%  battery  capacity  indicating  that  the  UA  will  begin  to  
descend  and  land  automatically.  These  factors  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  

                                           16  
         safety  by  prohibiting  the  from  beginning  a  flight  unless  (considering  wind  
         and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  at  normal  
         cruising  speed  to  the  intended  landing  point  and  land  the  UA  with  30%  
         battery  power  remaining.    

         Maintenance  Inspections    

         14  CFR  91.405  (a);  14  CFR  91.407  (a)(1);  14  CFR  91.409  (a)(1)  and  (2);  14  
         CFR  91.417  (a)  and  (b)    

         These  regulations  require  that  an  aircraft  operator  or  owner  "shall  have  that  
         aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  between  
         required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  
         have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter...,"  and  
         others  shall  inspect  or  maintain  the  aircraft  in  compliance  with  Part  43.    

         Given  that  these  sections  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  
         airworthiness  certificate,  these  sections  will  not  apply.  Maintenance  will  be  
         accomplished  by  the  operator  pursuant  to  the  aforementioned  Phantom  user  
         manual  and  guide.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  because  
         these  small  SUASs  are  very  limited  in  size,  will  carry  a  small  payload,  and  
         operate  only  in  restricted  areas  for  limited  periods  of  time.  If  mechanical  
         issues  arise,  the  SUAS  can  land  immediately  and  will  be  operating  from  no  
         higher  than  400  feet  AGL.  As  outlined  in  the  aforementioned  Pre-flight  Action  
         Plan,  the  operator  will  ensure  that  the  SUAS  is  in  working  order  prior  to  
         initiating  flight  and  perform  maintenance  as  required.  Moreover,  the  
         operator  is  the  person  most  familiar  with  the  aircraft  and  best  suited  to  
         maintain  the  aircraft  in  an  airworthy  condition  to  provide  the  equivalent  
         level  of  safety.    

In  accordance  with  14  CFR  Part  11,  the  following  summary  is  provided  for  
publication  in  the  Federal  Register:    

The  applicant  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  following  rules:  14  CFR  Part  21,  Subpart  
H;  14  CFR  61.113  (a);  14  CFR  91.7(a);  14  CFR  91.105;  14  CFR  91.119(a);  14  CFR  
91.121;  14  CFR  91.151;  14  CFR  91.405  (a);  14  CFR  91.407  (a)(1);  14  CFR  91.409  
(a)(1)  and  (2);  14  CFR  91.417  (a)  and  (b)  to  commercially  operate  small  unmanned  
aircraft  systems  (55  lbs.  or  less)  in  order  to  safely  and  legally  capture  aerial  
photography  and  videography  for  use  by  homeowners,  realtors,  builders,  
contractors,  and/or  inspectors.    

The  operation  of  SUASs  conducted  in  the  strict  conditions  outlined  above,  will  
provide  an  equivalent  and/or  greater  level  of  safety  supporting  the  grant  of  the  
exemptions  requested  herein,  including  exempting  the  applicant  from  the  
requirements  of  Part  21  and  allowing  commercial  operations.  These  lightweight  
aircraft  operate  at  slow  speeds,  close  to  the  ground,  and  in  a  sterile  environment,  
and  as  a  result,  are  far  safer  than  existing  operations  conducted  with  helicopters  

                                                    17  
operating  in  close  proximity  to  the  ground,  people,  or  other  buildings  in  the  vicinity.    
Given  the  small  size  of  the  SUASs  involved,  the  slow  speed  at  which  they  must  be  
operated  in  order  to  capture  photos  and  videos,  and  the  restricted  environment  
within  which  they  will  operate,  the  Phantom  demonstrates  that  it  can  be  operated  
within  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  in  which  Congress  envisioned  that  the  FAA  must,  
by  exemption,  allow  commercial  operations  of  SUASs  to  commence  immediately.  
Also,  due  to  the  size  of  the  SUASs  and  the  restricted  areas  in  which  the  relevant  
SUASs  will  operate,  approval  of  this  application  presents  no  threat  to  national  
security.  Given  the  clear  direction  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  the  authority  
contained  in  the  Federal  Aviation  Act,  the  strong  equivalent  level  of  safety  
surrounding  the  proposed  operations,  the  significant  public  benefit  ­  including  
enhanced  safety,  reduction  in  environmental  impacts,  no  emissions,  ability  to  legally  
obtain  aerial  photography  and  videography  services  ­  the  grant  of  the  requested  
exemptions  is  in  the  public  interest.  Accordingly,  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  respectfully  
requests  that  the  FAA  grant  the  requested  exemption  without  delay.    
Satisfaction  of  the  criteria  provided  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  ­  size,  weight,  
speed,  operating  capability,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas,  operation  
within  the  visual  line  of  sight,  public  safety,  and  national  security  ­  provide  more  
than  adequate  justification  to  grant  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  the  requested  exemption,  
allowing  for  commercial  operations  as  described  herewith.    

                                                    18  
Summary  for  Publication  in  Federal  Register  
   Petition  for  Exemption  
   Docket  No.:  FAA-2015-xxxx  
   Petitioner:  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC  
   Sections  of  14  CFR    

         Description  of  Relief  Sought:  The  petitioner  is  seeking  an  exemption  to  utilize  
         an  unmanned  aircraft  system  (UAS)  to  accomplish  aerial  photography  and  
         videography  services  to  homeowners,  realtors,  builders,  contractors,  and/or  
         inspectors  for  use  in,  but  not  limited  to,  real  estate  marketing  and  safer  
         inspections  of  home  and  building  exteriors.  
Sincerely,    
/s/  Nicholas  Flom  
____________________________________  
Nicholas  Flom  Managing  Partner,  FP  AeroSolutions,  LLC    
Enclosures  (4)    

                                                    19  
