May 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11593
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0477

Mr. Kenneth P. Quinn
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
1200 17th Street, NW.
Washington, DC 20036

Dear Mr. Quinn:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct surveying, aerial photography, videography and data acquisition for mine-related
services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Prioria Maveric.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Prioria Maveric
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
    satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
    The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic
    messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
    of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
    VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
                                                                                                            4

    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
                                                                                                            5

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
       Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
       1200 Seventeenth Street, NW | Washington, DC 20036 | tel 202.663.8000 | fax 202.663.8007

                                                                                                        Kenneth P. Quinn
                                                                                             kquinn@pillsburylaw.com

February 24, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
                  Reform Act of 2012, 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
                  Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

On behalf of our clients, Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. ("Freeport") and Prioria Robotics, Inc.
("Prioria"), and pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the "Reform Act") ("Section 333"), Subsection (f) of 49 U.S.C. § 44701, and 14 C.F.R. Part
11, we request an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below
and discussed in Appendix A to allow Freeport to conduct commercial operations with
Prioria's Maveric small Unmanned Aircraft System ("sUAS") (the "Maveric") to provide
surveying and mine-related services at Freeport's U.S. mines, which are primarily located in
remote unpopulated areas with minimal air traffic. These services include obtaining still
photographs, real-time video, and other data taken by onboard sensors to monitor blasting
operations, environmental conditions, and mine security.

Performing these mining services with a sUAS is in the public interest for several reasons,
which are detailed further herein and include: (1) minimizing safety risks inherent in manned
operations, both in the air and on the ground; (2) inspecting locations where humans are not
able to go; (3) enhancing capabilities to utilize the sUAS to assist first responders on safety or
environmental incidents; (4) improving access control/security to mining sites; and (5)
monitoring environmental conditions.

The battery-powered Maveric weighs 2.6 pounds and has a flight time of 40-75 minutes
depending on operating conditions. It employs a self-stabilizing aircraft configuration with
stability augmentation avionics that provides ease-of-control and steady video imagery. Its
high-performance design leverages advanced composite materials, innovative electronics, and
cutting-edge sensor technology to increase mission capabilities and make Maveric a reliable

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 2

and accurate solution to meet a variety of industry needs. The Maveric has operated in the
United States under two Certificate of Waiver or Authorizations ("COAs").1 Additionally,
the Maveric has received operating approvals in Canada and Australia, and has been operated
by the U.S. Army. Operations under the exemption will be conducted under the limitations
and conditions set forth in Appendix B and as may be modified by the FAA as required by
Section 333.2

Use of the Maveric in Freeport's mining operations as proposed herein would provide
significant public safety benefits over existing inspection operations, while operating safely
within the National Airspace System ("NAS"). Use of sUAS offer numerous safety benefits
for operations on the ground. First, the use of sUAS would alleviate the need for personnel to
perform difficult manual inspections of safety berms and mining conditions along narrow
pathways several hundred feet above the mine's floor. And, sUAS will be able to more
quickly and thoroughly assess safety conditions of roads used by vehicles. Second, use of
sUAS during blasting operations would increase situational awareness of the surroundings
and help prevent blasting if wildlife or unauthorized personnel gain access to the property.
Third, use of sUAS would improve Freeport's ability to routinely inspect the mine's leaching
operations and would reduce the need for personnel to access the top of the leach operation.
Finally, the use of sUAS would improve visual access to areas that are off limits to foot traffic
and machinery due to risk of unstable, shifting earth or moving water. The use of sUAS
would provide Freeport with additional data it can use to conduct safer and more efficient
mine operations.

For inspections now conducted by manned aircraft, use of the sUAS for these services will
reduce the need to operate manned aircraft in a difficult environment and reduce the
environmental impact of conventional aircraft operations. In addition, the small, lightweight,
and easily controllable operating characteristics of the Maveric provide for safe operations
over Freeport's locations. Freeport also maintains strict control over access to its mines,
requires all personnel to wear personal protective gear, including hard hats and safety glasses,

1 Certificate of Waiver or Authorization 2011-ESA-26, issued to the Department of Energy Oak Ridge National
  Laboratory, and Certificate of Waiver or Authorization 2012-WSA-53, issued to Oregon State University.

2 While Freeport has modeled its request off of Part 333 exemption grants as of the date of its application,
  Freeport requests that the FAA treat Freeport's application as requesting the most lenient relief granted to
  similar applicants at the time of adjudication. Additionally, should the FAA modify any of its sUAS operating
  conditions through exemptions or otherwise after adjudicating Freeport's application, Freeport requests
  blanket approval to operate its sUAS in accordance with the more lenient operating conditions. Freeport
  reserves the right to supplement or amend its application.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 3

and mandates site-specific safety training, all of which further reduce safety risks associated
with the use of the Maveric.

Although the Maveric can be operated by one person, Freeport flight operations will always
involve at least two people as required by the FAA: a pilot-in-command ("PIC") and a visual
observer ("VO"). The PIC is responsible for flying the sUAS, monitoring its status and flight
dynamics, while keeping the flight within the manufacturer's specified operational limits to
ensure safe operation of the vehicle. VOs will be responsible for monitoring the airspace for
other aircraft and hazards and advising the PIC before and during flight of all such observed
risks. In addition to completing either Freeport training taught by a Prioria-accredited trainer,
Prioria sUAS operator training, or Cochise College's UAS training program, the PIC will
hold at least a private pilot certificate and third-class medical certificate.

                                          Applicant Information:

The name of the applicant is:

Freeport-McMoRan, Inc.

The primary contact for this application, with a copy to me at the address above, is:

Leon DuPlessis
Chief Engineer
3350 E Valencia Rd, Tucson, AZ 85706
Phone: (520) 229-6561
Email: leon_duplessis@fmi.com

                                          Exemptions Requested

Freeport requests exemptions from the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c);
14 C.F.R. 91.121;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b).

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 4

                                        Airworthiness of the sUAS

The Maveric has been shown to be airworthy and compliant through a history of granted
flight operations in the United States, Canada, and Australia and successful flights in all three
countries. The U.S. Military has accepted the Maveric for use as well and has flown it since
2011 in places like Afghanistan. Globally, the Maveric has amassed over 4,000 flight hours.
For additional safety, the Maveric is equipped with automated features that ensure safe
takeoff, flight, and landing in many conditions, further details of which are provided in
Appendix C.

In support of this application, Freeport will submit, under separate cover and with a request
for confidentiality, the Maveric Operator's Manual ("Operator's Manual").

                                           Operating Conditions

Freeport requests an exemption subject to the conditions listed in Appendix B, which are
substantially similar to the operating conditions required for the FAA's previous grants of
exemptions under Section 333.

In accordance with the conditions approved in previous exemption grants, Freeport is
requesting authority to operate the Maveric within visual line of sight and below 400 feet
AGL except as provided by FAA Air Traffic Control via COA. Given that the mining sites
are not flat, Freeport will use the elevation of the highest predominant terrain within 1 mile of
the launch point and within the visual line of sight as a ground reference point to establish the
400 feet ceiling.3 In other words, Freeport will not operate the Maveric any higher than 400
feet above the highest point within 1 mile from the launch point, and will only do so provided
the UAS is within the line of sight. These operating conditions, along with those listed in
Appendix B, would provide an equivalent level of safety for the reasons described below.

First, Freeport's mines are generally located in remote areas that rarely see air traffic. By way
of example, one of Freeport's mines located in Morenci, Arizona (the "Morenci Mine") spans
an area of approximately 32 nautical miles, and ranges in elevation from 7,000 feet AMSL to
3,500 AMSL. As the Google Earth image below shows, the Morenci Mine is located miles
from any sizeable population and over 130 miles from the nearest commercial airport ­ the

3 The Maveric is visible up to 2,000 meters (1.24 miles) in a clear sky, making the selection of the predominant
  terrain within 1 mile of the launch point as a ground reference a logical and easily manageable reference.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 5
Grant County Airport ­ in Silver City, New Mexico. The mine is located approximately 10
miles from Greenlee County Airport, which averages about 21 aircraft operations a week.4

                            Figure 1: Google Earth image of Morenci Mine

4 AirNav.com, Greenlee County Airport, https://www.airnav.com/airport/KCFT (last visited Jan. 26, 2015).
  Additionally, the airspace above the Morenci Mine from 1,500 ft AGL to 18,000 ft AMSL is a Military
  Operations Area that is active from 6:00 am to 9:00 pm, Monday through Friday.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 6

                                          Figure 2: Morenci Mine

                    Figure 3: Morenci Mine ­ Each bench is approximately 50 ft

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 7

                      Figure 4: Morenci Mine

                      Figure 5: Morenci Mine

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 8

Second, flight operations near the Morenci Mine, like other mine locations, are limited due to
the terrain. In addition to the requirement that pilots must fly at least 500 feet AGL, the FAA
recommends that pilots operating under Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") fly over ridges with at
least 1,000 feet clearance.5 Pilots flying under instrument flight rules ("IFR") over
mountainous areas must fly at "an altitude of 2,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a
horizontal distance of 4 nautical miles from the course to be flown."6 Given the locations of
this and Freeport's other mines and FAA minimum flight altitudes, the Maveric will be able
to operate below altitudes for manned aircraft.

Third, the PIC will operate the Maveric from higher elevations in the mine such as a road or
elevated hill surrounding the pit, allowing the PIC to maintain full visibility of the airspace
over the mine to avoid any manned aircraft. Freeport will use a second VO who will stay in
radio contact with the PIC if the terrain warrants it. Additionally, Maveric's nose camera will
provide real-time video of the Maveric's environment that the PIC can use to avoid any
airborne aircraft and other obstacles.

Fourth, Freeport's operational procedures will require PICs to suspend all sUAS operations
when a manned aircraft operates within the mine's boundaries, greatly reducing the risk to
any manned aircraft. The PIC will be able to immediately land the sUAS when the PIC or
VO spot another manned aircraft within the planned area of operations or mine safety
personnel direct cessation of sUAS operations.

Fifth, Freeport maintains strict control over access to its mines, requires all personnel to wear
personal protective gear, including hard hats and safety glasses, and mandates site specific
safety training, which will include sUAS safety procedures. Non-participant Freeport
employees will carry radios and be alerted before sUAS operations begin. These safeguards,
along with the sUAS's light weight, provide an equivalent level of safety for non-participants
to be closer than 500 feet.

Sixth, the Maveric is equipped with visible strobe lights that will alert any manned aircraft in
the area to its position.

5 FAA Aviation Safety Program, Tips on Mountain Flying, available at
  https://www.faa.gov/regulations_policies/handbooks_manuals/aviation/media/tips_on_mountain_flying.pdf.
  Pilots operating under VFR also must operate at an altitude that would allow them to make an "emergency
  landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface." 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(a).

6 FAR 91.177(a)(2)(i).

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 9

Seventh, the Maveric's flight software provides many built-in functional and safety features to
assist the PIC in safe and reliable operation. The Maveric can operate autonomously in
"Navigation" mode. In Navigation mode, the PIC selects way points, rally points, and a
landing area before launching. The sUAS then uses GPS navigation to follow the pre-selected
flight path. The sUAS also can be flown in a semi-autonomous mode in which the sUAS
flight software maintains a pre-set altitude and airspeed and the PIC controls heading.
Additionally, the Maveric's flight software allows the PIC to set certain failsafes, i.e. actions
the sUAS will take in response to loss of link, loss of GPS, and low battery regardless of the
flight mode in which the sUAS is currently operating. For example, the PIC can configure the
failsafe so that, in a loss of link situation, the sUAS flies to a pre-set waypoint and loiters for a
short time to give the sUAS time to re-connect with the ground control station and lands at a
pre-set landing spot if loss of link persists beyond a pre-determined length of time. The PIC
can do the same for both loss of GPS and low battery situations.

Finally, any risk presented by possible helicopter medical evacuation flights would be
mitigated by requiring the PIC to terminate sUAS operations at the command of mine safety
personnel. The PIC will maintain constant radio contact with mine safety personnel.

Freeport requests authorization to operate the Maveric less than 500 feet from
nonparticipating mine employees without barriers or structures to protect them, provided they
wear customary safety gear (e.g. hard hats). An equivalent level of safety is provided because
the Maveric's weight, materials, and reliability, along with the required operator training and
operating environment, prevent the Maveric from posing a serious risk to mine employees
wearing personal protective gear.7 The safety assessment includes consideration of the
Maveric's mean time between failures ("MTBF")8--calculated with a large degree of
confidence from the operation of the Maveric for over 4,000 hours--and its low kinetic
energy.

                                         Operator Requirements

As a condition to the grant of the exemptions, Freeport will require that the PIC hold a private
pilot certificate and a valid third-class medical certificate. The PIC will have accumulated

7 Based on guidance issued in Exemption No. 11109, Freeport and Prioria will submit a safety assessment, under
  separate cover and with a request for confidentiality, to support their request for additional relief regarding the
  proximity of non-participants.

8 Prioria's MTBF analysis will be submitted under separate cover with a request for confidentiality.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 10

and logged a minimum number of flight cycles and hours for daytime operations, as required
by the FAA. The PIC will also be subject to the FAA flight review requirements.

The PIC and all observers will be required to have completed a Freeport training course
taught by a Prioria-accredited trainer, Prioria's training program, or Cochise College's UAS
training program.9

Freeport respectfully submits that the operator qualifications take into account the operating
conditions and characteristics of the particular sUAS.

                                               Public Interest

Freeport respectfully submits that its use of the sUAS in lieu of manned operations, which are
currently conducted with conventional fixed wing and rotary aircraft, offers a net safety
benefit and will achieve an enhanced level of safety, as mandated under Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act. Approval of this application also will benefit the public interest by allowing
better, safer, and more cost efficient information gathering for the mining industry.

Conventional aerial survey and inspection operations using manned aircraft involve very
heavy aerial vehicles that must transit to the operational location and carry significant
quantities of combustible fuels and a multi-person crew in piloting and observation roles.
These operations become even more difficult in the mining industry due to the terrain. By
contrast, the Maveric weighs 2.6 lbs., including its payload, uses a battery for power, is
carried to and from the area of activity, removes the need for airborne pilots and observers,
and poses less risk to people and infrastructure on the ground, as well as other aircraft.

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions due
to the Maveric's small size and load-carrying capacity, as well as its operational limitations
and absence of flammable fuel. All PICs will have been screened by the Department of
Homeland Security. On the other hand, the Maveric is likely to enhance national security
through better and more accurate monitoring of critical national infrastructure.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in
Section 333 and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f),10 the equivalent and enhanced level of safety of the

9 Prioria and Freeport have a relationship with Cochise College and its aviation program, which owns and
  operates the Maveric system as part of the school's UAS program of study. Cochise College has a COA
  application under review with the FAA. More information about Cochise College's UAS program is available
  at http://www.cochise.edu/catalog/uas---unmanned-aircraft-systems.htm.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 11

proposed operations, the significant public benefit, and cost savings to be realized as a result
of the use of sUAS for aerial inspection and survey services. Moreover, the FAA has granted
similar exemptions for sUAS used to conduct high resolution aerial imaging and surveying
operations.11 Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the
requested exemption without delay.

                                             Privacy Concerns
The proposed operations will take place only in largely unpopulated, remote areas that are
owned or leased, and access controlled by Freeport. Access to these areas is restricted to
employees and authorized personnel only. No privacy issues are raised by this application.

                                       Federal Register Summary
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(f), the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should the FAA determine that publication is needed:

         Docket No.: No. FAA-2015-____
         Petitioner: Freeport McMoRan, Inc.
         Section of 14 CFR: Part 21, § 61.113(a) and (b), § 91.7(a), § 91.119(c), § 91.121,
         § 91.151(a), § 91.405(a), § 91.407(a)(1), § 91.409(a)(2), § 91.417(a) and (b).

                  Description of Relief Sought: Freeport is seeking an exemption to conduct
         commercial mining-support operations using a small unmanned aircraft (55 pounds or
         less) in remote areas of the United States.

(... continued)

10 Under 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f), the "Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702-44716 of [Title 49] if the
Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest."
11 See Exemption Nos. 11109, 11110, 11136, 11166, 11167, 11170, 11172. Freeport requests that the FAA not

  request public comment on its application because it would not set a precedent and because the relief
  requested is identical to exemptions granted previously. 14 C.F.R. § 11.87.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 12
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Quinn
cc: Leon DuPlessis, Freeport-McMoRan, Inc.

         Bryan da Frota, Prioria Robotics, Inc.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 13

                                               APPENDIX A

              EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
          SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Freeport requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional
regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the Maveric sUAS:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

Part 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural
requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by § 91.203(a)(1).
Given the size and weight of the aircraft, the operating conditions, design safety features, and
the proposed conditions and limitations, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of
airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.
Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333. Section 333 and 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft
from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the sUAS
involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or
safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate.
The Maveric weighs 2.6 pounds fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot, passenger or flammable
fuel. The Maveric operates exclusively within a controlled area pre-disclosed and in
compliance with conditions set forth herein. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the PIC and observer(s), pursuant to
the conditions set forth in Appendix B, the Operator's Manual, and local public safety
requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filing of
NOTAMs. The lack of flammable fuel and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location
and not flown there all establish the equivalent level of safety. The sUAS provides at least an
equivalent level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with conventional
aircraft that would be orders-of-magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers, cargo,
and flammable fuel.

14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b): Commercial Pilot Privileges

Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the Maveric is remotely
controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. The area of operation is

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 14

controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in
the Operator's Manual. In conjunction with the required training of the PIC and observers,
the level of safety provided by the requirements included in the Operator's Manual exceeds
that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot certificate operating a
conventional aircraft. The proposed operations will achieve at least an equivalent level of
safety.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.7(a) prohibits an individual from operating a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition. No FAA standard exists for determining an aircraft's airworthiness
when an airworthiness certificate is not issued. As the FAA has done with previous
exemption grants,12 airworthiness will be ensured and an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, Section
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
Because some of the aerial inspection and survey work must be accomplished at altitudes less
than 500 feet AGL and nonparticipating mine employees will be working within 500 feet of
the sUAS, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because Freeport's mine employees are
required to wear personal protective gear and because the Maveric, given its size, weight,
speed, and materials, does not pose a serious risk. Also, every flight will be conducted over
land owned or controlled by Freeport. Because Freeport will notify its mine employees in
advance of Maveric operations, all effected individuals will be aware of the flights. Compared
to aerial inspection operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 2.6
pounds and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be far less
than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL.

12 Exemption Nos. 11156, 11158, 11159.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 15

14 C.F.R. § 121: Altimeter Setting

Section 121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric
altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption is required. An equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Operator's Manual, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

The Maveric batteries provide approximately 40-75 minutes of powered flight. Without an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, the Maveric's flights would be limited to approximately
10 minutes in length because the PIC would require the last 30 minutes to satisfy section
91.151(a). Given the limitations on its proposed operations, a longer time frame for flight in
VFR conditions is reasonable.

Freeport believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) provides an equivalent level
of safety and is consistent with prior exemptions.13 Operating the sUAS, without 30 minutes
of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to
prevent given the size and speed at which the sUAS operates. In the unlikely event that the
sUAS' battery runs low, it would simply follow the pre-programmed command to land at a
designated location. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than
contemplated by the current regulation.

Freeport believes that an equivalent or enhanced level of safety can be achieved by
maintaining 10 minutes of reserve power which, allowing at least 30 minutes of flight time, if
not more, would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.

13 Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without compliance with 91.151(a)); see
  also Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673 and 10808.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 16

14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a): Maintenance
Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
of this chapter." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43.
Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness
certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain
maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or
licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

Pre-flight checks will be performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at predefined
intervals as part of the maintenance schedule.

The pre-flight checklist includes:

    1. Visual inspection of the airframe;
    2. Visual inspections of propeller;
    3. Verify GPS acquisition;
    4. Plan and upload mission;
    5. Video and payload check;
    6. Controls check;
    7. Gyro/control surfaces check;
    8. Throttle check;
    9. Check pitot tube readings;
    10. Check sensors; and
    11. Verify failsafes are set correctly.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS will carry no external
payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas, and is not a complex mechanical
device. In addition, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
safety. Last, the Operator's Manual will have instructions to develop and document
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection requirements in the absence of Prioria
requirements, and procedures to document and maintain maintenance records for the sUAS.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 17
The sUAS maintenance guidelines provide an equivalent level of safety to the maintenance
requirements in Part 91.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 18

                                                APPENDIX B

                            FREEPORT OPERATING LIMITATIONS

    1) Operations authorized by the grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft:
         Prioria's Maveric, which weighs less than 5 kg.

    2) The sUAS shall not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 60 kts.

    3) The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude more than 400 feet above the highest
         predominant terrian except as may be provided by FAA Air Traffic Control ("ATC")
         via COA. The highest predominant terrain is the defined as terrain within 1 mile of
         the launch point and within the visual line of sight of the PIC. All altitudes reported to
         ATC shall be in feet AGL.

    4) The sUAS must be operated within visual line of sight of the PIC at all times. This
         requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

    5) All operations must use a VO. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate
         verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated before the flight. The PIC must
         ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

    6) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
         operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a conflict exists
         between the conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined in
         the operating documents, the conditions and limitations in the exemption take
         precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, Freeport must follow the procedures as
         outlined in its operating documents. Freeport may update or revise its operating
         documents. It is Freeport's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
         and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. Freeport must also present
         updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to this grant
         of exemption.

    7) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the sUAS to ensure that it is in a condition for
         safe flight. The PIC shall not operate the aircraft if the inspection reveals a condition
         that affects the safe operation of the sUAS until the necessary maintenance has been
         performed and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
         Control Station, if utilized, must be included in the preflight inspection. All
         maintenance and alternations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 19

    8) Any sUAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS
         operation or flight characteristics (e.g., replacement of a flight critical component)
         must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the Operator's Manual. The
         PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records
         of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft
         record entry shall be included in the Operator's Manual.

    9) The pre-flight inspection must account for all discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
         components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
         operating documents.

    10) Freeport must follow Prioria's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

    11) Freeport must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements,
         in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and
         status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft records,
         including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and the signature of
         the person authorized to return the sUAS to service.

    12) Each sUAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
         Bulletins.

    13) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
         class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
         specified in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her
         pilot certificate.

    14) Freeport may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
         qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the sUAS in a
         manner consistent with how the sUAS will be operated under this exemption,
         including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
         from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures.14 PIC qualification flight hours and
         currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). The PIC
         must ensure that the VO is trained appropriately in order to fulfill his or her duties. A
         record of training and qualification must be documented and made available upon

14 Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy
  this requirement.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 20

         request by the Administrator. Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs
         and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-building), are permitted under the
         terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during
         dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
         flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants,
         and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in
         accordance with these operating conditions.

    15) Operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions ("VMC").
         Flights under special visual flight rules ("SVFR") are not authorized.

    16) The sUAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
         denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
         with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
         accordance with a NOTAM as required by Freeport's COA. The letter of agreement
         with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon
         request.

    17) The sUAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
         horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

    18) If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS must return to a
         pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in
         accordance with the Operator's Manual.

    19) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
         accordance with the Operator's Manual.

    20) sUAS operations must be completed within 30 minutes flight time.

    21) Freeport must obtain an ATC-issued COA prior to conducting any operations under
         this exemption. This COA will also require the filing of the NOTAM not more than
         72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

    22) All aircraft operated in accordance with the requested exemption must be identified by
         serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification
         (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings
         shall be as large as practicable.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 21

    23) The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the sUAS must
         comply with Federal Communication (FCC) or other appropriate government
         oversight agency requirements.

    24) The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
         PIC at the Ground Control Station of the sUAS any time the aircraft is operating.
         These documents shall be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
         official upon request.

    25) The sUAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations
         and activities at all times.

    26) The sUAS may not be operated from any moving device or vehicle.

    27) The sUAS may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

    28) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons, vessels, vehicles, structures, and public access roads unless:

             a. The nonparticipating persons are authorized to access Freeport's mine, have
                  received Freeport's safety training, and are wearing personal protective gear
                  ("Mine Parties");

             b. For non-participants who do not qualify as Mine Parties, barriers or structures
                  are present that sufficiently protect them from the sUAS and/or debris in the
                  event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
                  who are not Mine Parties remain under such protection. If a situation arises
                  where nonparticipating persons who are not Mine Parties leave such protection
                  and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations must cease immediately;
                  or

             c. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                  owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                  and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
                  those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

    29) Operations nearer than 500 feet to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons
         as defined in the operating documents are permitted if those operations do not present
         an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a) as determined by the PIC.

    30) All operations must be conducted over private or controlled-access property.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 22

    31) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 23

                                               APPENDIX C
                  SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION
Freeport Corporate Overview: Freeport is a Delaware corporation with its headquarters in
Phoenix, Arizona. Freeport is a premier U.S.-based natural resource company with an
industry-leading global portfolio of mineral assets, significant oil and gas resources, and a
growing production profile.
sUAS Operating Overview: The Maveric is a fixed-wing aircraft constructed of a rugged
carbon fiber composite with bendable wings that requires no assembly. It has fully
autonomous operation for takeoff, navigation, and landing.

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 24

                   Parameter                        Characteristic
Wingspan                           29.5 in
Length                             26.5 in
Weight, with EO side-look payload  2.6 lbs
Wireless Range                     5 ­ 15 km LOS
Cruise Speed (Best Endurance)      26 kts (30 mph)
Dash Speed                         55 kts (63 mph)
Stall Speed                        18 kts (21 mph)
Max wind                           20 kts sustained, 30 kts gusting
Precipitation                      Light rain (0.1 inches per hour)
Flight Duration                    45 ­ 70 minutes
Turn Rate                          360 degrees in 12 seconds
Climb Rate                         500 ft/min @ 2,000 AMSL
Launch                             Hand launch, tube launch optional
Landing                            Deep-stall, skid, net optional
Flight Control                     Autonomous or manual
Exterior Lighting                  Visible and IR Strobe Lights
Command and Control Frequency      350 MHz, 900 MHz
Video Bands                        1.7 GHz, 2.4 GHz

The sUAS can be operated in fully autonomous flight modes. Creating pre-planned flight
paths to fly in autonomous mode is as simple as clicking on the map to create a pre-planned
flight path. Pre-mission waypoints, landing zone points, and flight area dimensions can all be
entered during preflight, ensuring the sUAS operates only within specified parameters.

The Maveric includes many advanced safety features that makes it the safest choice for areas
like Freeport's mines. Built-in intelligent fault handling allows the sUAS to detect a system
fault while in the air, and to automatically respond with a set command (one such option
being to fly back to a pre-selected rally point and land). Faults that can be detected include:
loss of communication, loss of GPS, and low battery levels. In addition, the operator can
create no fly zones, and the system will visually and audibly warn the operator if the planned
flight path would enter the no fly zone.

Operator's Manual ­ The Maveric Operator's Manual will be provided under separate cover
with a request for confidential treatment.

Power ­ The Maveric and its ground control station are both powerd by a Lithium polymer
rechargeable battery pack. A new battery has a fully charged voltage of approximately 12.4V.
A "full-pack" has a capacity of 4 Amp-hours. An additional "half-pack" can be installed for
extended operation. A new "half-pack" has a fully charged voltage of 12.4V and a capacity of

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 25

2 Amp-hours. The Maveric's battery charge is displayed in real-time on the ground control
terminal, ensuring maximum flight duration and safety.

Takeoff and Landing style/type ­ The Maveric is hand launched and can be tube launched
with additional equipment. The Maveric lands by returning to a pre-determined rally point
and beginning a spiral descent. Once it reaches a pre-selected altitude, it heads toward the
landing waypoint, descending until it lands and skids to a stop.

Navigation System ­ Specific maps can be downloaded to the display screen (such as air
sectional and geographic maps) which are overlaid with GPS positional data. Waypoints can
be created before and during flight operation creating specific locations and sequences for the
aircraft.

Defined "Keep Out" Areas ­ The navigation software allows for preplanning Keep Out
Areas that allow the operator to designate airspace he or she does not want the Maveric to
enter. If defined flight paths pass through an area designated as keep-out, the individual
waypoints and waypoint connection segments turn red as a warning. Additionally, if a
mission is uploaded and intersects with a keep out area, a warning is presented to the user.
Also, if an aircraft in flight is navigated into a designated keep out area, an audible warning is
sounded.

Maintenance ­ The Maveric sUAS needs very little maintenance, and operators may perform
most required maintenance in the field with the field repair kit.

Command and Control Systems - The sUAS Ground Control Station (GCS) allows the
operator simultaneous control over aircraft and payloads. The display screen provides all
essential flight data to the operator. Telemetry data is transmitted to the command station at
least once per second.

    Displayed on GCS:
          Current position
          Registered home position
          Any autopilot flight plans
          Registered emergency landing zone
          Aircraft attitude
          Altitude
          Airspeed
          Groundspeed
          Compass reading/heading
          Estimated wind heading
          Communication strength

www.pillsburylaw.com
February 24, 2015
Page 26

          Range from home
          Bearing from home
          Duration of current mission
          Rate of climb
          Mode of the aircraft
          Battery level
Emergency Procedures and System Failures
         Loss of Link ­ The sUAS does not need constant signal from the GCS to continue
         flying. Communications outages are detected by the system and are reported to the
         PIC. During the communication outage, the sUAS continues on its pre-determined
         flight path until a failsafe is triggered. Once a failsafe is triggered, the sUAS will
         perform in accordance with the failsafe conditions uploaded before launch. This is
         accomplished without input from the operator.
Security
         The system and communication links may be encrypted.

www.pillsburylaw.com
