July 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12240
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2030

Mr. Les Valsquier
Principle
Freeborn Concepts LLC, dba RealSkyPics
1125 300th Street NW.
Stanwood, WA 98292

Dear Mr. Valsquier:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Freeborn Concepts LLC, dba RealSkyPics (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Freeborn Concepts LLC, dba RealSkyPics is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Freeborn Concepts LLC, dba RealSkyPics is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                             Les Valsquier
                          Freeborn Concepts LLC, dba RealSkyPics

                                          1125 300th St. NW
                                        Stanwood, WA 98292

                                             425.971.4999

                                    lesval@gmail.com

                                                                             18 May, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
Docket Management System
Shell Docket FAA-2007-0001

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Attachments:
1) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual (EN) v1.8
2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Pilot Training Guide (EN) v1.1

References:
1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481 in the
matter of the petition of DOUGLAS TRUDEAU
2) FAA Exemption No. 11136, Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0508 in the
matter of the petition of ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC
3) FAA Exemption No. 11395 Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0162 in the matter
of petition of STRAW Investment Group LLC
4) FAA Exemption No. 11462 Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0269 in the matter
of petition of SKY CATCH, Inc

SUMMARY

On behalf of Freeborn Concepts LLC (dba RealSkyPics) Les Valsquier seeks
exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 45.23, 61.113(a) & (b),
91.9(b)(2), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a) & (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft
System (UAS) pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 1 of 12
of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit operation of a UAS for the commercial
purposes of conducting aerial video and photography of construction and real
estate sites, and for agricultural/forestry imaging and support consultation.
RealSkyPics proposes to operate the UAs in rural and suburban areas primarily in
Washington and Oregon, for commercial gain in real estate and agricultural
monitoring, as well as to offer community services such as search and rescue on
a pro bono basis.

As demonstrated in this petition, RealSkyPics is burdened by being prohibited
from commercial operation of its UAS by the above existing provisions of 14 CFR,
adopted before and without reference to the current development of commercially
viable Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. Pending FAA's adoption of rules specifically
tailored to such use, RealSkyPics requests these exemptions because it is in the
public interest to provide the commercial services described now, and because
the services can be provided at a level of safety at least equal to that provided by
the specified rules as well as by the proposed new regulations published in the
Federal Register on February 23, 2015.

I. THE UAS

RealSkyPics will operate UAS DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ (Phantom 2). The
Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions
of Section 333. Hence relief from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness
Certificates) and associated matters are not necessary. See STRAW.

Safety features included in Phantom 2 provide a level of safety that far exceeds
those required by the FAA. These include state-of-the-art features for GPS
navigation, return home capability, programmability, airport vicinity no-fly feature
and restricted altitude feature. Phantom 2 differentiates radio frequency (RF) for
aircraft controller/receiver from that controlling the camera and complies with FCC
regulations. See Attached User Manual.

Phantom 2 is light, less than 3 pounds including battery and camera. It
incorporates an automatic return home feature that directs the craft back to point
of takeoff should communication with the transmitter be lost. Phantom 2 accepts
software upgrades. It has cruising speed of 15 knots, with a maximum speed of 29
knots. Maximum flight time is 25 minutes.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 2 of 12
The Phantom has an additional communication link between the camera and craft
on a different RF for a smart phone connection. These allow the operator or Pilot
in Command (PIC) to monitor battery level, altitude in feet above ground level
(AGL), distance from PIC, camera imagery, and control camera angle.

The software for the Phantom allows the operator or PIC to set maximum altitude
AGL for each flight, allowing customization of flights to no higher than 100 feet,
150 feet, or 200 feet AGL as an examples. The 400 foot maximum AGL can be
programmed into the UAS software pre-flight to insure compliance with FAA
standards. Adding to the safety capabilities of this UAS, it is programmed to
remain in position when controls are released, maintaining altitude and GPS
location.

One additional feature is the ability to monitor battery levels on the ground. The
controller will warn the PIC when the battery life reaches 25 percent or when the
UAV is reaching a point where it will not be able to returned to home point.

The Phantom has numerous default safety features such as an altitude and GPS
monitoring function that allows the operator precise determination of height,
direction of flight and distance from the operator or PIC. The Phantom will return
to a specified location under emergency circumstances like loss of connectivity
with controller. low battery or software malfunction.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial
Certificate of Authorization should a situation arise in which RealSkyPics must
route the UA above 200 feet.

The FAA has recently approved numerous exemptions allowing similar use of a
Phantom 2 UAS (e.g. Exemption No. 11395 (Straw)).

PHANTOM 3: RealSkyPics intends to purchase the DJI Phantom 3 UA as soon
as it is released (imminent), and requests that it be included within the
authorizations of this application unless doing so would delay approval of this
application. The Phantom 3 has all of the safety features of the Phantom 2, as
well as enhanced capabilities. Like the Phantom 2, it is small and lightweight, also
under 3 pounds.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 3 of 12
II. THE SERVICES

This exemption will permit operation of an UAS for the commercial purposes of
conducting aerial video and photography of construction and real estate sites, and
for agricultural/forestry imaging and support consultation.

III. THE PUBLIC INTEREST

In providing an exemption process Congress recognized that there may well be
publicly beneficial UAS applications that could safely go forward before the FAA
completes formal rulemaking regarding UAS use.

Aerial videography for geographical awareness, crop and forestry management,
and real estate marketing is not new. However, manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters are too costly for small business owners. With this exemption
RealSkyPics would provide this service at a much lower cost. Further, our small
UAS will pose no threat to the public given their small size and lack of combustible
fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. Additionally, the operation of our
UAS will minimize ecological costs/damage and promote economic growth by
providing information to companies managing natural resources or looking to
relocate or build in the areas we service.

Use of UAS avoids the fuel carrying machines previously necessary to obtaining
critical information. The UAS is safer, environmentally conscious, provides better
perspectives for decision making; allows more frequent and closer monitoring of
agricultural/forestry activities resulting in maximally efficient management and
greater output and economic returns.

By approving the requested exemption, the FAA will create benefits to the
economy, to agriculture/forestry, and to the environment, all of which are ultimately
in the public interest.

IV. SPECIFIC CFRs

RealSkyPics notes that 14 CFR part 21, Subpart (H) mandates an airworthiness
certificate for any aircraft, and that 14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b) require such

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 4 of 12
certificate to be carried within the cockpit or cabin of any craft in flight. In
consideration of the size, weight, speed and limited operating area associated
with small UAVs, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that such
aircraft, including the specific craft to be used by RealSkyPics, meet the
conditions of Section 333. Therefore it is not necessary to seek relief from these
requirements associated with airworthiness certificates.

The petitioner seeks exemption from the above listed CFRs for the following
reasons:

45.23: If necessary we request an exemption from § 45.23 because the UAV will
not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Two-inch lettering is impossible to place on such a small aircraft.
RealSkyPics will mark the UAS in the largest possible lettering.

61.113(a) & (b): The petitioner requests relief in order to allow pilots who hold a
SPORT PILOT (or greater) certificate to serve as the PIC for RealSkyPics
operations. To the extent that an exemption to 61.101(e)(4) or (5) is also needed,
this request includes them. Any pilot operating under this exemption would be
required to comply with any conditions as set forth below, and in a similar fashion
to the previously granted exemptions. See Exemption No. 11462, Skycatch, May
5, 2015.

91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. Since this is physically
impossible for the UAS proposed, RealSkyPics proposes that an equivalent level
of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS
ground station.

91.119(c) As discussed in Exemption 11138 (TRUDEAU), operations conducted
closer than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated closer
than 500 feet to essential persons or objects that would not be possible under
existing regulation. The petitioner requests waiver for this condition to allow
reasonable and responsible operations in areas of low density development as
required. RealSkyPics will not operate UAS in congested areas, and will also only
operate in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing a level of
safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes."
Given the size, weight, maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or
higher level of safety will be achieved. RealSkyPics is prepared to comply with

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 5 of 12
whatever additional conditions the agency finds appropriate to protect persons
and objects on the ground.

91.121 As discussed in Exemption 11138 (TRUDEAU) 91.121 is inapplicable
since the UAS does not have an altimeter and instead utilizes electronic GPS with
a barometric sensor for altitude information. The necessary information is
therefore available to the PIC without altimeter concerns.

91.151(a) and (b) As discussed in Exemption 11136 (ADVANCED AVIATION)
prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the
prescribed minimums. In addition, similar UAS-specific relief has been granted in
Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime, VFR conditions.

We request an exemption from § 91.151(a) respecting fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions. The UAV is 100% electric and two low battery alerts are issued;
per the operating documents, the UAV will be landed at the first alert. Also, our
flights will last less than 15 minutes each, and the UAS has an automated function
which results in immediate landing when a low battery is detected. The PIC will
not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
is enough power to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, land the UA with at least 25% battery power remaining.

RealSkyPics also requests relief from § 91.151(b) which would require landing
when "fuel" (here, battery charge) would allow flight for at least 20 additional
minutes. Given the Phantom 2's flight duration of about 25 minutes, and
RealSkyPics' commitment to not exceed 15 minutes per operation, this regulation
is both unnecessary and not feasible.

91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) & (2); 91.417(a) & (b) As discussed and
approved in Exemption 11138 (TRUDEAU), and in Exemption 11395 (STRAW),
the petitioner proposes to inspect and ensure that the UAS is in a condition for
safe flight in accordance with its operating documents. RealSkyPics proposes to
follow all of the below-listed procedures, conditions and limitations as to
maintenance, inspection, and recordkeeping. RealSkyPics will perform a preflight
inspection of the UAS before each flight as outlined in the attached operating
documents, and of course comply with any additional conditions outlined in a
grant of exemption.

V. OPERATIONS AND SAFETY

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 6 of 12
RealSkyPics will abide by at least the following additional operating conditions
under this exemption, which ensures a level of safety at least equal to existing
rules:

A. Pilots in Command (PIC)
Any other pilots who would conduct flights will hold a minimum of a FAA Sport
Pilot License.

Regarding UAS operational training, we have flown numerous practice flights in
remote areas as hobbyists simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of the UAS' performance under different
temperature and weather conditions.

Any PIC operating our UAS will have accumulated and logged, in a manner
consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS pilot
commanding a multi-rotor UAS. The PIC will also have accumulated and logged a
minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS
to be used for operations. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC will
accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency
purposes) prior to any flight.

B. Voluntary Operational Conditions and Limitations

RealSkyPics will comply with all of the following conditions and limitations (as well
as any others imposed in the FAA decision) should this grant of exemption be
provided:

Operate the UAS for less than 15 minutes per flight;

Land the UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery
power;

Use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it
hovers and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

Conduct all operations under the flight safety protocols contained in the operating
documents and will actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to
constantly update and enhance safety protocols;

Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
potential danger.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 7 of 12
Only operate in safe environments that are strictly controlled, are away from
power lines, elevated lights, airports and densely populated areas (defined by
areas depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts and through obtaining information
regarding congested areas from the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO);

Conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which safety carries
primary importance (reference PHANTOM User Manual).

1. Operations will be limited to the aircraft described in the operating

documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than 3 pounds: PHANTOM
2 vision Plus or Phantom 3 Unmanned Aircraft System.

2. The UA will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

3. The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet above

ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating
documents.

4. The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot In

Command (PIC) at all times.

5. The operating documents will be accessible during UAS operations and

made available to the Administrator upon request. Any revisions to the operating
documents will be presented to the Administrator upon request.

6. Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition

for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UAS, the UAS will not be operated until the necessary maintenance has
been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
Ground Control Station will be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance
and alterations will be properly documented in the aircraft records.

7. Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight

characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight-critical component, will undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight will make an
entry in the aircraft records.

8. The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents will account for

all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 8 of 12
9. RealSkyPics will follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,

maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

10. RealSkyPics will carry out maintenance, inspections, and record keeping

requirements in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
inspection, and alterations will be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight
hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized
person returning the UAS to service.

11. Each UAS operated will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

12. An authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft record of the

corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

13. The PIC will not operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial

videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar
operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent
with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent
with the operating documents, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

14. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR

1.1. All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
(VMC).

15. The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point

as denoted on a current FAA- published aeronautical chart.

16. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet

horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
PIC.

17. Each UAS operated will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

18. If a UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a

predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be
recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

19. The PIC will abort a flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or

emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 9 of 12
20. The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather

conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

21. RealSkyPics will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate

of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations where the UA
will operate above 200 feet AGL, and also request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM)
not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to such an
operation.

22. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for

operation and control of the UA will comply with the Federal Communications
Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
requirements.

23. The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to

the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating.
These documents will be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

24. The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation

operations and activities at all times.

25. The UA will not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

26. Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

     a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect

     nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an
     accident. RealSkyPics will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under
     such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave
     such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations will cease
     immediately.

     b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the

     owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
     permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
     operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an
     undue hazard, and

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 10 of 12
     c. Operations nearer to the PIC, operator trainees or essential persons

     do not present an undue hazard to those persons per §91.119(a).

27. All operations conducted over private or controlled-access property will be

with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. All UAS employed under this exemption will be identified by serial number,

registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47.

29. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or

vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will
be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per

instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

VI. FEDERAL REGISTER
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in
the Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

     In order to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (10lbs or less) for real
     estate and agricultural/forestry functions, applicant RealSkyPics seeks exemption
     from the following rules: 14 C.F.R 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b); 91.7(a);
     91.9 (b)(2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b);
     91.405(a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b).

     Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of small Unmanned Aerial
     Systems (sUAS) for real estate information and in agriculture/forestry management
     provides critical economic information with enhanced safety and reduced risk.
     Manned aircraft monitoring and surveying creates a greater risk because the craft
     are much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In
     contrast, sUAS powered by batteries eliminate virtually all of that risk given the
     reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS carry no
     passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with
     manned aircraft flights. Operation of small sUAS conducted in the strict conditions
     required by FAA approval will provide a public benefit at a level of safety supporting
     the grant of the exemptions requested.

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 11 of 12
VII. PRIVACY

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property
owner's prior consent and knowledge. Images taken will be of individuals who
have also consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area
where aerial photography will take place.

This concludes RealSkyPics application. Please contact me with any questions.
Sincerely,
Les Valsquier
Principle, Freeborn Concepts LLC
dba RealSkyPics
425-971-4999

lesval@gmail.com

FAA-Application for Exemption
RealSkyPics
May 18, 2015

Page 12 of 12
