August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12573
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2358

Mr.Troy Moore
Mr. Julio Velasco
3637 US Highway 259 N.
Apartment 206
Longview, TX 75605

Dear Messrs. Moore and Velasco:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on June 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of FT Aerial Services, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography, videography, surveying, and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, FT Aerial Services, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, FT Aerial Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                              Petition of FT Aerial Services, LLC
                           for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333
                   of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR Part 11,
FT Aerial Services, LLC is hereby requesting an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
Regulations to operate a small Unmanned Aircraft System for the purpose of recording
photography and videography for compensation or hire.

This exemption would permit commercial operation by FT Aerial Services, LLC, using a DJI
Phantom 3 Professional UAS in order to provide the following services:

 real estate advertising
 land surveying
 agricultural surveying
 commercial advertisement
 personal event photography and videography
 commercial event photography and videography
 industrial inspections

FT Aerial Services, LLC's operation under the exemption will be subject to strict operating
requirements and conditions to ensure an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized
operations using manned aircraft and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

FT Aerial Services, LLC respectfully submits this request for an exemption due to its use of
sUASs/UASs. Approval of this exemption would enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

FT Aerial Services, LLC has organized this exemption request as follows:

I. Petitioner's Description
II. Relevant Statutory Authority
III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act
IV. Description of Proposed Operations
V. Regulations from which Exemption is Requested
VI. Public Interest
VII. Privacy
VIII. Federal Registry Summary
IX. Conclusion

I. Petitioner's Description
FT Aerial Services, LLC, headquartered in Longview, TX, is a company that provides aerial
drone footage for consumers and businesses alike. The services we provide include but are
not limited to:

 real estate advertising
 land surveying
 commercial advertisement
 personal event photography and videography
 commercial event photography and videography
 industrial inspections

FT Aerial Services, LLC's goal is to operate in an accident-free environment while serving our
community.

FT Aerial Services, LLC is owned/operated by two managing members with over 10 years of
combined UAS/UAV/Drone experience:

Troy Moore
3637 US Highway 259 N
Apt 206
Longview, TX 75605
(903) 746-1559
troy@ftaerialservices.com

Julio Velasco
605 Old Highway 26
Kilgore, TX 75662
(806) 220-6793
julio@ftaerialservices.com

II. Relevant Statutory Authority

This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) of the Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace ("NAS") before
completion of formal UAS legislation, based on the following considerations:

 The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
 Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
 Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National Airspace
System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in
the National Airspace System."

Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety
regulations and minimum standards, and has done so on numerous occasions, when the
Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest. A party requesting an
exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a
whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at
least equal to the existing rules).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under 40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft
in commercial service:

                The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a
                 regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or

                                                     any of sections.

III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under
Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors are
satisfied.

The proposed operations would permit FT Aerial Services, LLC the use of small unmanned
aircraft systems under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) predetermined; (2) access
controlled; (3) enhanced with an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or
rotor wing aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

FT Aerial Services, LLC uses a UAS (DJI Phantom 3 Professional) that is multi-rotor, weighing
less than 55 pounds, including payload. Under normal conditions, it operates at speeds less
than 50 mph and has the capability to fly, hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal
plane. FT Aerial Services, LLC's UASs will operate in line of sight, during daylight hours, and
will only operate within a sterile area. FT Aerial Services, LLC will operate at or below 400
feet above ground and will file a NOTAM for each flight operated in controlled airspace. All
required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county, or city
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental
agencies prior to operating a UAS.

Given the small size of the UAS's involved and the restricted sterile environment within which
they will operate, FT Aerial Services, LLC's exemption falls within the zone of safety and
demonstrates an equivalent level of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to permit
commercial UAS operations by exemption pending the completion of formal legislation. Also,
due to the size of the UASs and the confined area in which they will operate, approval of the
exemption presents no hazard in the National Airspace System.

Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in
the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of the requested
exemptions is also in the public interest.

IV. Description of Proposed Operations
To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of FT Aerial Services, LLC's proposed UAS
operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions that will ensure an
equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines:
1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds,
2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and observer.
3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the amount of

    time the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power of no less than 25%.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground.
5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot in Command and a Visual

    Observer.
6. Prior to the operations at a particular location, a site inspection will have been

    conducted.
7. All UAS's will be maintained in accordance with inspection programs specified in the

    manufacturer's guidelines.
8. The PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
9. The PIC, VO, and any other operational personnel will have been fully trained prior to

    having any operational responsibilities.
10. All required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county or

    city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental
    agencies.
11. If the UAS loses communication signal, the UAS will have the capability to return to a pre-
    determined location with the sterile area and land.
12. The UAS PIC has the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies.
13. FT Aerial Services, LLC, by following FAA, NTSB, and AFS-80 best practices, will assure no
    individuals' privacy is violated.
14. Procedures have been established by FT Aerial Services, LLC to contact ATC prior to
    operating in airspace other than G.

V. Regulations from which Exemption is Requested

To use a UAS for data collection, FT Aerial Services, LLC requests relief from the following
sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations:

 61.101(e)(4) and (5) and 61.113(a) Private Pilot Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Sections 61.101(e)(4) and (5) and 61.113(a) limits private pilots to non-commercial
operations. However, because the aircraft will not carry pilots or passengers and is limited in
the type of operation and the area of operation, a private pilot can achieve the equivalent
level of safety for the proposed operations as a commercial pilot. First, unlike conventional
manned aircraft, UASs are remotely controlled by a ground based pilot operator in a
controlled and restricted area. Second, the aircraft is much smaller than a manned aircraft
that the level of risk associated with its' operation is diminished from the level of risk
associated with commercial operations contemplated by part 61. Therefore, allowing aircraft
use by a private pilot as the PIC meets or exceeds the present level of safety sought by 14
CFR 61.101(e)(4)&(5) and 61.113(a).

 61.315(a) Sport Pilot Limitations
         Section 61.315(a) limits sport pilots to non-commercial operations. However, because
the aircraft will not carry pilots or passengers and is limited in the type of operation and the
area of operation, a private pilot can achieve the equivalent level of safety for the proposed
operations as a commercial pilot. First, unlike conventional manned aircraft, UASs are
remotely controlled by a ground based pilot operator in a controlled and restricted area.
Second, the aircraft is much smaller than a manned aircraft that the level of risk associated
with its' operation is diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by part 61. Therefore, allowing aircraft use by a private pilot as the PIC meets
or exceeds the present level of safety sought by 14 CFR 61.315(a).

 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Worthiness

         Section 91.7(a) requires a civil aircraft to be in an airworthy condition for operation,
which accordingly includes an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21,
Subpart H. To maintain an equivalent level of safety, the PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in
compliance with the Operating Manual and the FOPM prior to each flight. Additionally, the
Pilot will still comply with 91.7(b) and ensure that the aircraft is in condition for a safe flight.

 91.119(c) Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Section 91.119(c) establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over other
than congested areas. FT Aerial Services, LLC requests authority to operate up to 400 AGL
over uncontested areas. The aircraft will operate in a limited area within pre-defined
boundaries with the consent of the landowner/controller and require that all non-essential
persons remain clear of the flight area during operations. The PIC will make a safety
assessment of the risk of operating the aircraft and ensure no undue hazard is present for
persons or property. Considering the size, weight and speed of the aircraft, these protections
will ensure the equivalent level of safety of minimum safe altitudes. Compared to flight
operations for manned aircraft and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with the
proposed aircraft operations is far less than conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 ft
AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the aircraft will ensure separation with
conventional aircraft.

 91.121 Altimeter Settings

         Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude
by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." The DJI Phantom 3 Professional
does not have a barometric altimeter, but instead uses GPS altitude data. FT Aerial Services,
LLC establishes an equivalent level of safety by requiring the pilot to confirm that the GPS
altitude is set to zero before every flight.

 91.151(a)(1) Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151(a)(1) requires all day VFR flights to operate with enough fuel to fly to
first point of intended landing and then for at least an additional thirty minutes.
         The batteries that power FT Aerial Services, LLC unmanned aircraft systems provide
approximately 23 minutes of powered flight time and therefore is unable to meet this
requirement. However, the DJI Phantom 3 Professional has a low battery alarm along with a
critical battery limit that automatically sends the aircraft back to its departure point. Also,
because the aircraft will be flying in a confined area without the presence of non-essential
persons and with landowner/controller permissions, an equivalent level of safety can be
achieved by flight planning all flights to return to intended landing site with a minimum of
25% reserve power in accordance with the FOPM.

 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance
  Inspections

         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), 91.417(a) and (b) require
that an aircraft operator or owner shall "have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart
E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to FT Aerial Services, LLC operations. Maintenance
will be accomplished by FT Aerial Services, LLC in accordance with the operations manual and
FOPM. The Pilot in Command will ensure that the aircraft is in working order prior to flight
and will perform some maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to
approve the aircraft for return to service." Additionally, the Pilot in Command will conduct
detailed inspections of the aircraft every 10 hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the
PIC is limited to repairing small cracks replacing propellors, and updating software and
firmware. All other maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer.

         FT Aerial Services, LLC will keep a log of maintenance performed. Moreover, FT Aerial
Services, LLC and the PIC are most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain it in
an airworthy condition.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the DJI Phantom 3 Professional
is limited in size, will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the aircraft can land immediately and will be
operating no higher than 400 feet AGL.

VI. Privacy

         There is little concern that the proposed flights will cause invasions of privacy because
flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the land owner's prior
consent and knowledge.

VII. Public Interest

         Use of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional drone is in the public interest because it is safer
for people and structures than conventional manned aircraft. First, risk to the flight crew is
virtually eliminated by using an unmanned aircraft. Second, by flying a small aircraft weighing
less than 55 pounds and carrying no fuel, risk to persons and structures on the ground is
greatly reduced. Finally, use of the DJI Phantom 3 Professional benefits the public because it
is better for the environment through reduction in noise and environmental pollution.

VIII. Federal Registry Summary

         FT Aerial Services, LLC seeks an exemption from the following sections of Title 14 of
the Code of Federal Regulation: 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b) to commercially operate an unmanned aircraft system for commercial purposes
including but not limited to: aerial photography, aerial videography, land surveying, and
industrial inspections.

As established by the UAS exemptions already granted by the FAA, allowing commercial
operations of UASs for aerial photography and videography will enhance safety by reducing
risk. Conventional aerial photography, aerial videography, aerial surveying, and aerial
inspections using manned aircraft present avoidable risks to flight crew and persons and
structures on the ground because the aircraft is flying at low altitudes with large amounts of
fuel. In contrast, a UAS weighing less than 55 pounds and powered by batteries eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the small size and lack of combustible fuel. Environmental risks
are also eliminated by using an aircraft that does not have emissions. Therefore, by using an
UAS for the purposes outlined by FT Aerial Services, LLC, the risk to persons and structures
will be significantly reduced.

IX. Conclusion

         FT Aerial Services, LLC requests an exemption from the aforementioned sections of 14
CFR. The exemption is in the public interest because it will increase safety for persons and
structures and FT Aerial Services, LLC will provide an equivalent or greater level of safety as
provided for in the applicable 14 CFR sections.
