June 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11724
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0161

Mr. Bryan Archer
President
Galaxy UAV Systems (a subsidiary of
 Galaxy Aviation, Inc.)
6215 Kirby Lane
Frisco, TX 75035

Dear Mr. Archer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated January 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Galaxy UAV Systems (a subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation, Inc.) hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct agriculture and aerial surveying missions utilizing
geographic referenced mapping system.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Universeye Penguin and DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Galaxy UAV Systems (a subsidiary of Galaxy
Aviation, Inc.) is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and
(5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.
                                                                                            3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Galaxy UAV Systems (a subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation, Inc.) is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Universeye
    Penguin and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
January 21, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Petition under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act, and
Title 14 Part 11 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)

14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act and 14 C.F.R. Part 11,
Galaxy UAV Systems (Galaxy), a subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation Inc., a Part 145 FAA
Certified Repair Station (FAA Air Agency # 5GXR127C), hereby applies for the grant of
exemption from certain Federal Aviation Regulations for Universeye Penguin
Unmanned Aircraft (Penguin) manufactured by Finwing Technology of China.
The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of
Authorization (COA) to use the Penguin to support agriculture and aerial surveying
missions utilizing geographic referenced mapping system.
The Penguin consists of a lightweight (5 lb) battery operated fixed wing aircraft, a
computer based ground control station (GCS), onboard cameras and associated
communications equipment.
The Penguin Unmanned Aircraft has previously demonstrated to have successfully met
the safety and operational requirements resulting in approval of a COA by FAA
authorizing a major university in Texas to operate it.
The aircraft carries an onboard geographic referenced camera that allows it to perform
precision photogrammetry and crop scouting at the resolutions necessary for precision
agriculture. This high-resolution data can direct variable seeding rates as well as the
precise application of fertilizer and chemicals reducing their use. This data helps
farmers to maximize yields while reducing costs and impacts to the environment. By
approving the exemption, the UAS will create benefits to both agriculture and the
environment which are ultimately in the public interest.

The aircraft will be operated in the field with both a Pilot in Command and a Visual
Observer in accordance with FAA order 8900.1 Volume 16 "Unmanned Aircraft
Systems" with the following additional restrictions:

Original 01/21/2015  Page 1
- All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400' AGL
- Operations will be operated over private property with the permission of the land
owner
- When necessary, applicable permits will be acquired from local authorities
- The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas
- The aircraft will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly of people
- The aircraft will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
- The aircraft will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport
- Operations will be limited to day, visual meteorological conditions
- Aircraft will remain within Visual Line of Sight at no greater than 1/2 NM of the PIC at
all time
- While the aircraft is airborne, the VO will be positioned within voice distance to the PIC
- When necessary and applicable, Galaxy will file a NOTAM providing radial/DME,
radius, and a date/time group for each operation
- The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Order 8900.1 Volume 16
"Airmen Certification".

Additionally, PIC and VO will complete initial training course of maintenance
instructions. Due to the simplicity of the system, we do not anticipate the need for a
supplemental pilot.
For certain complex operations, Galaxy may assign one or two sensor/software
operators near the GCS to process aerial maps utilizing separate computers and
photogrammetry software.
We submit that the combination of ;
- Our demonstrated knowledge of Aviation Safety and FARs via our parent company
( Galaxy Aviation Inc. FAA Part 145 CRS # 5GXR127C ),
- Penguin UAV's light weight and historically demonstrated safe operation and approval
of COA
- fully qualified flight crew
- restricted operations under the guidelines established in FAA Order 8900.1,

         the FAA can have confidence that Galaxy's UAS the operations will have an
equivalent or greater level of safety of manned aircraft performing the same mission.
We are prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an
equivalent level of safety. Additional documents supporting this petition will be
submitted following this request.
We look forward to working with your office. Please contact us at any time if you require
additional information or clarification.

Respectfully,

Bryan Archer                                               Page 2
President
Galaxy UAV Systems (a subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation Inc.)
6215 Kirby Lane, Frisco, Texas 75035
Tel: 469-766-0420
Email: bryan.archer@galaxyuav.com

Original 01/21/2015
                            TABLE OF CONTENTS

NAME, ADDRESS CONTACT INFORMATION OF PETITIONER .......................Page 4

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH GALAXY
SEEKS EXEMPTION...................................................................................................Page 4
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF GALAXY SEEKS AND THE REASONS
GALAXY SEEKS THE RELIEF ......................................................................Pages 4 to 8
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING GALAXY'S REQUEST WOULD
BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ..............................................................................Page 9

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING GALAXY THE EXEMPTION WOULD
NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY .....................................................................Page 10
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...........Page 11

ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT GALAXY'S REQUEST.....................................Pages 12 to 14
ACRONYMS........................................................................ Pages 15 to 16

Original 01/21/2015                                                                                                       Page 3
NAME, ADDRESS AND CONTACT INFORMATION OF PETITIONER

Galaxy UAV Systems
Attn: Bryan Archer
6215 Kirby Lane
Frisco, Texas 75035
Tel: 469-766-0420
Email: bryan.archer@galaxyuav.com

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 CFR TO BE RELIEVED FROM

14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF GALAXY SEEKS AND THE REASONS GALAXY SEEKS
THE RELIEF

14CFR Part 21.191 Experimental Certificates

This regulation establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness
certificate. While the FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for
UAS, we request an experimental certificate be issued for the Penguin under either or
both of the following provisions:

         21.191 Experimental certificates.

          Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:
          (a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment,
          new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
          (b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to show
          compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance of type
          and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and flights to show
          compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.

Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as
market surveys, sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect
that an experimental certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well.

The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under
strict operational requirements. Combined with the fact that the aircraft weighs only 5
pounds and is constructed primarily out of foam, we propose that the Penguin UA will
be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft performing the
same mission.

If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then
we request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an

Original 01/21/2015                                   Page 4
airworthiness certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the
previous paragraph.

14 CFR Part 45.23 Display of Marks & 45.29 Size of Marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's
registration number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must
display the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance
to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. The 5 pound Penguin does not have an entrance
in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration
number assigned to it by the FAA.

We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" on the top of the aircraft, where the PIC, VO and others in the
vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the designation.
If FAA assigns a registration number for the UA, we request that we will display
registration "N" number on the aircraft by using proportionately sized letters for the
Penguin's size.
Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph
will provide the aircraft's registration information should it be found on the ground.
Finally, we will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains
the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since
the aircraft will operate within 1/2 mile of the ground station, the banner should be
visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command and
61.133 Commercial pilot privileges and limitations

Part 61.133 provides;
"A person who holds a commercial pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft--
(ii) For compensation or hire, provided the person is qualified in accordance with this part and with the
applicable parts of this chapter that apply to the operation."

Since there are currently no means available for the pilot of a UAS to gain the
experience in an equivalent category and class in order to apply for a commercial pilot's
license, we propose to generate an equivalent level of safety by requiring our pilots
meet the qualification described by the order 8900.1 volume 16 chapter 4.

Our proposed operations meet the requirements of 8900.1 volume 16 Chapter 4
Section 1 Airman Certification (16-4-1-3-B) subpart (5). It states ;

         "Operations without a pilot certificate may be allowed when all of the following
conditions are met:" ( conditions "a" through "g" )
Condition (a) states that the PIC is required to complete "FAA private pilot ground
instruction" and pass "the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-recognized
equivalents".

Original 01/21/2015  Page 5
Since our operations will meet all the conditions listed , we propose to comply in
accordance with the FAA order 8900.1 ( 16-4-1-3-B-5 : "a" through "g" ). We believe
and request that equivalent safety can be achieved by having our pilots complete,

(1) FAA private pilot ground instruction, and pass the FAA private pilot written
examination, and
(2) hold a Student Pilot Certificate along with current Third Class medical certificate,
and complete logging minimum 5 hours of dual flight instruction time with Certified
Flight Instructor.

If relief from part 61.133 by means of FAA Order (16-4-1-3-B-5 ) is not appropriate, we
subsequently request the exemption from 61.113.
Part 61.113 provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot
in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private
pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if;

     (1) flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we request to be relieved from
this regulation if our pilots at minimum,
(1) hold at least a current private pilot certificate and,
(2) hold a current third class medical certificate.
By meeting conditions (1) and (2), we believe that equivalent level of safety can be
achieved by complying with 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this
application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current,
approved flight manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement
is to ensure that flight manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the
aircraft. We request an exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too
small to carry documentation, the documentation would not be available to the crew.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we propose that
a current, approved Airplane Flight Manual must be available to the crew at the
ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or preparing for flight.

Original 01/21/2015  Page 6
14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

This regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the
aircraft will be operating at a maximum of 400 feet AGL, we cannot comply with this
requirement.

To provide an equivalent level of safety we will only fly over private property with the
permission of the land owner. The land owner will be briefed of the expected route of
flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. We maintain that
due to the small size of the Penguin, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and
structures is not comparable to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting
the exemption.
The aircraft will not be operated over congested areas or over any open air assembly of
persons. The aircraft will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a mechanical system
fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the
surface.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings

The regulation provides that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an
altimeter setting available within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft.
The Penguin aircraft will fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to maintain
hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with other aircraft. As such, an
appropriate altimeter measurement presented to the pilot should be Above Ground
Level and should be based on the barometric pressure at the point of launch.

To provide an equivalent level of safety, the UAS's AGL altimeter will be set to zero on
the ground prior to every flight. Since the aircraft will fly no more than 60 minutes, even
rapid changes in barometric pressure will have limited effect on the safety of the flight.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-
VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing
and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to
provide a reserve of energy as a safety buffer for go-arounds and other delays to
landing.

The Penguin UAS is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight with full
payload, from a single battery charge is 60 minutes. Since the aircraft will never fly
more than 1/2 mile from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge at launch
and landing the aircraft with 10% charge (6 minutes) remaining will ensure that we
meet the intent of reserve energy requirement of this paragraph.
We believe that equivalent level of safety is achieved because from anywhere within 1/2
mile distance to launch/landing point during operation, 10 % charge (6 minutes) is more
than enough for a few go-arounds if necessary.

Original 01/21/2015                                            Page 7
14 CFR 91 Subpart E ( 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417 )
Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the
aircraft in an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs
91.407 and 91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a
person authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that
the PIC, VO or authorized personnel to perform maintenance and inspection of the
aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service."

Due to the fact that our parent company Galaxy Aviation Inc. is a part 145 FAA certified
Repair Station ( # 5GXR127C ), our core expertise is aviation maintenance. The
resources from the Repair Station regarding safety training, quality control, developing
maintenance procedures and other applicable resources, such as a certificated
repairman, are made available to our UAS operations.

Galaxy requests that exemptions to the regulations under conditions below;

(1) Galaxy will develop and maintain Penguin UAS maintenance instructions by
utilizing a combination of provided Finwing Technology's User Manual and FAA
equivalent maintenance techniques and procedures

(2) Galaxy will designate, train, and document the personnel who will be authorized to
perform Inspection, Maintenance and Alterations by means of above stated
maintenance instructions. Such designated personnel may include PIC, VO or FAA
equivalent trained persons, such as a FAA Certificated Repairman

(3) To ensure equivalent level of safety, PIC will inspect the UA before each flight
looking for any structural or mechanical malfunctions, and document discrepancies

Due to the small size, light weight and simplicity of the Penguin UAS, we believe that
the equivalent safety will be achieved by permitting any of the PIC, VO or FAA
equivalent trained personnel, to perform maintenance, inspection and alterations of the
aircraft and " be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service. "

Original 01/21/2015  Page 8
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING GALAXY'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC
INTEREST

We believe that granting our exemption request from,
14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417), is in the public's interest and
will benefit the public as a whole for the following reasons.

    1- According to research done by US Department of Agriculture, Precision
         Agriculture in crop production helps farmers yield more crops and offers less
         impact on environment by applying chemicals more efficiently. Galaxy's
         Penguin UAS offers as one of the tools to support Precision Agriculture.
         Penguin UAS carries an onboard geo-referenced camera system that provides
         high-resolution data to direct variable seeding rates as well as the precise
         application of fertilizer and chemicals, reducing their use. This data helps farmers
         maximize yields while reducing costs and impacts to the environment, which is in
         the public interest.

    2- Galaxy's UAS operations will contribute to a positive aggregate economic
         impact resulting in creation of jobs both direct and indirectly. Economic
         Research estimates that the UAS market will grow from $6 billion to $ 94 billion
         over the next decade resulting in a new workforce development.
         Because Galaxy's operations will create new jobs such as pilots, flight operation
         staff, and administrative supporting staff, it will directly impact positive economic
         outcome, hence granting Galaxy's petition will benefit the public as a whole.

    3- Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
         Commercially flown UAS(s) into the national airspace system, hence the passing
         of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
         Granting Galaxy's petition furthers the public's interest as a demonstrated
         progression of integrating Unmanned Aircraft Systems into National Air Space,
         thus it will benefit public as a whole.

Original 01/21/2015  Page 9
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING GALAXY THE EXEMPTION WOULD
NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY

Galaxy believes that the grant of exemption from,
14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417), will not adversely affect safety
by a combination of the reasons listed below.

    (a) We have stated in the above section " THE EXTENT OF RELIEF GALAXY
         SEEKS AND THE REASONS GALAXY SEEKS THE RELIEF " on pages 4 to 8
         by describing how we intend to mitigate risk and accomplish FAA equivalent and
         acceptable level of safety for each 14 CFR part.

    (b) As a result of Penguin unmanned aircraft's size, weight, speed, operational
         capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line
         of sight, plus a combination of operational conditions and limitations, we believe
         that granting Galaxy's exemption request will not adversely affect safety.

    (c) Our parent company has demonstrated, and been certified by FAA to comply
         with the Part 145 FARs.
         Because enjoying the available resources from our parent company (Galaxy
         Aviation Inc. FAA Part 145 CRS) provides a unique advantage to ensure aviation
         safety, hence we believe that granting Galaxy will not adversely affect safety.

    (d) Galaxy will develop, train and document the completion of "Human Factors "
         Training to the PIC, VO and authorized maintenance personnel.
         Research data suggests that 80% of all Aviation Accidents are caused by
         "Human Factors". By requiring our flight crew and maintenance personnel to
         complete "Human Factors Training", Galaxy will further mitigate safety risk, thus
         the grant will not adversely affect safety.

Original 01/21/2015  Page 10
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER

Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration

Petitioner:
Galaxy UAV Systems (Subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation Inc.)

Petition of exemption from section of
14 CFR Part 21.191
14 CFR Part 45.23, 45.29
14 CFR 61.113, 61.133
14 CFR 91.9, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151
14 CFR 91 Subpart E (91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417)

Description of relief sought;

Galaxy UAV Systems seeks an exemption for commercial operation of the Penguin
unmanned aircraft manufactured by Finwing Technology of China.
The Penguin unmanned aircraft system has an onboard georeferenced mapping
camera system capable of acquiring high resolution data.
Proposed operations will offer precise aerial surveillance to help farming, agriculture,
and other commercial industries.

Original 01/21/2015  Page 11
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO
SUPPORT GALAXY'S REQUEST

Penguin Unmanned Aircraft System consists;

    1- Penguin Unmanned Aircraft made by Finwing Technology of China

    2- Pixhawk Autopilot Controller made by 3D Robotics of California, and other
         onboard equipment such as receivers, batteries, transmitters, antennas

    3- Onboard Mapping Payload
         (a) Downward facing high resolution camera

         (b) Optional front facing camera to aid missions

    4- Ground Control Station with a computer and other related communication
         equipment including
         (a) Manual Control link utilizing a transmitter on 2.4 Gigahertz radio frequency
         (b) Data Control link utilizing GPS and Telemetry radios on 915 Megahertz radio
              frequency
            (FCC license not required for above radio frequencies)

    5- Qualified flight crew and optional one or two sensor/ software operators

   6- Required operation manuals which are located near ground control station

         ( the operation manuals will be submitted following this petition request )

Penguin UAS Specifications

Wing Span                    67.7 inches
Length                       48.5 inches
MTOW                         5 pounds (Maximum Takeoff Weight)
Flight Time                  30 to 60 minutes
Speed Range                  15 knots to 50 knots
Manual Control Frequency     2.4 Gigahertz
Manual Control Range         Line of sight 1.5 mile
Data Control Link Frequency  915 Megahertz
Data Control Link Range      Line of sight 2 mile
Launch Options               Hand Launch or Conventional Runway
Landing Options              Belly Land or Conventional Runway

Original 01/21/2015                                              Page 12
                     Penguin Unmanned Aircraft

Original 01/21/2015                             Page 13
Sample Mapping Mission Flight Patterns

No Privacy Issues

Galaxy's proposed operations will create no privacy issues because the Penguin UAS
will be operating in rural areas within the boundaries of private property with the land
owner's permission.
Galaxy will also obtain any permits or authorizations from local authorities when
necessary.

Original 01/21/2015                     Page 14
AGL                  ACRONYMS
ALoS
AMOC                          Above Ground Level
ASI                           Acceptable Level of Safety
ATC                           Alternative Method of Compliance
ATCAA                         Aviation Safety Inspector
ATS                           Air Traffic Control
AVS                           Air Traffic Control Assigned Airspace
CFR                           Air Traffic Service
COA                           Aviation Safety
CRM                           Code of Federal Regulations
CS                            Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
CRS                           Crew Resource Management
DCP                           Control Station
DHS                           Certified Repair Station
DME                           Divert/Contingency Point
DOD                           Department of Homeland Security
DSA                           Distance Measuring Equipment
FAA                           Department of Defense
FCC                           Detect, Sense, and Avoid System
FARs                          Federal Aviation Administration
FIR                           Federal Communications Commission
FL                            Federal Aviation Regulations
FSIMS                         Flight Information Region
                              Flight Level
FTP                           Flight Standards Information Management
FTS                           System
Galaxy                        Flight Termination Point
Galaxy                        Flight Termination System
GHz                           Galaxy UAV Systems
GCS                           A subsidiary of Galaxy Aviation Inc.
MHz                           Gigahertz
MTOW                          Ground Control Station
NAS                           Megahertz
                              Maximum Takeoff Weight
                              National Airspace System

Original 01/21/2015  Page 15
NM                   Nautical Mile
NOTAM                Notice To Airman
OPA                  Optionally Piloted Aircraft
PIC                  Pilot in Command
Penguin              Penguin Unmanned Aircraft System
Penguin              Penguin Unmanned Aircraft
R&D                  Research and Development
RF                   Radio Frequency
RM                   Risk Management
RNAV                 Area Navigation
RTB                  Return to Base
RVSM                 Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum
TAS                  Traffic Advisory Systems
TC                   Type Certificate
UA                   Unmanned Aircraft
UAS                  Unmanned Aircraft System(s)
UAV                  Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
VFR                  Visual Flight Rules
VMC                  Visual Meteorological Conditions
VO                   Visual Observer

Original 01/21/2015  Page 16
