July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12269
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2137

Mr. Kristopher Graham
Taggart, Rimes and Graham, PLLC
1022 Highland Colony Parkway
Suite 101
Ridgeland, MS 39157

Dear Mr. Graham:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Galloway Advisors, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, surveying, inspections, and mapping.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S1000 +, DJI Phantom 2 Vision +, and
DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Galloway Advisors, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Galloway Advisors, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000 +, DJI
    Phantom 2 Vision +, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                                                      1022 Highland Colony Parkway
                                                                                                                                 Suite 101

                                                                                                                  Ridgeland, MS 39157
                                                                                                                       P: 601.898.8400
                                                                                                                        F: 601.898.8420

                                                                                                                  www.trglawyers.com
                                                                                                                  kris@trglawyers.com

May 20, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request for Galloway Advisors, LLC, Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 91.119(c); 91.121;
91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Galloway Advisors, LLC (Galloway) operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
("sUASs") equipped to conduct commercial aerial data collection1 associated with aerial photography,
surveying, inspection and mapping (hereinafter "the Purpose"), hereby applies for an exemption from
the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as
such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established
by the FAA in an exemption granted under either Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). Galloway
will accept the conditions set forth in Exemptions Nos. 11062, 11080, 11150, 11158, 11213, 11586,
11602 and 11604 ("the Similar Exemptions").

As with the approval of the Similar Exemptions, approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA. Examples
include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF analysis,
etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by instruments aboard
the UA.
The name and address of the applicant is:

Galloway Advisors, LLC

Kristopher A. Graham (ASEL, ASES)
Member
1022 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 101
Ridgeland, MS 39157
Office: 601-898-8400

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. § 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. §61.23 (a) and (c)
14 C.F.R. §61.315(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R.§91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. §91. 409(a)(1) and (2)
14 C.F.R. § 417(a) and (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a)
through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

· The UASs size, weight, speed, and operational capability;

· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and

· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c).
The Federal Aviation Act, in addition to the authority granted by Section 333 of Reform Act, expressly
grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes
exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under § 40101 of the Act, that includes sUASs, from the
requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of the Transportation Act if the
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49 U.S.C. §
44711(a); 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1).

Company Specifics

Galloway Advisors, LLC is a pilot-owned company founded in 2013 to explore the commercial
applications of UASs in the agricultural, forestry, surveying, mapping and real estate industries.
Galloway's UASs are rotorcraft, weighting 55 or fewer lbs. including payload. They operate, under
normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have the capability to hover, and move in
the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate at altitudes of no more than 400 feet,
and only in line of sight.

Galloway will be using the DJI S1000+, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and the DJI Inspire 1 aircraft. They will
operate only within the areas and under the conditions as described in the Aircraft Flight Manuals
("AFM") (hereinafter "the Manuals"). Operations in compliance with these manuals will insure that the
sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public" and that the
aircraft will operate in compliance with the conditions set forth in this application.

In support of this application, Galloway is submitting the following manuals:

    · 14 Channel Computer System 14 SG Instruction Manual (Exhibit 1)

    · A2 Flight Control System User Manual v1.22 (Exhibit 2)

    · DJI Inspire 1 User Manual v1.2 (Exhibit 3)

     DJI Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual v1.0 (Exhibit 4)

     DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines v1.0 (Exhibit 5)

    · DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual v1.8 (Exhibit 6)

    · DJI s1000+ User Manual v1.2 (Exhibit 7)

Aircraft and Equivalent Level of Safety

Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted environment within which they will
operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which
Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to
commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UASs, the restricted areas in which the relevant
sUASs will operate and the fact that aircraft will be flown by pilots holding at least a FAA private pilot
license, approval of the application presents no national security issue. Given the clear direction in
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the
strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated
with allowing battery powered UASs for these functions instead of turbine or gas power
aircraft/rotorcraft and operations with pilots having at least a private pilot license, the grant of the
requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the
FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least
an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure because the
proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the current operations conducted with
conventional aircraft.

Consent to Limitations on Exemption

These limitations and conditions to which Galloway agrees to be bound when conducting commercial
operations under an FAA issued exemption include the following:

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000+, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The exemption
holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine compliance with the 87 knot
speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA
operating airspeed recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL). Altitude
must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC
to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the
PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the visual line of
sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long
as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all
times; electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The
PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

7. An exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations in
accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in a grant of exemption, are hereinafter referred
to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be accessible during UAS operations and
made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
limitations in an exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and
limitations of the exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must
follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and
revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The operator
must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to a grant
of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which
the FAA granted an exemption, then the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of
exemption.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight
prior to conducting further operations under an exemption. Functional test flights may only be
conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at least 500 feet from other people. The functional test
flight must be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition
for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is in a
condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.,
inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe
operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has
been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection,
and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under an exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety bulletins.

13. Under a grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or
a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a
possession, or the Federal Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified
in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to safely
operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under an exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons,
vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner
consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
(training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the
UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under an exemption are permitted under
the terms of an exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential
for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All operations must
be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules
(SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as denoted in the
current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted with an ARP, the center of the
airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement
with that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the
Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-determined
location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the intended operation and to
operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if
greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All operations shall be
conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption holder may apply for a new or
amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of any
attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with an exemption must be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and any
documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents must be made available
to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA
and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons
remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection
and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the
safety of nonparticipating persons; and

b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for operating
closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating persons under
this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from
the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property
owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office
(AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
(NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS operations
must comply with all applicable parts of 14 C.F.R. including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

Risk Reduction and Equivalent Level of Safety

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs for filming real estate, mapping,
surveying, inspection and volunteer search and rescue operations will enhance safety by reducing risk.
Conventional operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet
from the subject being filmed and in extreme proximity to people and structures, and present the risks
associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 6,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or
other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must fly to and from the project location. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk
given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to the target
area and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to
the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in areas that are
under the control of the customer for the inspections and, as a result, are far safer than conventional
operations conducted with turbine helicopters or fixed wing aircraft operating in close proximity to the
ground and people or the use of people to climb the structures to conduct the inspection.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior consent
and knowledge. Inspections will be of inanimate objects in areas where the owners and/or operator will
have consented to observation/ filming or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where inspection will
take place.

Exemptions

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; 61.1.1(e)(4) and (5): Recreational
pilot privileges and limitations; 62.23(a) and (c): Medical certificates: Requirement and duration;
61.315: Sport Pilot

Sections 61.113(a) and (b) and 61.1.1(e)(4) and (5) limit private and recreational pilots to non-
commercial operations. Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed
operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC
operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate
this small UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely
controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all
flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. The level of safety provided
by the requirements included in the Manual exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a
commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation
of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations
contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private
pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b). Under any
exemption granted, the PIC will hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's
license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
Government. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an
aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate. The FAA has granted exemptions for
private pilots to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067
and 11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption
is for a sUAS that could be defined as a helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at
altitudes up to 400 AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. The UAS will never
operate at higher than 400 AGL.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well as the
location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner,
facility owner and local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants
all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations as set forth in the Manual.
Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs.
proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than
those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the aerial
photography industry. In addition, the low- altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation
between these small-UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with
Section 91.119. The FAA has granted exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062,
11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067 and 11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings.

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to
an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the sUAS in at least one operating mode will not have a barometric
altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The FAA has granted
exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067 and
11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions.

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least
30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the sUAS provides up to 15 minutes of powered flight for the S1000+, up to 25
minutes for the Phantom 2 Vision+ and up to 18 minutes for the Inspire 1. Meeting the 30 minute
reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 would not be possible.

Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior
exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without
compliance with FAR 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people
and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than
30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to
alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety
can be achieved by limiting flights to 25% of battery power. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673,
10808 and Exemptions 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067 and 11080.

14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(1) and (2); 417(a) and (b): Maintenance Inspections.

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these
sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to
the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in the attached manuals and per the
manufacturer's recommendations. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small
UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in areas for limited periods
of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight,
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator
is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. The FAA has granted exemptions for similar
operations in Exemptions 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067 and 11080.
14 C.F.R. §91.7: Civil aircraft airworthiness
As there will be no airworthiness certificate for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA
regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft, regular
maintenance and the use of a safety checklist prior to all flights, an equivalent level of safety can be
maintained.
Summary for Federal Register
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: Applicant seeks an exemption
from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 61.113 (a) and (b); 61.23(a) and (c);
61.315(a); 91.7(a); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2) and
91.417(a) and (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or less) for use in aerial
data acquisition.

Conclusion
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight
and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS for the Purposes outlined herein and are
consistent with exemptions already granted, including Exemptions 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11150, 11158, 11213, 11586 and 11604.

                                                                               Respectfully submitted,
                                                                               This the 20th day of May, 2015.

                                                                               Kristopher A. Graham

Enclosures
