August 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12625
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2446

Mr. Gary Buzel
8211 Vincetta Drive
Apartment 16
La Mesa, CA 91942-2440

Dear Mr. Buzel:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, and search and rescue operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Gary Buzel is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Gary Buzel is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
June  2,  2015  

  

FROM:              Gary  Buzel  

      8211  Vincetta  Dr.,  Apt.  16  

      La  Mesa,  CA    91942-2440  

      858-361-9711  

      gbuzel@gmail.com  

  

  

TO:                U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  

      Docket  Management  System  

      1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  S.E.  

      Washington,  DC    20590  

  

Subject:     Exemption  Request  under  section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  and  Part  

11  of  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  contained  in  14  CFR:  45.23(b),  91.103,  

91.109,  91.119,  91.121,    91.151(a),  91.203(a),  91.7(a),  91.9(b)(2),    91.405(a),  

91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(2),  91.417(a)(b).  

  

  

To  whom  it  may  concern:  

  

     I  am  writing  the  exemption  request  on  my  own  behalf,  acting  as  pro  pur  -  

without  counsel.      

  

   Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  

(the  "Reform  Act")  and  C.F.R.  Part  11,  Gary  Buzel  (petitioner,  applicant,  operator,  

operational  control),  owner  and  operator  of  a  Small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  

(sUAS)  seek  exemptions  from  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  detailed  herein  for  the  

operation  of  lightweight  aerial  imaging  equipment  for  the  purposes  of  aerial  

photography,  videography,  and  for  search  and  rescue  operations.    
   The  reason  this  applicant  is  requesting  exemptions  from  the  listed  Federal  
Aviation  Regulations  is  to  allow  for  commercial  operation  of  a  sUA  to  collect  aerial  
images/video  for  real  estate,  weddings,  newsgathering,  and  search  and  rescue  
events  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  within  and  under  the  conditions  
outlined  herein  or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.1.  
  
The  Petitioner/Operator:  
  

         The  petitioner  ­  Gary  Buzel  has  been  a  licensed  pilot  since  1995  currently  
holding  an  Airline  Transport  Pilot  Certificate  (#3003234)  for  Multi  Engine  Land  and  
CE-500  (Cessna  Citation  II  Jet)  type,  and  Commercial  Pilot  Privileges  for  Single  
Engine  Land  and  Sea  Airplane.    The  petitioner  also  holds  a  Certified  Flight  Instructor  
Certificate  (#3003234  CFI)  for  Airplane  Single/Multi  Engine  and  Instrument  
Airplane.    The  petitioner  holds  a  Ground  Instructor  for  Instrument  and  Advanced.    
The  petitioner  has  3990  hours  total  time,  3872  in  airplanes,  18  in  rotorcraft,  and  has  
been  a  past  aviation  safety  counselor  with  the  Bradley  International  (Windsor  
Locks,  CT  KBDL)  flight  standards  district  office  (FSDO)  under  the  leadership  of  FAA  
Aviation  Safety/Operations  Inspector  James  Adams.        
  
   The  petitioner  has  5  years  experience  in  aerial  photography  from  Cessna  
172,  182  and  PA-28-181  manned  aircraft  platform.    The  petitioner  has  been  flying  
model  aircraft  since  he  was  13,  and  has  been  flying  sUAS  "quadcopters"  for  2  years  
as  a  hobbyist  and  has  approximately  200  hours  of  total  sUAS  time.        
  
   The  petitioner  has  instilled  safety  protocols  derived  from  his  training  as  a  
manned-aircraft  professional  pilot  in  combination  with  working  with  interests  on  
the  ground  to  avoid  and  prevent  an  sUAS  being  a  public  hazard  both  in  the  air  and  
on  the  ground.      The  petitioner  is  available  to  offer  assistance  to  the  FAA  in  
developing  operational  and  safety  protocols  for  sUAS's  to  be  integrated  into  the  
National  Airspace  System  (NAS).    The  petitioner  believes  that  his  exemption,  if  
granted,  would  provide  the  FAA  with  an  analytical,  expanded  and  diverse  sUAS  
experience  to  help  establish  the  necessary  requirements  and  protocols  for  the  safe  
operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  numerous  applications  within  the  NAS.    
Aircraft  
  
   The  petitioner  will  operate  a  sUAS  made  by  manufacturer  DJI,  model  Inspire  
1/T600.    Serial  number  W13DCA16020308,  FAA  registered  under  tail  number  
N774GB.    The  Inspire  1/T600  description  and  equipment  is  as  follows:  
  

    · The  Inspire  1/T600  is  a  sUAS  quadcopter  made  by  DJI  that  has  a  fixed  
         camera  gimbal  attached  to  a  4K  camera  which  sits  below  the  aircraft  
         fuselage.    This  camera  allows  the  operator  on  the  ground  to  see  a  720P  high  
         resolution  a  view  from  the  aircraft  that  can  be  rotated  a  360  degree  angle  in-
         flight.      

    · Max  takeoff  weight  is  6.47  pounds  
    · Downlink  telemetry  to  allow  the  operator  to  see  onboard  information  

         relating  to  safe  operations  of  flight  including  but  not  limited  to;  battery  
         percentage  remaining,  overall  status  of  flight  systems,  GPS  location  for  
         position  hold,  auto  return  to  home,  and  operational  failsafes.  
    · The  Inspire  1/T600  is  limited  by  its  software  to  a  maximum  ascent  rate  of  
         984  feet  per  minute  and  an  altitude  of  400  feet.    Its  maximum  forward  speed  
         is  49  statue  miles  per  hour  or  37  knots.  
    · The  Inspire  1/T600  is  powered  by  a  5700  mah,  22  volt  battery,  providing  22  
         minutes  of  flight  time  under  standard  conditions  per  specifications.    The  
         aircraft  alerts  the  operator  with  visual  and  audible  warnings  at  35%  of  
         battery  remaining.    The  aircraft  will  not  be  operated  in  the  air  with  less  than  
         35%  of  battery  remaining,  and  0-35%  is  kept  as  emergency  reserve  to  power  
         the  sUAS  to  a  safe  landing  location  in  the  event  of  an  emergency.      
  
  
Ground  Based  Control  and  Communications  System  
  
    · The  Inspire  1/T600  is  controlled  using  a  DJI  manufactured  transmitter,  
         operating  on  FCC  authorized  frequencies  of  the  2.4  GHz  band  (2.4  ­  2.483  
         GHz)    See  Manual  page  57  for  radio  transmitter  specifications.      The  
         transmitter  has  been  approved  by  the  Federal  Communications  Commission  
         and  bears  approval  logo  on  the  transmitter.    
           
    · The  above  listed  transmitter  has  a  lithium  polymer  battery  powering  the  unit  
         for  approximately  4  hours  time  between  charges  according  to  DJI  
         specifications.  

  
    · The  Inspire  1/T600's  controller  will  be  utilized  by  a  single  operator,  but  will  
         require  a  visual  observer  when  necessary  

  
    · The  Inspire  1/T600  when  coupled  with  an  Apple  iPad  Air  2  provides  the  
         operator  with  a  moving  map  display  showing  exact  aircraft  position,  and  HD  
         video  from  the  aircraft  camera.    Also  the  controller  has  it's  own  GPS  receiver  
         establishing  a  "home  point"  on  each  take  off,  therefore  calibrating  the  aircraft  
         to  return  to  this  takeoff  point  in  the  event  of  a  control  link  signal  loss  or  
         interference.      

  
    · Gary  Buzel  ­  the  petitioner/operator  while  engaged  in  sUAS  flight  under  this  
         exemption  will  be  carrying  a  Yaesu  FTA-550,  Air  Band  communications  radio  
         serial  number  #4N100614.    The  radio  is  capable  of  transmitting  and  
         receiving  radio  signals  on  the  IACO  radio  aviation  band  of  118.000  to  
         136.975  MHz.    The  radio  has  a  transmit  power  output  of  5  watts  AM  PEP.    
         While  the  sUAS  is  in  flight  in  Class  G  and  E  airspace  the  operator,  and/or  
         observer  will  monitor  "guard"  frequency  of  121.500  MHz.    If  operations  are  
         in  controlled  airspace  Classes  B,C,D,E,  the  operator  will  monitor  and  
         communicate  directly  if  needed  with  the  ATC  facility  in  charge  of  that  
         respective  airspace.    Communications  with  ATC  will  be  standard  aviation  
         communication  etiquette/procedures  utilizing  the  sUAS's  "N"  number  issued  
         by  the  FAA  registration  branch  to  identify  this  aircraft  to  ATC.    Having  real  
         time  radio  communications  with  ATC  and  nearby  aircraft  we  believe  adds  a  
         significant  margin  of  safety  to  our  operation  and  the  operations  of  other  
         manned  aircraft  in  the  NAS.    The  operator  also  holds  an  FCC  restricted  radio  
         telephone  operator  permit.  
  
    · Gary  Buzel  will  be  the  sole  operator  of  the  sUAS  for  each  flight,  and  when  
         necessary  will  partner  with  a  Visual  Observer  to  assist  in  keeping  in  sight  the  
         sUAS  at  all  times.    The  Visual  Observer  will  assist  the  operator  with  obstacle  
         clearance,  people  separation  and  navigation  over  terrain.      
  
  
  
Operator's  -  Safety  Plan  
           
    · Compliance  with  all  FAA,  state,  and  local  municipal  regulations.    
    · Altitude  of  operations  less  than  400  Feet  AGL,  although  most  operations  will  
         be  at  "tree  line  level"  or  under  200  feet.  
    · Preflight  aircraft  inspections  conducted  prior  to  each  flight  per  DJI  
         Inspire1/T600  operators  guide.  
    · Postflight  aircraft  inspection  conducted  to  each  flight  per  DJI  Inspire1/T600  
         operators  guide  
    · Operator  will  conduct  preflight  planning,  to  include  a  weather  briefing  via  
         DUATS  or  FSS,  NOTAM/TFR/MOA  checks,  battery  -  power  management  
         calculations,  and  any  COA  requests  or  ATC/Airport  management  
         notifications  done  before  flight.      
    · No  operations  directly  over  people  or  crowds.  
    · Operations  will  be  only  during  daylight  times,  in  VMC  conditions,  weather  
         minimums  include  500  feet  below,  2,000  feet  horizontal  from  clouds,  and  
         minimum  3  statue  miles  visibility.      No  Special  VFR  or  IFR  flights  will  be  
         conducted.      

    · Any  inflight  emergencies  will  result  in  an  immediate  landing.    There  will  be  
         no  "land  when  practicable"  operations.      

    · The  Inspire  1/T600  will  be  maintained  per  DJI  instructions,  and  will  follow  
         manufacturer  safety  bulletins.      

    · If  operating  near  an  airport  or  in  Class  B,C,D  airspace  under  a  COA,  operator  
         will  notify  ATC  via  telephone  prior  to  takeoff  and  notify  via  radio  utilizing  the  
         sUAS's  tail  number.    If  radio  or  telephone  communications  cannot  be  
         established  with  ATC/Tower,  the  flight  will  not  commence.      

    · When  operating  inflight,  operator  will  monitor  "GUARD"  frequency  of  121.5  
         MHZ  and  comply  with  any  emergency  requests  if  received.      

    · Operator  will  grant  right  of  way  to  ALL  other  manned  operations  and  
         activities  at  all  times.  

Lastly,  the  petitioner's  safety  plan  is  to  operate  the  aircraft  within  the  limitations  
provided  by  DJI  ­  The  manufacturer.    This  is  to  include,  weight  and  balance,  speed  
limitations,  and  altitude  limitations.  
  
Statutory  Authority  
  
   Section  333,  titled  "Special  Rules  for  Certain  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems,"  
provides  a  mechanism  for  seeking  expedited  FAA  authorization  of  safe  civil  sUAS  
operations  in  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS).    Section  333(a)  states  that  the  
FAA  "shall  determine  if  certain  unmanned  aircraft  systems  may  operate  safely  in  the  
national  airspace  system  before  completion  of  the  comprehensive  plan  and  
rulemaking  required  by  section  332(b)(1)  of  this  Act  or  the  guidance  required  by  
section  334  of  this  Act."    In  Section  332(b)(1),  Congress  made  it  clear  that  Section  
333  provides  a  mechanism  for  "expedited  operational  authorization."    The  FAA  has  
committed  to  complying  with  this  mandate  by  granting  several  petitions  almost  
identical  to  the  one  at  hand.    See,  e.g.  Exemption  No.  11062,  Regulatory  Docket  No.  
FAA-2014-0352  (granting  regulatory  exemptions  to  Astreus  Aerial  for  operation  of  
unmanned  aircraft  systems  for  the  purpose  of  filming  for  the  motion  picture  and  
television  industry  and  aerial  videography).  
  
   Section  333(b)  identifies  several  factors  that  the  FAA  should  consider  in  
determining  whether  commercial  sUAS  operations  should  be  approved.    These  
include  sUAS  that,  "as  a  result  of  their  size,  weight,  and  speed,  operational  capability,  
proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas,  and  operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  
do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  
security."    See  section  333(b).  
  
   In  addition  to  the  specific  authority  conferred  by  Section  333,  the  FAA  
Administrator  has  general  authority  to  grant  exemptions  from  the  FAA's  safety  
regulations  and  minimum  standards  when  the  Administrator  decides  a  requested  
exemption  is  in  the  public  interest.    See  U.S.C.  §  44701(f)  
  
Requested  Exemptions  
  
14  CFR  Part  21  and  14  CFR  91.203(a):    Airworthiness  Certificates  
  
The  petitioner  seeks  exemptions  to  apply  for  and  maintain  airworthiness  
certification  for  our  sUAS.    Model  and  serial  numbers  of  our  sUAS  is  provided  above.      
  
The  petitioner  will  keep  his  sUAS  in  a  safe,  reliable,  and  airworthy  condition,  but  it  
may  not  meet  all  standards  set  forth  by  part  91.203.    Petitioner/operator  will  
assume  all  responsibility  for  determining  that  the  sUAS  is  in  a  condition  safe  for  
flight,  as  well  as  a  condition  that  will  not  harm  other  people  or  property.    This  will  
be  facilitated  by  operator  using  specific  guidelines  from  the  manufacturer,  DJI,  as  
well  as  following  any  guidance  set  for  routine  maintenance.        
14  CFR  45.23(b):    Display  of  Marks;  general  
  
Under  this  part  it  is  required  that  each  operator  must  display  on  that  aircraft  marks  
consisting  of  the  Roman  Capital  "N"  followed  by  the  registration  number  of  the  
aircraft.    And  near  the  entrance  to  the  cabin  or  canopy  etc.,  in  letters  between  2-6  
inches  in  size  the  word  "experimental."..      
  
The  Inspire  1/T600  sUAS  is  physically  too  small  to  place  "N"  numbers  and  
"experimental"  identifiers  of  this  size  specified  in  this  section.    We  can  comply    
completely  with  an  "N"  number  and  the  "experimental"  identifier  but  at  a  smaller  
size  (around  1")  is  necessary  to  fit  on  the  external  shell  of  the  Inspire1/T600  sUAS.      
  
  
  
14  CFR  91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness  
  
This  section  states  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  an  
airworthy  condition.      
  
Assuming  no  airworthiness  certificate  will  be  required  due  to  relief  requested  from  
14  CFR  21  (above),  no  regulatory  standard  exists  for  determining  airworthiness.    
The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  through  the  implementation  of  the  
flight  manual  and  maintenance  manual  procedures,  pilot  training/experience,  and  
analytical  risk  management  for  each  flight.      
     
    
14  CFR  91.9(b)(2):    Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  in  the  Aircraft  
  
This  section  states  that  no  person  shall  operate  a  US  registered  civil  aircraft  for  
which  a  rotorcraft  flight  manual  is  not  required  by  §21.5  unless  there  is  available  in  
the  aircraft  a  current  approved  rotorcraft  manual  material,  markings,  and  placards,  
or  any  combination  thereof.      
  
The  Inspire  1/T600  sUAS,  given  its  size  and  configuration  has  no  ability  or  place  to  
carry  such  a  flight  manual  on  the  aircraft,  not  only  because  there  is  no  pilot  on  
board,  but  because  there  is  no  room  or  physical  capacity  capability  to  carry  such  an  
item  on  the  aircraft.    The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  the  operator  
keeping  the  flight  manual  at  the  ground  control  station,  immediately  accessible  by  
the  operator  during  operations.      Previous  precedence  is  resident  in  Exemptions  
8607,  8737,  f8738,  9299,  9299A,  9565,  9565B,  10167,  10167A,  10602,  f32827,  and  
10700.  
  
  
14  CFR  91.103:  Preflight  Action  
  
This  section  requires  each  pilot  in  command  to  take  certain  actions  before  flight  to  
insure  the  safety  of  the  flight.    As  FAA  approved  rotorcraft  flight  manuals  will  not  be  
provided  for  the  aircraft  an  exemption  is  requested  for  relief.    An  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  obtained  through  the  operator's  use  of  the  DJI  Inspire  1  Owners  
manual  along  with  the  petitioner's/operator's  safety  plan  outlined  above  (supra).  
Extensive  flight  planning  under  these  practices  will  provide  the  equivalent  level  of  
safety.        
  
  
14  CFR  91.109:  Flight  Instruction  
  
This  section  states  that  no  person  shall  operate  a  civil  aircraft  (except  a  manned  free  
balloon)  that  is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  
functioning  dual  controls.  
  
The  Inspire  1/T600  like  almost  all  sUAS  aircraft    by  their  design  do  not  have  fully  
functional  dial  controls.    Flight  control  is  accomplished  through  the  use  of  a  control  
box  that  communicates  with  the  aircraft  via  a  2.4  GHz  radio  communications  link.    
The  FAA  has  approved  exemptions  for  flight  training  without  fully  functional  dual  
controls  for  a  number  of  aircraft  and  for  flight  instruction  in  experimental  aircraft.    
See  exemption  notes  5778K  and  9862A.    The  equivalent  level  of  safety  provided  by  
the  fact  that  neither  pilot  nor  passengers  will  be  carried  in  the  aircraft  and  training  
would  be  conducted  at  an  FAA  approved  training  site,  operating  under  a  COA.      If  
training  would  be  conducted  it  should  be  noted  that  the  petitioner  holds  a  Certified  
Flight  Instructors  Certificate  (3003234  CFI  exp.  07/2017)  for  single  and  multi  
engine  airplane,  and  instrument  airplane.      
  
  
14  CFR  91.119:  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  
  
This  section  establishes  safe  altitudes  for  operation  of  civil  aircraft.    Section  
91.119(d)  allows  rotorcraft  to  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed,  
provided  the  person  operating  the  helicopter  to  be  operated  at  less  than  the  
minimums  prescribed,  provided  the  person  operating  the  helicopter  complies  with  
any  route  or  altitudes  prescribed  for  rotorcraft  by  the  FAA.    As  this  exemption  is  for  
a  sUAS,  that  is  a  rotorcraft  and  the  exemption  requests  authority  to  operate  at  
altitudes  from  the  surface  to  400'  AGL,  an  exemption  may  be  needed  to  allow  such  
operations.    As  set  forth  herein,  except  for  the  limited  conditions  stated  in  the  DJI  
Inspire  1/T600  manual,  the  sUAS  will  never  operate  at  an  altitude  higher  than  400'  
AGL.    It  will  however  be  operated  in  a  restricted  area  with  a  bounded  security  
perimeter  where  buildings  and  individuals  will  not  be  exposed  to  operations  
without  their  pre-obtained  consent.    This  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  utilizing  
telemetry  from  the  Inspire  1/T600  sent  back  to  the  operator's  console.    Telemetry  
includes  the  following  flight  data:  altitude  (AGL),  vertical  and  horizontal  speed,  
direction  and  distance  from  operator.      
  
The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  speed,  of  the  
sUAS  as  well  as  the  location  where  it  will  be  operated  over.    No  flight  will  be  taken  
without  the  permission  of  the  property  owner  or  local  authorities.    Because  of  this  
advance  notice  to  the  property  owner,  and  participants,  all  affected  individuals  will  
be  aware  of  the  flight  operations.    Compared  to  flight  operations  with  rotorcraft  or  
fixed  wing  aircraft  weighing  more  far  more  than  the  maximum  55  pounds  proposed  
in  this  exemption  herein  and  the  lack  of  flammable  fuel,  the  risks  involved  we  
believe  are  far  less  than  those  presently  presented  with  conventional  aircraft  used  
for  our  stated  purposes.    In  addition,  a  level  of  safety  to  aircraft  operating  in  the  NAS  
will  be  achieved  through  our  flights  being  at  the  lowest  altitude  possible  below  400'  
AGL,  and  offering  full  right  of  way  to  approaching  aircraft.      
  
  
14  CFR  91.121:  Altimeter  Settings    
  
This  section  requires  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  to  maintain  cruising  altitude  
by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set  "to  the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  
an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  departure."    As  the  sUAS  may  not  
have  a  barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  a  GPS  altitude  readout,  an  exemption  may  
be  needed.    An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  obtained  by  the  operator,  operating  
the  aUAS  pursuant  to  the  manual  and  safety  checklist,  confirming  the  altitude  of  the  
takeoff  site  shown  on  the  GPS  altitude  indicator  before  each  flight.  
  
  
  
14  CFR  91.151(a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions  
  
This  section  prohibits  an  individual  from  beginning  a  "flight  in  an  airplane  under  
VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  
enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing,  and  assuming  normal  
cruising  speed  ­  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes.      
  
The  battery  power  system  in  the  DJI  Inspire  1/T600  sUAS  provides  the  aircraft  with  
approximately  25  minutes  of  total  flight  time.  When  the  Inspire  1/T600  battery  is  at  
25%  approx.  10  minutes  of  flight  time  is  left.    As  stated  in  our  safety  plan  above,  the  
sUAS  will  not  be  operated  with  less  than  35%  or  approx.  12  minutes  of  flight  time  
remaining.    The  operator  needs  relief  from  the  30  minute  requirement  stated  in  this  
section  as  that  time  is  longer  than  the  useful  flight  time  of  the  aircraft  altogether.      
  
  
14  CFR  91.203(a)  and  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration  
  
This  section  requires  that  a  person  carry  an  appropriate  airworthiness  certificate  
that  is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  
crew.    The  sUAS  has  no  onboard  pilot  or  passenger,  and  no  area  to  stow  these  
required  papers.      
  
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  keeping  these  documents  at  the  
ground  control  point  where  the  pilot  flying  the  sUAS  will  have  immediate  access  to  
them,  to  the  extent  they  are  applicable  to  the  sUAS.    The  FAA  has  issued  numerous  
exemptions  to  this  regulation.    A  representative  sample  of  other  exceptions  includes  
Exemption  numbers:  9565,  9665,  9789,  9789A,  9797,  9797A,  9816A,  and  10700.  
  
  
14  CFR  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(2),  91.417(a)(b):  Maintenance  
Inspections  
  
These  sections  require  that  an  aircraft  operator  or  owner  "shall  have  that  aircraft  
inspected  as  prescribed  in  Subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  between  required  
inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  have  discrepancies  
repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter....,"  and  other  shall  inspect  or  
maintain  the  aircraft  in  compliance  with  Part  43.    Given  that  these  sections  and  Part  
43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate,  these  sections  will  not  
apply  to  the  petitioner.    Maintenance  will  be  accomplished  by  the  operator  pursuant  
to  the  DJI  flight  manual  and  operating  handbook.  
  
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  because  these  physically  small  and  
lightweight  small  sUAS's  are  very  limited  in  size  and  will  carry  a  very  small  payload  
operating  only  in  restricted  operational  areas  for  limited  periods  of  time.    If  
mechanical  issues  arise,  the  sUAS  will  land  immediately  and  will  be  no  higher  than  
400'  AGL.    As  provided  in  the  flight  manual,  the  operator  will  ensure  that  the  sUAS  is  
in  working  order  prior  to  starting  a  flight,  performing  any  required  maintenance  
beforehand.    Moreover,  the  operator  is  the  person  most  familiar  with  the  aircraft  
and  best  suited  to  maintain  the  aircraft  in  an  airworthy  condition  to  provide  the  
equivalent  level  of  safety.      
  
Closing  
  
Gary  Buzel  is  committed  to  safe  flight  practices,  while  integrating  safe  sUAS  
operations  to  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS).    We  are  confident  in  executing  
commercial  sUAS  operations  that  are  safe,  and  provide  a  service  to  the  public.      
  
Gary  Buzel  is  prepared  to  respond  to  any  concerns  and  I  look  forward  to  working  
with  the  FAA  on  this  important  exemption.    Please  contact  us  with  any  follow-up  
questions  or  concerns.  
  
  
Respectfully  Submitted,  
  
  
__________________________________________  
Gary  Buzel  
ATP  Pilot  Cert  #  3003234  
