August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12561
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2382

Mr. Gary S. Berg
50 Gephart Road
Yakima, WA 98901

Dear Mr. Berg:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 and 3D Robotics X8.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Gary S. Berg is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Gary S. Berg is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3 and
         3D Robotics X8 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Gary S. Berg 
50 Gephart Rd. 
Yakima, WA  98901 
2535698243 
gbergimages@gmail.com 
 
Date: May 28, 2015 
 
 
U. S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations 
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12140 
1200 New Jersey Ave. SE 
Washington, DC 20590 
 
RE: Petition of Gary S. Berg for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act 
Attn: To whom it may concern 
 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) 
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Gary S. Berg ("Petitioner"), developer and operator of Small 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct aerial photography and 
videography, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations 
("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are 
conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the 
FAA as required by Section 333.1. 
 
As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, 
unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) 
limited 2) predetermined and 3) controlled. The proposed exemption, if granted, would allow 
Gary S. Berg to conduct commercial operations of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") 
or Unmanned Air Vehicles ("UAV's") while meeting or exceeding all of the operational and 
safety requirements Congress has set forth in Section 333. 
 
Petitioner holds an FAA airman's certificate (Private Pilot, Single Engine Land) as well as a 
Washington state driver's license, (See Appendix A) and has been been designing, building, 
and flying radio controlled aircraft for over 40 years.  Petitioner has experience with nearly 
every type of radiocontrolled aircraft from trainers to high performance aerobatic models, 
single engine, multi engine, sailplanes, helicopters, and multirotors.  The Petitioner had a 
high performance airplane design published in Model Airplane News magazine in 1989.  (See 
Appendix B). 
 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems are oftentimes seen as superior to manned airplanes and 
helicopters due to the small size of the aircraft, cheaper equipment and personnel cost, and 
reduced noise and minimal environmental impact, all of which promotes public safety. 
 
The UAS, powered by batteries, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than larger aircraft 
running on combustible fuel.  It operates at lower altitudes with no people on board, thereby 
reducing risk and enhancing safety when compared to a manned aircraft. The likelihood of an 
accident resulting in death, serious bodily injury, or significant property damage is greatly 
reduced. With a small payload and maximum flight time of only 30 minutes, there is little or no 
risk to national security. 
 
Low level oblique photos and video from several angles are far more effective than ground 
based imagery for displaying the characteristics of large, complex properties with several 
buildings and large trees. As a Private Pilot, the Petitioner is familiar with the cost and 
capabilities of lightweight, manned General Aviation aircraft.  A UAS safely operates in a 
much smaller space and at a fraction of the cost of a manned aircraft. The benefits of reduced 
cost and improved quality of presentation from the UAS will be a valuable benefit to many 
potential clients for a variety of uses. 
 
Petitioner plans to exploit the capabilities of Unmanned Aerial Systems to offer a multitude of 
services, including but not limited to: 
 

          Aerial photography 
          Event Photography/Videography 
          Agricultural imaging 
          Real Estate Photography 
          Aerial mapping/surveying 
          Construction site inspections and monitoring 
          Search and Rescue 
          News gathering 
          UAS design/construction/testing 
          Flight training 
 
Statutory Authority Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems", 
provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS operations in 
the NAS. Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft 
systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the 
(comprehensive) plan and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the 
guidance required by section 334 of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1), Congress made it clear 
that Section 333 provides a mechanism for "expedited operation authorization" if several 
factors are met. Petitioner meets all requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS 
operations. The Petitioner requests relief from the following, as well as any other regulations 
the FAA deems appropriate: 
 
Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 
14 C.F.R. Part 21 
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b) 
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2) 
14 C.F.R. 91.109 
14 C.F.R. 91.119 
14 C.F.R. 91.121Page 3 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91.205 (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91.215 
14 C.F.R. (91.401  91.417) 
 
In addition, the FAA has levied several restrictions in granting previous 333 exemptions. 
Although there is no FAR to be exempted from which would allow the following, the Petitioner 
seeks explicit written permission for the following: 
 

     Eliminate 3Days Notice to the nearest FAA district office for flight in Class G Airspace. 
                   The requirement to notify the nearest FAA district office 3 days in advance of 
                   any commercial flight places an unnecessary burden on the operator of a UAS 
                   when flying in Class G airspace.  In many cases, it may prevent a timely UAS 
                   flight entirely when it could be most beneficial, such as for news gathering or 
                   search and rescue.  For agricultural imaging, flights will take place over large 
                   fields of crops, far from any airports or populated areas. When developing a 
                   new unmanned aircraft, several test flights are often made daily, with changes 
                   noted and results logged.  A 3day notice requirement would greatly slow 
                   innovation and development.  Furthermore, if 3 days notice is given for a flight 
                   and then weather conditions prevent the flight, another 3 day notice period 
                   must pass before the flight can take place. 
                    
                   This requirement is not levied upon the pilot of a recreational flight.  A hobby 
                   pilot is only asked to notify the control tower or airport manager before flying 
                   within 5 miles of an airport.  When compared to a hobby flight that can take 
                   place at any time, a professional commercial UAS operator will have the 
                   experience, superior equipment, and wellestablished procedures to allow for 
                   safe flight when and where necessary in Class G airspace.  For flights within 
                   Class B, C, D or E airspace the Petitioner will seek to establish a memorandum 
                   of agreement with the local Air Traffic Control authority which will specify 
                   acceptable operating standards within that airspace.  Until such a 
                   memorandum is in place, 3 days notice to the local FAA district office is 
                   acceptable.  Flight within Class A airspace is not applicable to this petition. The 
                   Petitioner hereby requests relief from requiring 3 days notice of a flight to the 
                   local FAA district office when that flight is to take place in Class G airspace, 
                   and within other airspace types as outlined above. 
           
          
     Allow Night UAS Operations 
                   The prohibition of commercial UAS flight at night is unnecessarily restrictive 
                   and may prevent UAS flight when it might be most beneficial, such as for news 
                   gathering or search and rescue.  Events to be photographed or filmed often 
                   happen after dark.  There is no such night prohibition for the operator of a 
                   recreational flight.   When compared to a hobby flight that can take place at any 
                   time, a professional commercial UAS operator will have the experience, 
                   superior equipment, and wellestablished procedures to allow for safe flight at 
                   any time of day or night, weather permitting. 
                    
                   To enhance safety, the Petitioner will use a welllit aircraft that is clearly visible 
                   in all directions.  Such an aircraft is more prominently visible in flight than even 
                   during daylight hours (See Appendix C).  Furthermore, night flights will be 
                   limited to uncontrolled Class G airspace, within lineofsight of the operator, no 
                   further away than 500 feet horizontally and at a maximum altitude of 250 feet 
                   AGL, and at an airspeed below 30 knots.  When a night flight is planned, a prior 
                   visit to the site during daylight hours will take place, with the pilot becoming 
                   familiar with the surroundings and any obstacles such as trees, power lines, 
                   etc. The Petitioner hereby requests permission to fly UAS at night, within the 
                   parameters outlined above. 
 
 
Aircraft Types 
To begin commercial operations, the Petitioner will make use of a 3D Robotics X8, or a DJI 
Phantom 3 Pro aircraft.  Both of these aircraft types have been approved for use with several 
existing Section 333 exemptions.  These aircraft will be operated and maintained according to 
the manufacturer's instructions. 
 
In addition, the Petitioner will use this exemption to develop new aircraft which will be used 
commercially by himself or other pilots.  All aircraft used will have a maximum gross takeoff 
weight of less than 55 pounds.  All aircraft will employ both visible and audible warnings to 
notify the pilot when the main battery voltage has dropped to a predetermined level.  All 
aircraft will be registered with the FAA as a Small Unmanned Aircraft System (Special or 
Experimental Airworthiness Certificate) before being sold or used for commercial flights. 
Thus, an amendment to this exemption request for each new aircraft type developed is 
unnecessary. 
 
All aircraft developed and used commercially will rely on airborne flight controllers with 
autopilot and Global Positioning System capabilities, such as the DJI Naza or 3D Robotics 
Pixhawk.  These controllers have the ability to automatically limit the height and distance they 
can be flown from the launch point.  In the event of a radio communication loss between the 
pilot's control transmitter and the UAV, the controller will automatically trigger a "failsafe" 
mode in which the aircraft will return to the launch point and land safely without any further 
pilot input.  In the unlikely event of a loss of GPS signal at the same time, the controller will 
hold the UAV level and slowly descend to a safe landing at its present location. 
 
Any aircraft purchased,  developed, or modified under this exemption request will accumulate 
a minimum of 10 hours flight time before being employed for commercial missions.  Each 
flight will be logged, along with a record of changes, results, and performance.  See Appendix 
D for an example of a flight and maintenance log for an aircraft in development.  In addition, a 
complete Pilot's Operating Handbook will be developed for each aircraft model, giving any 
pilot the information needed to operate and maintain the aircraft safely. 
 
Every aircraft, whether purchased or developed by the Petitioner, will be inspected before 
each flight in accordance with the manufacturer's guidelines.  A written checklist will be used, 
as shown in Appendix E. 
 
Ground Station and Video 
The Petitioner makes use of a "First Person View" (FPV) system that consists of a camera 
and video transmitter on board the aircraft, and a small portable display screen mounted on a 
tripod on the ground as shown in Appendix F.  This provides a realtime view from the aircraft, 
allowing for composition of photos and video.  In addition, text and graphic data is overlaid on 
the screen image providing the pilot with altitude, distance, heading, airspeed, and battery 
voltage information.  Since a freestanding display screen is used instead of goggles that may 
limit the pilot's surrounding view, lineofsight with the UAV is maintained by both the pilot and 
observer.  The video transmitter on board the aircraft transmits in the 5.8GHz range with a 
power of 25 milliwatts and meets FCC requirements for licensefree use in the United States. 
The camera and video transmitter are powered by their own small battery, completely 
separate from the UAV power system.  Should this video downlink fail during flight, the pilot 
will immediately return the UAV to the launch point and land via lineofsight piloting. 
 
FCC Information 
The radio control transmitters used for controlling the UAV comply with part 15 of the FCC 
rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
(1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.  The radio 
transmitters used for controlling the UAV employ wireless technology which has been tested 
and found to be compliant with the applicable regulations governing a radio transmitter in the 
2.400GHz to 2.4835GHz frequency range. 
 
Antenna Separation Distance 
When operating the transmitter, the PIC will maintain a separation distance of at least 
5 cm between his body (excluding fingers, hands, wrists, ankles and feet) and the antenna to 
meet RF exposure safety requirements as determined by FCC regulations. 
 
 
 
Pilot in Command and Observer Qualifications and Duties 
The Pilot In Command (PIC) will maintain at least a Sport Pilot Certificate and a current 
driver's license or 3rd Class Medical certificate.  The PIC must have logged at least 2 hours 
flying time and 3 takeoffs and landings within the last 30 days with the type of UAS being 
utilized.  The PIC will have at least 100 hours total time and at least 30 hours flying Radio 
Controlled Model Aircraft of which at least 10 hours must be flying UAV's.  Training will be 
conducted within the controlled environment of a local Radio Control Club flying field.  The 
Petitioner has the ability to provide "dual controls" utilizing two identical radiocontrol 
transmitters with a wired link between them. One transmitter is designated the master 
transmitter and the other transmitter is designated as a slave. The PIC instructor, utilizing the 
master transmitter, will at all times be able assume immediate control of the UAV. 
 
The PIC is responsible for the safe and efficient operation of the aircraft. Specific duties 
include all preflight preparation, crew or observer briefings, in flight operation, post flight 
requirements, and all procedures including but not limited to: 

     Preflight inspections of aircraft and ground equipment 
     Site selection and planning 
     Safe inflight operations 
     Risk mitigation to persons and property 
 
The Observer must have the visual acuity to observe the UAV and be able to communicate 
clearly with the PIC at all times during a flight.  The Observers duties are: 
     Warning the PIC of any impending obstacles in the flight path of the sUAS. 
     Warning the PIC of any other air traffic entering the vicinity. 
     Warning the PIC of any deviations in the planned flight path of the sUAS. 
     Warning the PIC should any unauthorized personnel appear in the area of the planned 

         flight. 
     The Observer will have the authority to order the PIC to terminate the flight should he 

         feel the flight cannot be conducted safely. 
 
 
General Operating Standards 
 

     The Petitioner will only operate a sUAS within line of sight of the pilot and observer 
         and will operate at sites that are a sufficient distance from populated areas. Such 
         operations will insure that the sUAS will not create a hazard to users of the national 
         airspace system or the public. 
 Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 foot ceiling, with winds below 
    15 knots. 

 Prior to takeoff, a complete preflight inspection of the aircraft will be completed using a 
    checklist specific to that UAS.  See Appendix E for an example checklist. 

 Before an operation of a UAV within 5NM of an airport with a control tower, the control 
    tower will be called to notify ATC of the UAS operations. If the airport is not tower 
    controlled, airport management will be notified. The PIC will give the position, altitude 
    and the times the UAS will be operated. The UAV will be operated within a distance of 
    no more than 1500 feet horizontally and 400 feet AGL during daylight hours, or within 
    500 feet horizontally and 250 feet AGL at night. 

 PIC will give the right of way to avoid flying in the proximity of fullscale aircraft. At no 
    time will the UAV be operated within the final approach course and the takeoff course 
    of any runway. 

 Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. 
 Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 

    30 minute limit. 
 The UAS will be programmed so that it cannot be operated at an altitude of more than 

    400 feet AGL. 
 Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot and Visual Observer. 
 All UAS operated by the Petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the payload 

    (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbals).  No flight will be made with a gross weight exceeding 
    55 pounds. 
 The UAV will operate at speeds of no more than 60 knots, can hover, and can 
    simultaneously move vertically and horizontally. 
 Given the small size of the UAV and the restricted sterile environment within which 
    they will operate, our UAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. 
 All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace unless prior notification has 
    occurred or a Memorandum Of Agreement is in place, at no more than 400 ft AGL, at 
    an airspeed of no more than 60 knots and no further than 1500 feet from the PIC. 
 All operations must utilize a Visual Observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to 
    communicate by voice at all times during a flight operation. 
 Operations over private property will be conducted only with the permission of the 
    property owner. 
 All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to 
    operation 
 Flights will not be conducted over densely populated areas. 
 Flights will not be conducted directly over any openair assembly of people. 
 Flights will not be conducted over heavily trafficked roads. 
 A flight will be immediately terminated when any of the following occurs: 

          Battery voltage reaches 25% of fullycharged voltage 
          Visible or audible lowvoltage alarm is seen or heard 
          GPS signal is lost 
          Live video signal (FPV) is lost 
               Any structural or mechanical failure 
               Abrupt weather changes, such as sudden rain or gusty winds 
               Unexpected persons, vehicles, or aircraft enter the area 
               Any other condition in which the pilot or observer feels the flight cannot be 

                   continued safely. 
 
Additionally, Petitioner requests permission to use a UAS to benefit first responders nearby 
who might require assistance, including firefighters, police, search and rescue organizations, 
news and media outlets, etc. while remaining subject to all limitations and procedures cited in 
this application. 
 
 
 
EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 
 
Gary S. Berg requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional 
regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the sUAV System: 
14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates 
This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the 
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we 
request an experimental certificate be issued for the aircraft designed in accordance with this 
application, under either or both of the following provisions: 
21.191 Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the following 
purposes: 
(a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment, 
new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft. 
(b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to 
show compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for 
issuance of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design 
changes, and flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the 
regulations. Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as 
market surveys, sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an 
experimental certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well. The aircraft will not 
carry persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational 
requirements. Combined with the UA's light weight, being constructed primarily of carbon 
fiber, wood and plastic, we propose that the UA will be at least as safe, if not safer, than a 
conventionally certificated aircraft performing the same mission. If an experimental 
airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then we request an exemption 
of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airworthiness certificate in general, 
citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph. 
14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks general and 45.29 Size of marks. 
These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration 
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word 
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or 
pilot station. The sUAV does not have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can 
be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to 
achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard 
on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC (Pilot In Control), VO (Visual 
Observer) and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to 
see the designation. Additionally, we feel that the permanent placard discussed in the 
previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration information at the ground station. 
Finally, we will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the 
words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or greater. Since the 
aircraft will operate within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to 
anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin. 
14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133 
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations. 
The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as pilot in 
Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to 
act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) 
The flight is only incidental to that business or employment and (2) The aircraft does not carry 
passengers or property for compensation or hire. Our proposed operations require that the 
PIC must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate issued by the FAA and since the aircraft 
cannot carry passengers, we feel we meet the intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though 
the intent of this application is to conduct a business. 
14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As 
no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is 
inapplicable. 
14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements. 
This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved 
flight manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that 
flight manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an 
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, 
the documentation would not be available to the crew during flight operations. To obtain an 
equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we propose that a current, approved 
sUAS Flight Manual must be available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft is 
in, or preparing for, flight. 
14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests 
The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight 
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." Training will be conducted at 
a local Radio Control Club flying field. Petitioner has the ability to provide "dual controls" 
utilizing two identical control transmitters with a wired link between the transmitters. One 
transmitter is designated the master transmitter and the other transmitter is designated as a 
slave. The PIC instructor, utilizing the master transmitter, will be at all times be able assume 
control of the sUAV. 
91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: 
General. The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be 
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical 
mission of the sUAS would be photography or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or 
structures it would be necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. 
Operations will only be flown over property or persons where permission has been obtained 
and careful preplanned flight path has been performed. The aircraft will be operated at a low 
altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons 
or property on the surface. Therefore we maintain that due to the small size of the UAS, the 
hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft, which 
should be considered in granting the exemption. 
CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings. 
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an 
altimeter setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The sUAS will always fly below 400 
feet AGL and within lineofsight of the PIC, and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in 
order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An Above Ground Level altimeter measurement 
above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio from the sUAS onboard computer to the 
display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly updated AGL readout. 
14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. 
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under dayVFR 
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after 
that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy 
reserve as a safety buffer for delays to landing. The sUAV is battery operated and the 
maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is 30 minutes with a 20% reserve. 
Since the aircraft will never fly more than 1500 feet from the point of intended landing, a full 
battery charge at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this 
paragraph. Furthermore, the battery voltage is transmitted by the UAS and displayed to the 
PIC on the ground station. A warning is displayed on the ground station when the battery 
voltage drops to a predetermined level, giving the PIC ample time to land safely with power in 
reserve. There are also visible and audible lowvoltage warnings aboard the aircraft.  We 
request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word 
"energy". 
14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required. 
The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number 
assigned to the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, 
subparagraph (b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or 
cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew."  The sUAS is too small to carry 
documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or 
crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, we propose that 
documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be with the crew at the ground 
control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we 
propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration certificates be 
permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the above information plus the word 
"EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23. 
14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 91.417) Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations 
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in 
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 
91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized 
under 43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC perform 
maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return 
to service." The PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight 
and in addition conduct detailed inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance 
performed by the PIC is limited to repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking 
electrical connections and updating software and firmware for the onboard computer, 
replacing structural components, and replacing electronic or electrical components. All other 
maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The PIC 
will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. The Petitioner feels that due to the 
size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of 
safety. 
 
Safety and Benefits of the UAS 
Gary S. Berg will be using the UAS in a variety of applications that generally require 
expensive fullsize manned aircraft to complete. Small, light, unmanned aerial vehicles offer 
myriad benefits over the use of fullsized manned aircraft for electric power line inspection, 
oil/gas pipeline inspection, advanced agriculture, film and still photography, just to name a 
few. Replacing significantly larger manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with 
small UAS carrying no passengers or crew creates a much greater margin of safety for the 
pilots and crew, as well as for people and property on the ground. By granting Gary S. Berg`s 
requested exemptions, the FAA will help drive development of safe and successful 
commercial UAS operations and will advance the public knowledge base for such operations. 
Gary S. Berg is committed to promoting the UAS research efforts of policymakers including 
the FAA, NASA, DOD and DARPA by sharing data from its commercial UAS operations and 
serving as a resource for future UAS research operations. Thus, the FAA has good cause to 
grant this Petition. 
 
Conclusion 
As pointed out in this application, all the UAS's which the applicant would use, under 
authorization by the US DOTFAA, are small, lightweight devices operated within the line of 
sight of the PilotinCommand (PIC), less than 400 feet above the ground and outside 5 miles 
from any airport, heliport, seaplane base, spaceport, or other location with aviation activities, 
unless the air traffic control authorities (ATC) have been notified and have authorized each 
flight within a radius of this distance. All our sUAS's have proven capability for controlled 
flight. They include devices offered for general sale on the market around the world and have 
often been used as Model Aircraft in the USA. The Petitioner is certain that the studies 
conducted until now by the FAA, about Section 332, Public Law 11295, 2014, have already 
provided you with the assurances on the airworthiness of UAVs such as these.  The Petitioner 
has over 40 years of experience designing, building, and operating radiocontrolled aircraft, 
and has never had an accident resulting in injury or property damage.  For the foregoing 
reasons, the exemptions requested herein should be granted and Gay S. Berg should be 
permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its manuals and all other 
operating parameters deemed necessary and appropriate by the FAA. The submission of this 
application and its contents is the best demonstration that indeed it is possible to pursue the 
authorization process so that some UAVs may be used for safe and legitimate commercial 
activities. 
 
Signed, 
 
Gary S. Berg 
  
Appendix A  Airman Qualifications 
 

                                                                                                                      
Appendix B  Model Airplane News magazine 
Volume 117, Number 1, January 1989 
 
 

                                                                
 
 

                                                                   

  
Appendix C   Night flying UAV 
 

                                    

                                 

 
  
           Appendix D   UAV Flight and Maintenance Log 

            

            

                   Total flight time:  12:52:05                                                Aircraft:  Hexcopter 2.0 

                                                                                                        
Flight     Date    Location                                                                    Notes 
                                    Flight                                          Recharge 
                                     Time  Landings 
                                                      Battery                       ma. 

                                                                                      
1  2/13/2015                     0:07:00          5  2x 4S 3000mah 
2  2/13/2015       Home          0:04:00          6  2x 4S 3000mah                    First flight! Tested Manual, Atti, GPS fight modes. Twitchy, gain may be too high. 
3  2/13/2015       Home          0:04:00          3  2x 4S 3000mah 
                   Home                                                               Manual mode, trying to get pitch/roll gain adjusted. Drops toward motor 5. (Aft right) 
4  2/13/2015                                      3  2x 4S 3000mah 
5  2/15/2015       Home          0:05:00          6  2x 4S 3000mah                    Can't get pitch/roll gain dialed in. Won't lift off level in Atti/GPS mode. Need to recalibrate Naza and ESC's. 
6  2/16/2015                                      4  2x 3S 4000mah 
                   Home          0:07:00                                                    Recalibrated Naza controller. Locked pitch/roll gain at 255%. Set attitude gain to 150% with X2 control. 
   2/16/2015                                                                                    Better stability in Manual mode, but still seeing windinduced oscillations that get out of hand. (Wind 
                   Home          0:06:00                                          
   2/20/2015                                                                          approx. 10mph) Dailed up attitude gain to 170% during flight. Reduced pitch/roll to 245% for next flight. 

7  2/20/2015                                                                             Reprogramed/recalibrated all ESC's. Tried pitch/roll gain at 150%. Better, but still not right. Suspicious of 
8  2/21/2015                                                                          No. 5 motor or ESC, although it seems to run fine when plugged into the rx by itself. 
9  2/21/2015                                      5  2x 4S 3000mah 
                                                  3  2x 4S 3000mah                     Landing gear changed to short, stiff temporary legs. Tried 3S batteries to see if it would make a difference. 
                                                  3  2x 4S 3000mah                    Pitch/roll gain set at 150% with X2 control. Problem not solved. Motors cutting out and running rough. 
                   Home          0:05:00 
                   Home          0:05:30                                                After research and conversations with a couple of experts, the concensus is that the Turnigy Plush ESC's 
                                                                                        aren't playing nice with the 22pole Multistar motors. The Plush ESC's have a 200hz refresh rate, and the 
                   Home          0:06:00                                                throttle output is averaged over several cycles. (400hz or faster is needed). The result is throttle response 
                                                                                       that is sometimes much too slow for a multirotor, causing oscillations and motor shutdown. Ordered a new 
                                                                                      set of 40 amp SimonK ESC's from Heads Up RC, made specifically for multi's. 

                                                                                        Disassembled frame. Removed Turnigy Plush 25 amp ESC's. Replaced with EMax Simon 40 amp ESC's. 
                                                                                          Reassembed, realigned, and torqued frame. Set initial pitch/roll gain to 150% with X2 control. Initial yaw 

                                                                                      gain at 180%. Installed temporary landing gear. Inspected and reinstalled props. Ready for flight test. 

                                                                                         Success!! Wind at 1520 mph, so tried manual hover in the garage. Some turbulence from ground effect, 
                                                                                            but hover and control response are much improved. Settled on 200% pitch/roll gain. Yaw gain seemed 

                                                                                      good. ESC's cool after flight. 

                                                                                      Test flight outside. Slight oscillations in GPS mode. Dialed pitch/roll gain down to 165%. 

                                                                                           Test flight outside. Gusty winds 1012 mph causing turbulence, but GPS held position well. Slight CCW 
                                                                                      spiral in GPS hover, need to adjust antenna. 

     2/21/2015     Home                                                               Adjusted GPS antenna. Reinstalled proper landing gear. Too windy for more flying. 
10  2/22/2015                                     2  2x 4S 3000mah 
11  2/22/2015      Home          0:06:00          2  2x 4S 3000mah                         Recalibrated compass. Wind 510 mph. Settled on pitch/roll gain at 200%. Spiral problem in GPS hover 
                                                                                      solved. 
                   Home          0:06:20 
                                                                                       Wind 10 mph. GPS position hold working well. Flying good, but not perfect. Going to try adjusting yaw gain 
                                                                                      next. 

     2/22/2015                                                                        Added separate 12volt power panel and 3S battery for video & lighting (to be installed later) 
12  2/22/2015 
                   Home          0:06:10          3  2x 4S 3000mah                           Programmed low motor timing in all ESC's. Set Yaw gain to 170% with X2 control. GPS mode working 
     2/22/2015                                                                        well, with good control response. Some oscillations in hover, smoother in forward flight. 

                                                                                                  No. 2 ESC went up in smoke right after power up. No. 5 ESC acting flaky... Sometimes works fine, 
                                                                                                  sometimes motor jitters but won't start. They're going back to Heads Up RC. Ordered a new set of 
                                                                                      HobbyWing XRotor 40A's. 

     2/28/2015                                                                        Installed LED lighting. Removed ESC's. 
     3/7/2015                                      
                                                                                        Installed new HobbyWing XRotor 40 Amp ESC's. Calibrated throttles on each. Set pitch/roll gain to 200% 
13  3/7/2015                                                                          with X2 control. Yaw gain at 180%. Inspected and reinstalled props. Ready to test. 
14  3/7/2015 
15  3/7/2015       Home          0:07:00          3  2x 4S 3000mah                      Success at last! The new ESC's work well with the Multistar motors. Very smooth flight with good stability. 
                                                  1  2x 4S 3000mah                            Settled on 240% for pitch/roll gain. Selflevel and GPS worked well. Some instability in the Zaxis, set 
                   Home          0:07:25          2  2x 4S 3000mah 
                                                                                      vertical gain to 115% with X2 control for the next flight. 
                   Home          0:06:30 
                                                                                             Flying very well now. Entire flight was in GPS mode. Set vertical gain at 100%. Set Attitude gain to X2 
                                                                                      control for next flight, just to experiment with control sensitivity. 

                                                                                             Settled on 133% for Attitude gain. GPS held very well in a 10mph breeze. Handsoff hover was stable 
                                                                                      enough to get some photos. 

                                  
Appendix E    UAV Preflight and Postflight Checklist 

 
 

                                                                  Hexcopter 2.0 Checklist 

Before flying session

    Torque arms 

    Torque motors 

    Torque props 

    Check motor freeplay, bearings free. 
    Check wiring 

    Check battery connectors 

    Check landing gear 

    Check dome mounting 

    Visual inspection 

 
Preflight 

    Install battery 

    Install camera & connect USB cable. 

    Connect voltage alarm, check cells balanced, 4.0 volts min. 

    All TX switches forward 

    Turn on transmitter 

    Connect main power 

    Yellow LED flashing?                                                  Aux 2 Settings 

    Turn on ground station 

    Turn on speaker                                               Canon 

    Turn on VTX                                                   NOR/REV 

    Turn on camera                                                96%  145% 

    Video link working? 

    Test camera tilt and shutter                                  Mobius/Gimbal 

    Wait for flashing yellow LED to stop.                         NOR/REV 

    Confirm GPS (green LED)                                       115%  15% 

    Lights on 

    Secure dome 

    Clear area 

    Start motors 

    Takeoff 

 
After landing 

    Motors off 

    Disconnect main power 

    Camera off 

    VTX off 

    Lights off 

    Disconnect voltage alarm 

    Transmitter off 

    Ground station off 

    Speaker off 
Appendix F    FPV Ground Station 
 

                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                                                      
