June 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11962
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1186

Mr. Daniel Furman
GDI Geospatial Data, Inc.
3501 South Georgia, Suite B
Amarillo, TX 79109

Dear Mr. Furman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 24, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of GDI Geospatial Data, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to enhance academic
community awareness and augment real estate activities, right of way surveys, aerial
videography for geographical awareness, and real estate marketing.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GDI Geospatial Data, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GDI Geospatial Data, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phantom 2Vision+
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Petition for Exemption L4 CFR 5 11.81

                        from

      GDI Geospatial Data, lnc.

            Submitted
           04/24120Ls
Table of Contents                                                                    ............1
                                                                                        ........1
GDI Geospatial Data, 1nc..............
GDI requests relief from the following regulations:                        .......................5
                                                                         ..........................5
GDI supports request with the following information: ..................  .........................6
  1. Unmanned Aircraft System........
                                                                          ........................6
2. UAS Pilot in Command (PlC)...........
3. UAS Operating Parameters..............

4.

5. Personal protocols:...                                                                         .........7

6. Safety/Flight Manual (all hereinafter referred to as operating documents) Appendix A...................8

7. How your request would benefit the public as a whole;.                                         ............8

Granting of our request would not only make aerial photography more accessible by lowering the cost,
we feel at a minimum it would allow the following:..
                                                                                    ........................8

8. Reasons why the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the exemption would provide
a level of safety at least equal to the existing rule;...........
                                                                                    ..................8

    A. Prior authorization:..............                                                         ..........9

    FAA considered the requirements proposed by Astraeus in Exemption No. 11062. The FAA notes
    that the petitioner's proposed operation is similar to that authorized in Exemption No. 11062

    because both include operations closer than 500 feet from persons, vessels, vehicles, and
    structures. ln Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
    purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and
    logged, in a manner consistent with14 CFR 51.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot
    including at least L0 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under
    Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a
    UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
    exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements to be inclusive

    rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be included in the 1,0 hours of multi-

    rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. ln

    addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the

    preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour

    requirements in Exemption No. 1L062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the skills

    necessary to safely conduct the petitione/s proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior

    documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would

    satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
    conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time.
                                                                                                  .........9

    Exemption No.11138 DOUGIASTRUDEAU, REALTORO..                                                 ...........9

    APPENDTX A.................                                          ........................10
                          Petition for Exemption 14 CFR S 11.81

1. Your name and mailing address. You may include other contact information such as a

    fax number, telephone number, or emailaddress;

       GDI Geospatial Data, lnc.
       3501 S. Georgia, Suite B
       Amarillo, Texas 79109

2. The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which you seek an exemption;

 GDI requests relief from the following regulations:
 Par'tzl prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,

 productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

 Section 45.23(b) prescribes that when marks include only the Roman capital letter'N" and

 the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
 experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
 aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than2
 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
 "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

 Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that-

          (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
 aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
 for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

          (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
 in connection with any business or employment if:

                    (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
                           hire.

t
 Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
 airworthy condition.

 Section 91.7(b) prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
 determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall
 discontinue the flight when un airworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

 Section 91.9(bX2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available
 in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
 material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

 Section 9l . 1 03O) prescribes that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway
 lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoffand landing distance information.

 Section 9l .109(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
 (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
 fully functioning dual controls.

 Section 9l.ll9 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoffor landing, no person may

 operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

     (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without

           undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

      (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or sefflement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
          within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

     (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over
           open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
           closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

      (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
         conducted without hazardto persons or property on the surface-

          (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
                (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies
              with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

          (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated at less than
                the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

 Section 9l.l2l requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain

2
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure

airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to

fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (l) during the

day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless
it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) ateffective
U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the
second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in $ a7.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under $ 91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 ofthe chapter.

Section 91.a07(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under $ 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.a09@)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft

unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of
an airworthiness cenificate in accordance with part 2l of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that-

         (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and

                 records ofthe 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved

                   inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
                   engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must

                include-

                       (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the

                             Administrator) of the work performed; and
                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                 (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                   aircraft for retum to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

               (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each

                   propeller, and each rotor.

                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                   propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                 (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft

                   which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                   (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                    since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
                   which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                   (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                   safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the
                  AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety
                   directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
                    action is required.

                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by $ 43.9(d) of this chapter for
                   each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines,

                    rotors, propellers, and appliances.

O) The owner or operatoi shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

        (l) The records specified in paragraph (aXl) of this section shall be retained

         until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
         work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (aX2) of this section shall be retained
         and transfened with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
         $ 43.1 1 ofthis chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
         aircraft is approved for return to service.
3. The extent of relief you seek and the reason you seek the relief;

 GDI supports request with the following information:

GDI has provided the following information - contained in its petition and supporting
 documentation including: l) PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart Vl.0 (Simplified Version),

 PHANTOM Quick Start Manual v1.7, PHANTOM Advanced Manual v.1.4,2) PHANTOM
 2 Vision+ User Manual 3) personal protocols and controls, 4) Product Release notes and 5)
 Safety/Flight Manual (all hereinafter referred to as operating documents) (Appendix A)

 The petitioner's information is separated into four sections: 1) the unmanned aircraft system
 (UAS), 2)the UAS Pilot In Command (PIC),3) the UAS operating parameters and 4) Public
 lnterest.

 1, Unmanned Aircraft Systeft

 GDI plans to operate a UAS, the PTIANTOM 2 Vision*, which is comprised of an unmanned
 aircraft (UA or PHANTOM) and a transportable ground station. The PHANTOM is referred
 to as a quad-copter with a maximum gross weight of about 3 pounds. It is equipped with four
 rotors that are driven by electric motors powered by batteries. The UA has a maximum
 airspeed of 30 knots and equipped with a small ultra-Lightweight camera. GDI intends to
 operate the UA over various areas of the Texas Panhandle to enhance academic community

 awareness and augment real estate activities. GDI makes the following representations of
 operational enhancements which we propose to abide by to ensure this exemption will provide

 a level of safety at least equal to existing rules:

    . UA will only operate in reasonably safe environments that are strictly controlled, are

           away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas; and

    . GDI will conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which

           safety carries primary importance.

 GDI asserts that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
 aircraft to be utilized by GDI, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness
 Certificates) and $ 91.203 (a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to certain conditions
 and limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety

 under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. ll2-95 (Section 333).

 GDI requests an exemption from $ 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because the UA will not have
 a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, GDI
 states that two-inch lettering is diffrcult to place on such a small aircraft with dimensions
 smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of this, GDI states that will mark
 the UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on its fuselage as
 required by $ a5.29(f) so the operator or anyone assisting him as a spotter will see the

 markings.

5
GDI requests an exemption from $$ 91.405(a),91.407(a)(l), 91.a09@)(2) and 91.417(a) and
(b) Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they only apply to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. However, GDI as a safety precaution will perform a
preflight inspection of the UAS before each flight as outlined in the operating documents.

2. UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

GDI asserts that under $ 61 .l 13 (a) and (b) private pilots are limited to non- commercial
operations, however GDI can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current
regulations because GID'S UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, GDI states
that, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. GDI firther
indicates that the risks of operating a UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent in the
commercial activities outlined in 14 CFR part 61, et seq., thus GDI requests an exemption
from $ 61.113 Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in command.

Regarding UAS operational training, GDI has flown numerous practice flights in remote
areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for futtre commercial use to gain familiarization with
the characteristics of the UAS' performance under different temperature and weather
conditions. GDI further states that we intend to practice computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time.

3. UAS Operating Parameters

GDI will abide bythe following additional operating conditions under this exemption:

   ' operate UAS below 200 feet and within a radius distance of 1000 feet from the
   . controller to both aid in direct line of sight visual observation;r

         operate the UAS for 3-7 minutes per flight;

   ' land UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery

         power;

   . operate UAS only within visual line of sight (VLOS);
   ' use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it hovers

        and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

   ' conduct all operations under the personal and flight safety protocols (including

       posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial Photography in Progress - Remain

        Back 150 feet") contained in the operating documents and will actively analyze
         flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance safety

          protocols;

   ' contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of

         his estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent

   . information;

         always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation; and

   ' Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or

         potential danger.

   . Operate under the direction of a licensed pilot
   ' No flights within 5 miles of Class Brovo, Charlie or Delta airspace, where
. airspace is defined to the surface , or without ATC clearance

    Use Flight Services UAS Operating Area Web site for all flights in un Controlled
    Air Space

GDI believes that although $91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an

airworthiness certificate. GDI asserts that since there is currently no certificate applicable to

this operation, this regulation is inapplicable.

GDI believes that although $ 91.9(bX2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft,
however since there are no pilots or passengers on board his aircraft and given its size, this
regulation is inapplicable. GDI believes an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

Similarly, GDI requests an exemption from $ 9l . 109 Flight instruction; simulated instrument

flight and certain flight tes[ and provides no information indicating how safety will be
maintained if an exemption to this section is granted.

$ 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but that it allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. GDI will not operate UAS
above the altitude of 200 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only operate in safe
areas away from the public and traffic, thus o'providing a level of safety at least equivalent to
or below those in relation to minimum safe altitudes." GDI asserts that given the size, weight,
maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be

achieved.

Petitioner asserts that $ 9lJ2l Altimeter settings is inapplicable since he UAS utilizes

electronic GPS with a barometric sensor.

4. Restricted areas:

    Restricted areas would include the following:

      a. Within 5 miles of all Controlled airspace defined to the surface.
     b. Greater than 200' vertically.
      c. Beyond line of sight.
      d. Areas not been given permission by land owner.

5. Personal protocols:
      a. Use of "f'm Safe" Checklist

   Illness     Do I have an illness or any symptoms of an illness?

M  Medication  Have I been taking prescription or over-the-counter

               drugs?

               Am I under psychological pressure from thejob?

   Stress      Worried about financial matters, health problems or
               family discord?
A  Alcohol  Have I been drinking within eight hours? Within 24

            hours?

   Fatieue  Am I tired and not adequately rested?

   Eatins   Am I adequately nourished?

6. Safetv/Flight Manual (all hereinafter referred to as operatine documents) Appendix A

Public Interest

GDI states that aerial videography for geographical awareness, real estate marketing, Rights
of way surveys have been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters, but for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. Granting
this exemption to the GDI would allow GDI to provide this service at a much lower cost.
Further, GDI believes the small UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small size and
lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. GDI also believes that the
operation of his UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote economic growth by

providing information to companies looking to relocate or build in the proposed areas of

 operation.

7. How your request would benefit the public as a whole;

     Granting of our request would not only make aerial photography more accessible by
     lowering the cost, we feel at a minimum it would allow the following:

      a. A more detailed inspection of new buildings by off - site engineers and

                architects ensuring plans are followed.

      b. Visual inspection of facilities previously only accessible by ladder or lift

                from the ground, thus eliminating several safety concerns.

      c. Inspection of possible environmentally or archeologically sensitive areas

                without impact on potential sensitive sites.

     It is GDI's hope to provide these and many more services that would greatly impact the
      health and safety of the general public.

8. Reasons why the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the exemption

     would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rule;

8
  A. Prior authorization:

FAA considered the requirements proposed by Astrmts inExeonnimNo 11062. The FAA

notes that the petitioner's proposed operation is similar to that authorized in Exemption No.
 11062 because both include operations closer than 500 feet from persons, vessels, vehicles,
and structures. [n Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting
operations for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must

have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent withl4 CFR 61.51(b),25 hours of total
time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-
rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 1 1062,the PIC must also have
accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and
model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption. For clarification, the FAA
considers these minimum hotr requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours
make and model time may be included in the l0 hours of multi- rotor time and the l0 hours
may be included in the totalZl hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour
requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for
currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in
Exemption No. I 1062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the skills necessary
to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
would satisftthis requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can
 also be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time.

 During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate
the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

 The flight-hours above are considered appropriate given the circumstances of the proposed
 operation and the description provided the petitioner of the preparations he has undertaken to
 conduct the UAS operation safely. The petitioner may determine through its safety
 assessment that additional hours are necessary to address all potential flight hazards and
requisite airmanship skills. Consequently, the FAA has included in the conditions and
 limitations below that the petitioner may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC is able

to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under

 this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
 distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures.

   B. Prior Exemption for Phantom 2 Vision +

ExemptionNo. 11138 DOUGU.S TRUDEAU REALTOR@
                                        Appendix A

           PHANTOM Flying Flowchart Vl.0 (Simplified Version)

This flowchart is     at helD vou to familiar with the flying procedures of PHANTOM, please read the

                   Svitch on the transmitter. and

                                                      Senser Enor Too Big

                                                                                                       aaoaaoaao

                                                                                                       Red LED appears in the hsl four

                   I

L LED : Mode +GPS Satellite
                                        LED : Mode +
                                                      Number+6Green

                      GPS Satellite Number

                                                           Method of Start Motor

                                                      D.,-GN:7G

                                                      G-.ffiF;7A

                                                      GPS Satellite                                    ooooooooo
                                                        Number<6

             LED : Blink Green Quickty                                                  GPS Satellile
                Record the Home Point                                                     Number>

aaaoaaaaa                                             .T

                                                      t

aoaaooaaa                                             Gren Part means normal procedures:

                   Power ofi the PMNTOM, and          + rneans regular situation.
                   then s,vilch ofi the transmitter
                                                        . , tells the details.

                                                      Red Pad nans possible abnormal situa6on.

                                                            .Part is possible in normal or abnormal sihration,

                                                      require you to confirm by the . for details.
                                                      ' '..- Part is the condition of the normal situation.

                                                      Purple Part is the condition of lhe abnormal situation.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 1

Firmware Updates on March 03, 2015

10
PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 1

Firmware Updates on March 03, 2015
Overview :

a) Flight controller firmware has been updated to v3.12.

Major New Features

a) No-Fly Zones have been updated to include a 25km radius centered in Washington, DC.
b)The compass calibration program has been optimized to improve reliability. *
clWhen automatic landing is initiated, users can now continue to controlthe aircraft's

position and altitude. During this process, the maximum speed of ascent is 1 m/s. **

d)After an automatic landing has been completed and the motors have stopped spinning,

users can

immediately restart the motors and begin a new flight. **

Special Notes:
* lt is recommended that the compass be calibrated in an environment that is free from

sources of potential interference. lf you become aware of any source of potential interference,
move to a different location and calibrate the compass again. Be aware that underground
metal pipes may cause interference when the aircraft is close to the ground during compass
calibration.

** lf you are using Naza-M mode these two features will not be available when 51 is manually

switched to the "Failsafe" position and the aircraft is automatically returning to home. Refer to
Naza-M V2 Quick Start Guide for more information about the operation during this period.

VISION App Updates on February 13,2015

Overview :

a) DJI VISION App has been updated to iOS v1.0.48, Android v1.0.58.

Major New Features

a)An issue that caused The VISION app to crash on Android 5.0.1 devices has been fixed.

b) Bugs that were discovered in the VISION app have been removed.

Firmware Updates on January 30, 2015 *

Overview :

a) Flight controller firmware has been updated to v3.10*.

b) DJI Phantom Assistant has been updated to v3.8.

.cT) hDeJI  VISION App has been updated to iOS v1.0.46, Android v1.0.56.  lts  updates  have

            flight controller firmware v3.10 has been discontinued.

been optimized and

included in the v3.12 update.
PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 2

Major New Features

a) No-Fly Zones have been updated to include a 25km radius centered in Washington, DC.
b)The iOS VISION app is compatible with iOS 8.0. The Android VISION app is compatible with
Android 5.0.
c) GPS Signal Notice added to the VISION app. The VISION app will display a pop-up tip when
attempting
to takeoff without a sufficient GPS signal.
d) Rear LED indicator display has been added to the VISION app to show the aircraft's current
flight status.
e)An "Upgrade Range Extender" feature has been added to the VISION app (iOS). lt is now
possible to use
a mobile device's data network to access internet functions while connected to the Phantom.
f)The ability to view and download manuals and new manual notices has been added to the

VISION app.
g) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision + FC200 firmware fixes the issue that prevented the camera
from starting in some cases.

h) The latest DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ FC200 firmware adds the ability to modify the filename
prefix of photos when using the DJI SDK.
i) "Upgrade All" function added to the DJI Phantom Assistant.
j) When automatic landing is initiated, users can now continue to control the aircraft's position
and altitude. During this process, the maximum speed of ascent is L m/s.
k)After an automatic landing has been completed and the motors have stopped spinning,
users can immediately restart the motors and begin a new flight.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 3

Firmware Updates on November 28,2014
Overview :

a)Central board firmware updated to v1.0.2.10.

Major New Features

a) Fixed potential gimbal issues that may arise when the remote controller signal is lost.
b) lmproved the communication between the smart flight battery and the Phantom.
c) Fixed issues in communication between the smart flight battery (V2.0) and the compass.

Firmware Updates on October 31,2014
Overview :

a) DJI Smart Battery firmware updated to v2.6.
b) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.6.

Major New Features

a) Battery cell warning added to the VlSlON app that alerts users if battery issues are detected.
Browse battery cellwarning history in the VISION app.
b) New auto-discharging feature to address to address the swelling problem of fully charged
battery when it is stored for an extended period. The auto-discharging function will start
automatically if the battery does not operate in 10 days.
c) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
d) New battery cell balancing feature to extend battery !ife.

Special Notes:

a) Update DJt Smart Battery firmware to v2.5 through Phantom Assistant v3.5.
b) The new battery firmware v2.6.0.0 does not support battery with loader of v1.3.0.0 or
firmware of
v1.5.0.0.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved.4

Firmware Updates on October 28,2014
Overview :

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.08.
b) Central board firmware updated to v1.0.2.7.
c) 3-axial gimbal firmware updated to vl..0.0.6.
d) DJI Phantom Assistant updated to v3.4.
e) DJI Vision App updated to iOS v1.0.43, Android v1.0.54.

Major New Features

a) Dynamic home point: when using a GPS-enabled mobile device and running the VISION app,
the Home Point will automatically be reset to the location of the device every 2 seconds during
flight.
b) Ability to change the Return to Home altitude added to the VISION app (ability to change
this setting in the Assistant software remains).
c) Maximum operating area, based on remaining battery power and current settings, can now
be displayed on the ground station map view. This area automatically expands or contracts
when new flight plans are set.
d)The aircraft's current longitude and latitude will be displayed on the VISION app's radar.
When using ground station, the longitude and latitude of each waypoint is also displayed as
they are set.
e) New pre-flight checklist that reminds users of important considerations before flying added.
f) Battery cell warning added to the VISION app that alerts users if battery issues are detected.
Browse battery cell warning history in the VISION app.
g) To address the issue of fully charged battery swelled when it was stored for an extended
period.
h) Battery cell damages detection feature added.
i) New battery cel! balancing feature to extend battery life.
j) Maximum descent speed set to 0.6m/s when the aircraft's altitude is less than 10m and
descending automatically (for example in failsafe mode). The maximum speed of descent
remains Zmlsin other flight conditions.
k) Propulsion system performance enhancements.
l) German, French and Japanese language support added to the VISION app.

Special Notes:

a)The dynamic home point is only available when using GPS-enabled mobile devices. Your
aircraft will not be able to record a dynamic home point if you are using a mobile device
without a GPS module (e.g.iPod).
Firmware Updates on July 29,2014
Overview:

a) Flight controller firmware updated to v3.06.
b) Central board firmware updated to v1.0.1.32.
c) DJI Vision App updated to iOS vt.O.42 and Android v1.0.52.
d) Phantom 2 PC Assistant updated to v3.2.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved.5

Flight Controller - Major New Features:

a) Added two levels of battery warnings: Low Battery Level Warning and Critical Battery Level

Warning.
When enabled, Auto Go Home will be activated if the battery level reaches a Low Battery Level
Warning. Setup these warnings using either the DJI Phantom Assistant or DJI Vision App.
b) When the battery level reaches a Critical Battery Leve! Warning, the aircraft will
automatically land.
The motors will power off after landing.
c) The speed of descent will be automatically adjusted based on current altitude.

d) Minimum adjustable height limit set to 20m.
e) Magnetic declination value stored to improve flight course accuracy.
f) Various bug fixes.

DJI Vision App - Major New Features:

a)The current battery level can now be viewed real-time through the DJlVision App, via a
battery level indicator bar near the top of the screen.
b) "Hotline" feature for easy access to post-sales supports.
c) "Compass Calibration" feature added.
d) "Low Battery Auto Go Home" feature added.

Phantom 2 PC Assistant - Major New Features:

a) Added Japanese as a supported language.

Firmware Updates on July 01,2014
Overview:

a) Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.31.

Major New Features:

a) Fixed |OSD compatibility issues.

Special Notes:

a) Ensure flight controller firmware has been updated to the latest version (v3.04) before you
start to update the central board firmware.

Firmware Updates on June 26,2014
Overview:

a)Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1..30.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 5
b) User manual updated to: v1.2.
Major New Features:

a) Fixed issue of Phantom Vision+ gimbal and H3-3D gimbal shaking involuntarily when
powering on.

Firmware Updates on June 24,2014
Overview:

a) DJlVision App updated to iOS v1.0.41 and Androld v1.0.50.

Major New Features:

a) Ground Station support:

O Plan missions of up to L6 waypoints.
o "Go Home" function.
o Flight safety protection:
I 3.L miles (5 km)flight distance limit.
r Ground station disabled when battery level is below 30%.
I 1640 feet (500 m) flight radius based on HOME point, 656 feet (200 m) altitude restraction.

Special Notes:

a) Upgrade flight controller firmware to the latest version (v3.t)4) by using Phantom Assistant
to enable ground station feature.

Firmware Updates on May 21,2014

Overview:

a) Flight controller firmware updated to: v3.04.

Major New Features:

a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved.
b) Flight restriction database updated.

Firmware Updates on April 30,2014

Overview:

a)Central board firmware updated to: v1.0.1.27.

PHANTOM 2 VISION+ Product Release Notes

@ 2015 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 7

Major New Features:

a) Stability when carrying heavy payloads improved. Maximum descent speed restricted to
2mls.
SAFETY: Battery

Battery Use
. Never use non-OJ I batteries. Go to www.DJl.com to pruchase new batteries. OJI takes no
responsibility for any accidents caused by non-DJI batteries.
. Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged
battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers for further assistance.
. Do NOT install the battery into the battery compartment on the Phantom when turned on.
Turn offthe battery before installing it or removing it from the Phantom. Never install or
remove the battery from the Phantom when it is turned on.
. The battery should be used in temperatures from -20"C to 40oC. Use of the battery above
50"C can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery below -20"C can lead to permanent damage.
. Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,
the battery control board may malfunction and a serious accident may happen during
flight.
. Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.
'Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive. If any electrolytes splash onto your skin or
eyes, immediately wash the affected area with fresh running water for at least 15 minutes then
see a doctor immediately.
. Check the condition of the battery if it falls out of the Phantom. Make sure the battery is NOT
damaged or leaking before putting it back to the Phantom.

'Land the Phantom immediately when the low battery level warning activates in the DJI
VISION App.

'Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside of the battery comes into contact with water,

chemical decomposition may occur, potentially resulting the battery catching on fire, and may

even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into water with the Phantom during flight, take it
out immediately and put it in a safe and open area. Maintain a far distance from the battery until
it is completely dry. Never use the battery again, and dispose of the battery properly as

described in Battery Disposal below.

' Put out any battery fire using sand or a dry powder fire extinguisher. Never use water to put

out a battery fire.

Charging the Battery
. Batteries must be charged using a DJI approved adapter. DJI takes no responsibility if the
battery is charged using a non-OJI charger. Never leave the battery unattended during
Charging. Do not Charge the battery near flammable materials or on flammable surfaces such

as carpet or wood.

. Do not charge battery immediately after flight, because the battery temperature may be too
high. Do not charge the battery until it cools down to near room temperature. Charging
battery outside of the temperature range of O.C-4O"C may lead to leakage, overheating, or
battery damage.

'Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charye/discharge cycles.
Discharge the battery until there is less than 8% power or until it can no longer be turned
on, then recharge it to the maximum capacity. This power cycling procedure will optimizethe
battery life.

Battery Storage

' Do not leavethe battery near heat sources such as a fumace or heater. The ideal storage

temperature isO'C-2 I DC.
. Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into water.
. Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually shortcircuit
the battery.
. Keep the battery away from metal objects such
as necklaces and hairpins.

. Discharge the battery to 30%-50Yo of the battery level if it will not be used for 7 days or more.
This can greatly extend the battery life.

Battery Disposal
'Dispose of the battery into specific recycling boxes only after a complete discharge. Do
not place the battery into regular rubbish bins. Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling
regulations of batteries.

' If the power on/offbutton of the smart battery is disabled and the baffery cannot be fully

discharged, please contact a professional battery disposaVrecycling agent for further

assistance.
    $t

PHANTOM 2 VISION+

      User Manual
                Phantom 2 Vision * User Manual Vl.l.l

                                  April 04,2014

Congratulations on purchasing your new DJI product. Please read this manual carefully before using this product.

We recommend checking the Phantom 2 Vision+ page at WWW.dji.COIIl for news and updates on everything
from product specs to manual updates. Due to ongoing development, information contained in this manual may
change without notice.

lf you have any questions or concerns about your product, please contact your DJI authorized dealer or DJI

Customer Service.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.2 I
Using this manual

                       lmportant

lmportant

Except when specifically stated, all descriptions in this manual are for Phantom mode, not Naza-M mode.

Before Flight

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Phantom 2 Vision+.

(1) Disclaimer
(2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide
(3) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
(4) Phantom Pilot Training Guide

Watching all the tutorlal videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards, prepare your
first flight using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide. lmprove your flying skills in subsequent flights using the

Phantom Pilot Training Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users,

particularly those with DJI Phantom 2 Vision experience should skip to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide to

begin preparing for flight.

Tutorials

Watch the quick start tutorial videos below to ensure a safe first flight.

Web link.                           http://www.d i i.com/pha ntom2visionplus/trai n i nq

QR code.                                     Preparing for flight.

Downloading the DJI VISION App

Download and install the DJI VISION App before use. Choose from one of the download methods below.

Download from the App io5                    Search 'DJl VlSlON" on the App Store then follow instructions.

Store or Google Play.               Android  Search 'DJl VlSlON" on Google Play then follow instructions.
Scan QR code.                                Scan QR code then follow instructions.
                                     E|MiE

                                     H+ffi

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.3 I
Contents                                                       ....5
                                                            ......5
USING THIS MANUAL
                                                             lo
    KEY                                                      lo

   DowNloaorNc rHe DJI VISION App.......                        10
CONTENTS.
OVERV!EW                                                      il
I IN THE BOX
2INTRODUCTION                                             .........13
ASSEMBLYAND USE                                       .............15

I REMOVING GIMBAL CLAMP                                        t5

2 PREPARING THE BATTERY                                           15

  2.1 DJI Svrnr Fucur BArrERy.........                     .......24

   2.4 BnrrERv I Nsrlu-arron                                  29
5 PREPARING THE PHANTOM 2 VISION*....

   5.2 Burlr-rN Flrcur CoNrnor SysrEM...........

      A nti-d rop Kit..........................

       Camera Data Port.............-..

  4.3 REvovrNc tsr PRope lre RS.....................

   5.2 Powen oN THE REyorr CournouER
   5.5 REMoTE CoNrRouEn PowER LED Surus lNronvlrrolr
   5.5 Revore CoNrnouleR OprRlrroN...

6 PREPARING THE RANGE EXTENDER

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.4 I
7 DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THE DJI VISION APP                                      35
   7.1 DowNloao auo lustalL.......
      fiJ Register.-                                                              33

8 CONNECTING THE CAMERA                                                           .....34
       Wi- Fi Co n nectio n In dica to r Des cription.........                       55

I CALIBRATING THE COMP ARS                                                        37
   L2 WxeN To REcALTBRATE
                                                                                     <c
2 STARTING/STOPPING THE MOTORS                                                    59

   3.1 TlxE oFFlLANDING PRoceouRes                                               40
   3.2 Vroeo SuccEsroNS AND TrPs
   4.2 Fnrlsare PRocEDURE                                         .............................41

  6.1 Mlx Hrrcut & RADrus Lrvrrs..,....^...,..                             4

DJIVISION APP USAGE                                                               48
I DJIVISION APP MAIN MENU                                        ,...,.................,..... 49
                                                                50............. -................
  lll RErunN

      A ccelerom eter Sens or Mode..............

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.5 I
  llll Ssurrun BunoN                   52
                                      .52
   [2] Pxoro Srzr
   [3] Vroeo REsolurroN       ..............54
   [4] Psoro FoRvar.........  ..............55
   [6] Wsrre BrL.aucr
                                       55
  ll2l Fonvar Mrcno-SD Cano            55
                                       55
4 ALBUM PAGE                           55
   4.1 SD Cano ALauv
                              ..............56
                                         EA

                                       57

                              .............57

I INSTALLING DRIVERAND PHANTOM 2 VISION*ASSISTANTSOFTWARE .................66

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.6 I
Overview

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is the next evolution of the Phantom 2 Vision. lt features the same App enabled First

Person View (FPV), high performance camera, remote camera control and in-flight content sharing, but adds to it a

high performance 3- axial camera stabilization system. lt is ideal for aerial creativity whether photo or video.

  q, FPV: First Person View, see the world from the perspective of the craft and feel a true flying experience.

I ln the Box

Check that all of the following items have been included in your package before use. lf anything is missing, please

contact your local dealer.

]. N.me                              Pktrc  ey. Rrmrtr

I Aircraft                                  I lntegrated gimbal and camera

   2 Propeller Pairs                 @      4 4 with black nut,4 with grey
                                            I lnserted in aircraft Micro-SD slot
   3 Micro-SD Card                    n     I Fixed to camera lens
   4 Lens Cap                               I Attached to the gimbal
   5 Gimbal Clamp                           I ln maintenance packet

                Propeller                             lncludes attached Phone Holder
   6 Detaching
                                            'l
                 Wrench
                                                     and Range Extender
                   Remote
   7                                        4 For Remote Controller

               Controller

  I AA Batteries

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. T I
        DJlSmart Flight              Bm-n          I lnside aircraft
9
                                      H-C::::::_.  I 'l'lO-24OV Adaptive
               Battery
                                       -           I GB&CE
lo Charger
                                     tlrl e        I SAA & BS
'n Power Cables                       H                     For Wi-Fi extender charging and
                                         E
t2 Plug Set                                        I
l3 Micro-USB Cable                                          firmware upgrade
                                                            lncludingt Disclaimec Phantom
t4 Manuals
                                                          Pilot Trainirg Guide, Phantom 2
l5 Stickers
l6 Spare Dampers                                   4
17 Anti-drop Kit                                            Wsion* Quick Start Guide, User
l8 Spare Screws                                             Manual
t9 Damper Packet
                                                   I 2 Colors: Pink, Blue

                                                   4 ln maintenance packet

                                                   2 ln maintenance packet
                                                            ln maintenance packet

                                                   il

                                                            M5X5(6pcs); M3X8(5pcs)
                                                   4 ln maintenance packet

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. S l
2 lntroduction

The Phantom 2 Vision+ package includes: Phantom, Camera, Gimbal, Propulsion System, Flight Control System,
Remote Controller and Wi-Fi Communication System.5.8 GHz Remote Control Receiver, Flight Control System and

2.4 GHz Wi-Fi Module are inside the Phantom.

Remote Controller                                         Motor                                               Propeller
.5.8GHz                                                   Aircraf t
                                                                                                              .,,1
o2 sticks, Tchannels

                                     Mcbile Device,                                  flr=itur,-
                                     with DJI VISION App
                                                                                     sH1,.
                                                                                          \
                                                                                     I=stffi,\ \\
                                     Phone Holder

                                     Range Extender       Outside            lnside
                                     Remote Controller
                                                          o3-axial Stabilized Gimbal oFlight Control System

                                                          oCamera            tZAGHz Wi-Fi Module

                                                          oMotors and Props  o5-8GHz Receiver
                                                                             oElectronic Speed Controls (ESCs)

                                                          Working Modes
                                                          rPhantom - Ready to Fly and Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
                                                          .Naze-M - GPS, ATTI., Manual and Failsafe

                                                          Figure I

Choose between Phantom and Naza-M working modes using Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software. lf

using Naza-M mode, please refer to the NAZA-M V2 Quick Start Manual for related instructions.

Phantom, Flight settings will be elected automatically depending on whether 6 or more satellites have

been found. This mode allows users to configure the Remote Controller and gain values, and use Failsafe

and battery level warnings.
Naz*.M, Flight settings will be identical to the Naza-M V2. Users can choose between GPS, Attitude, or
Manual mode. They can also access advanced settings including lntelligent Orientation Control (lOC).

Rear LED Flight lndicators will display the flight status according to the Naza-M indicator.

Ready to Fly' When 6 or more GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will lock its

home point and Rear LED Flight lndicators will blink a slow green (O ' O O O ). This mode is ideal for

beginners.

Ready to FV (rpnPS): When less than 6 GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will

stabilize itself less than in full Ready to Fly mode and will require more skilled flying- Rear LED Flight

lndicators will blink a slow yellow (                     ).

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. g I
Assembly and Use

Follow the below instructions to prepare for flight.

I Removing Gimbal CIamp

Pull gimbal clamp in the direction indicated to remove.

                                                                      Figurc 2

To avoid damage to the gimbal, remove Gimbal Clamp before powering up the Phantom.
Attach the Gimbal Clamp during transportation or long term storage to avoid damage

2 Preparing the Battery

Ensure all related devices are fully charged before flying the Phantom 2 Vision+.

Device                Powerapfly

Remote Controller     4 AA batteries.

Range Extender        Charge fully through Micro-USB port. See Charoino the Ranoe Extender (Paoe 30)
                      for details.

Aircraft (including   DJI Smart Flight Battery.
gimbal and camera)

Mobile Device         Charge fully before using the DJI VISION App.

2.I DJI Smart Flight Battery

This battery has been specially designed for the Phantom 2 series. lt has a battery capacity of 52OOmAh, voltage of
Il.lV and chargedischarge management functionality. lt can only be charged with a DJI charger or Phantom 2 Car

Charger.

        Smart Flight Battery                                         Charger

                     Figure 5                                                      Figurc 4

DJI Smart Flight Battery Furctiom

(1) Balance Charging                  I Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell during charging.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserrea. 10 I
l2l Capacity Display                  Displays current battery levels.

(3) Communication                     Communicates with main controller about battery voltage, capacity,

(4) OverchargeProtection               current and other relevant information.
                                      Charging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches I2.8V to
(5) Over Discharge Protection         prevent overcharge damage.
(6) Short Circuit Protection          Discharging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 8.4V to
(71 Sleep Protection                  prevent over discharge damage.
(8) ChargingTemperature               Automatically cuts power supply when a short circuit is detected.
                                      Sleep mode is entered after lO minutes of inactivity to save power.
         Detection
                                      The battery will charge only when the temperature is between OC
                                      (32"F) and 4OC (lO4"F).

               Charging Environment Temperature
               Discharging Environment Temperature
               Charging/Discharging Environment Relative Humidity

  I. Please read the user manual. disclaimer, and battery warnings before use. Users take full responsibility
              for all operations and usage.

22 Usages

                           LED2       LE D3
                            LEDI      LED4
Battery Level lndicators
                                      Circular Power Button
                                      ( Built-in Power Light)

                                                                              Figuro 5

Powering onlolt

Powering on: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. Power Light
will go red and Battery Level lndicators will show the current battery level-
Powering off: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. Battery Level
lndicators will all go out.

Checking the battery level
When the battery is powered off, press the Circular Power Button once. Battery Level lndicators will light up to

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 11 I
show battery level. See below for details.

         Battery Level lndicators will show the current battery level during charging and discharging. The

  q indicators are defined below.

LEDI LED2 LED3 LED4                            Currcnt battcry lcrcl

IIII                                                 87.5c6-lOOe6

IIIo                                                75x-87.5x
                                                    625x.75x
IIII                                                5Ox-62.5x
rI                                   I  oI
                                     I  II           375sa-5Oso
I oI I                                               25q"-375q"
II I I                                                12.5q*'-25E'
                                                       O%-12.5%
oI I I
                                                             .O9a
IIII

Battery life
When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Circular Power Button for 5 seconds to check battery life.
Battery Level lndicators will show light up and the Battery Power lndicators will blink for lO seconds. All lights will
then turn off. For details, please see below.

LEDI LED2 LEDS LED4                            Currcnt bettery life

IIII                                                 9O%-'lOOe6
                                                      8Oe6-9Oe6
IIIo                                                 7@"-AofE,

IIII                                                60%-7M

I I oI                                               5O%-6O%
                                                     4Oe6-50"6
rI                                   I  I  I          3Oe6-4Oe6
                                     o               2O%-3O%
                                        I  rI
                                                 Less than 2Ox
III

or Ir                                   I  I

                                        I  I

+ When batter life reaches O, it is no longer operational.

q' More battery information is available in the battery tab of the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant.

l2o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea. I
l. Connect charger to wall socket (IOG24OV,5O/6OHa using the plug set if necessary).
2. Connect battery to charger. lf the current capacity of the battery is over 75es, you should turn it on

        before beginning to charge.

3. Battery Level lndicators will display current capacity level as the battery charges.
4. Battery is fully charged when Battery Level indicator lights are off. Disconnect the charger and battery

when charging is complete.

                                                 )l_1_1_);

                                      Fi5urc 6

LEDT LEV2 LEDS LED4 Current b.ttery lev6l

I I Io O*.25*,
I ro o
                                      25e6-5Oe5
ro o o
                                      5Ox-75x

o o o a 75x-lOOe6

I I I I Fully charged

      The Smart Flight Battery can be charged using an optional Phantom 2 Car Charger. This can charge the
      battery in-car or through 55-65 Li-Po batteries. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer service

      for details.

    0) Battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJl. DJI does not take any
i responsibility for damage caused by third party chargers.

    (2) lf current battery level is over 759o, the battery should be turned on before charging.

2.4 Battery lnstallation

Push battery into battery compartment accordiqg to the below diagram. When you hear a click, the battery has

been properly installed-

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserued. 13 I
                                                                                                   .)

                                             <I

                                                                              Figurc 7

  I An incorrectly installed battery may cause (l) Bad contact, (2) unavailable battery information, (3)
               unsafe flight, (4) inability to take off.

2.5 Correct Batterv Usaoe Notes
 l. When the battery is turned on, do not connect it to or disconnect it from the Phantom.
 2- Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charge/discharge cycles. Discharge the

         battery until there is less than 8eo power or until it can no longer be tumed on, then recharge it to

           maximum capacity. This power cycling procedure will optimize the battery.

 5. For long term storage, place the battery with only a 4O-5Oga charge in a strong battery box. Discharge

         and charge the battery once every 5 months to keep it in good cordition. Charge amount should be
         varied in these maintena nce charges - (4Oe6-5O96Hx-l OOe6--(4O%-5Oe6)'

 4. Purchase a new battery after your current battery has been discharged over 3OO times. Completely

           discharge a battery prior to disposal. Please dispose of batteries properly-

 5. Purchase a new battery if your current battery swells up or is damaged in any way.
 6. Never recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
 7. Never charge batteries unattended. Always charge batteries on a non-flammable surface such as

            concrete and never near any flammable materials.

 8. Safety is extremely important. For more information, please see the Disclaimer.

            Discharging methods:

        l) Slow

          Place battery in Phantom and turn on. Leave on until there is less than 8so of power left or until the
           battery can no longer be turned on. See DJI VISION App for battery levels. Motors do not need to be

            turned on, reducing wear.

        2l Quick
         Fly the Phantom outdoors until there is less than 8* of power left or until the battery can no longer be

            turned on.

o2O14 DJl. All Rights Reservea. 14 I
5 Preparing the Phantom 2 Vision+

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a quadrotor with a built-in Flight Control System with integrated gimbal and camera. lt
features an FC Assistant Port, Camera Data Port and a specialized battery compartment for its flight battery. All
these features make the Phantom 2 Vision+ easy to assemble and configure.

5.1 lntroduction                      -F:             nl Propeller

ltl--                                                   121 Motor
                                           tel
121
                                           itol 15I Front Sticker
l,l
                                           t|l
tsl
t6l                                                   t4t Front LED
                                                       tsI FC Assistant Port (Micro-USB port)
17l
                                                        t6I Vibration Absorber
tBl                                                     V1 Camera LED lndicator
                                                        t8I Camera Function Button
                  Figurc 8                              teI Anti-drop Kit
                                                      nol 5-axial Stabilized Gimbal
112)
                                                      tlll Camera Lens
tt3l
                                                        n2I Rear LED Flight lndicator
lt4l
ttsl                                                 llsl DJlSmart Flight Battery

                                                        114l Receiver Antenna

                                                      ttsl Landing Gear
                                                     ll6l Camera Data Port(Micro-USB port)
                                                       n7I Compass
                                                       tlsI Micro-SD Slot

                  Figurc lO

5.2 Built-in Flight Control System

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 Flight Control System, This provides incredible ease of
use and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many directions, including pitch (forwards and
backwards), roll (left and right), elevator (up and down) and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system also
can provide lOC, Failsafe and battery level warnings.

Moduhe            Fun'ctions
Main Controller
                  Acts as the brains of the complete flight control system, responsible for connecting
                  and controlling all the modules together.

o2O14DJl. All Rights Reserved. t 5 I
IMU                    Has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both attitude
                       and altitude.
GPS & Compass          The compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS (Global Position
LED Flight lndicators  System) to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircrafl
                       lndicates the status of flight control system.

FC Assistant Port
The flight control system communicates with the PC Assistant Software through a Micro-USB cable between the
Phantom FC Assistant Port and the PC. Users can use Assistant Software to configure the aircraft and upgrade the
Phantom firmware. Please refer to Usinq the Phantom 2 Vision* Assistant Software (Paqe 68) for details.

5.5 LED Ftight lndicator Descriptions

LED flight indicators are found at the front and the rear of the Phantom. Front LEDs are for indicating where the
nose of the aircraft is. They light up solid red after motors have started spinning. Rear LED Flight lndicators light up
to show the aircraft's current flight status once the flight battery is powered on. For details, please see the below
table.

                                                Froni LEDs      Rear LED
                                                            Flight lndicators

                       Figure I I                                              Figurc l2

Rear LED FlQht lndicators                       Nonnal                         Notes

OO OO  (Red, Green, Yettow ftashing in                                         Aircraft cannot take off.
                                                     Power On Self-Test        More than 6 GPS satellites found.
turn)

o O O (G...n, Yellow flashing in turn)          Warming Up
                                                Ready to Fly
O O O O Olsto-Greenftashins)

                        (Slow Yellow flashing)  Ready to Fly (non-GPS)         Less than 6 GPS satellites found.
Rcar LED Flight ln<ficators                     Abnormal                       Notos

       (Quick Yellow flashing)                  Remote Controller Signal Refer to Failsafe Function (Paoe4l)
                                                Lost for details.

O a a O Olso*Redftashins)                       Low Battery Level              DJI VISION App will also show
                                                Warning
                                                                               warning message.

OOOOO O (a)u,"* Red flashing)                   Critical Low Battery Level DJI VISION App willshow warning

                                                Warning                        message.

OOO (Three Red flashing off and on)             Not Stationary or Sensor Keep aircraft stationary or perform

                                                Bias is too big                IMU calibration.

s2Ol4 DJl. All Rights ReserveU. t 6 I
                                      Error*         Cannot fly.

o O O (n"a, Yellow flashing in turn)  Compass Needs  Refer to Calibratinq the Compass
                                      Calibration    (Paqe3B) to get details.
-(sotidred)

lf a solid red  LED indicator appears, connect to the Phantom 2 vision+ Assistant

          Software for details and resolution. This may be caused by:

          l) IMU calibration required: Recalibrate IMU using Assistant Software.
                    -

,f-. 2) IMU is abnormal: Repair required.
          3) Compass is abnormal: Repair required.

4) Remote controller mid-point is set abnormally: Refer to How to solve larqe marqin(s)

mid-point error (Paqe 73).

5.4 5-axial Stabilized Gimbat

The 3-axial stabilized gimbal of the Phantom 2 Vision+ will power on and self-check each time the flight battery is
installed and powered on. lts pitch can be controlled using the DJI YISION App. This gimbal has two working modes,
video mode and FPV mode, with the video mode set as default. This can be configured inside Phantom 2 Vision+
Assistant Software or the DJI VISION App.

                                                             Pitch 3 9ools

           Video Mode: the gimbal will stabilize across 3-axial for smooth aerial creativity.
          FPV Mode (First Person View Mode), Gimbal will lock to the movements of the Phantom for a true FPV
           experience.

Antidrop Kit

The Anti-drop Kit helps keep the gimbal and camera connected to the aircraft. Two have been mounted on delivery.
lf new ones are reguired, take the gimbal and press part @ through the center hole of the Vibration Absorber the

center hole of part @. Lock them together as shown in @. Mounting the Anti-drop Kit diagonally is recommended.

s2OI4 DJl. All Rights ReserveO. 17 I
                                                                                    Figure 14

   *' Once part @ and part @ are connected, the Anti-drop Kit cannot be disconnected and reused.

Micro-SD Slot
With flight battery powered off, make sure the Micro-SD card is inserted correctly into the Micro-SD Slot before
taking any photos or recording any video.

                                                            Figure l5

The Phantom 2 Vision+ comes with a 4GB Micro-SD card and can support cards up to 32GB. The DJI VISION App

may not be able to read some Micro-SD cards. Using the DJI VISION App to reformat new Micro-SD cards is

recommended.
Refer to Format Micro-SD Card (Paqe 56) for details.

  A Do not insert or remove Micro-SD card when flight battery is powered on-

Gimbal Error Warning
Before the aircraft takes off, if a gimbal motor error is detected or the gimbal clamp is not removed, there will be a
warning prompt on the camera page of the DJI VISION App. This will disappear after the problem is resolved.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 18 I
        Figurc l6                                                Figurc l7

0) Remove Gimbal Clamp before powering on flight battery.
(2\ Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: 0) GimUat is placed on uneven ground. (2)

Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision.

Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.

Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The

gimbal will recover when it dries out.

55 Camera

The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera powers up when the flight battery has been installed and switched on. Photos and
videos can be shot by pressing either the onboard button or the DJI VISION App. For aerial photography it
supports burst shots, continuous capture and timed capture, and exports to both Adobe DNG Raw and JPEG. For
aerial video, it shoots in full HD at (lO8Op3O/lO8Oi6O) and can even shoot 72Op6O for internet ready slow motion.

Camera specificatbns

Sensor Size                           1/2.3

Pixels                                14 Megapixels

Resolution                            4384x3289

HD Recording                          lOSOpSo ltosOi6OI 7 2Op6O
Recording FOV
                                      ilo' / 85'

Lens cap renxrval
Remove lens cap before use and replace it when shooting is complete to protect the camera lens.

                                      .a: ;-\-

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. 19 I
Camera Function Buttons
Capture: Press (hold less than 2 seconds) to take a single capture.
Record: Press (hold longer than 2 seconds) to begin recording. Press again to stop.

Camera Data Port
Connect the Camera Data Port to a PC using a Micro-USB cable to copy photos and videos to a PC.

                      i(

                                 rl

                                                        Frguro l9

.+ Photos and videos can only be copied when the flight battery is powered on.

Camera LED lndicator

Camera LED lndicator lights up after the flight battery is powered on- lt provides information on the working status

of the camera.

Camera LED lrdicator                               Wi-Fistatus  Camera status
                                                        OFF     Power On; ldle
o sorid                                                 ON      ldle
                                                        ON      Micro-SD card connected to PC
O Slow Blink (O.2s on,l.8s ofO                          ON      Synchronizing
O Uink (O.ls on, O.3s off, O.Is on, I.8s offl           OFF     Recording
O Fast Blink (O.ls on, O.5s off)                                Taking a single picture.
                                                    ON/OFF      Taking 5 or 5 photos per shot
      Solid                                         ON/OFF      Firmware Upgrading
                                                    ON/OFF      Recording
      Blink Once (O.2s on, O5s off)                             Critical error
                                                        ON      CMOS sensor error
     Blink 5 Times(O.Is on, O.ls offl               ON/OFF      Operation failed
                                                    ON/OFF      Micro-SD card error
     Fast Blink (O.ls on, O.3s off)                 ON/OFF      Upgrade error
                                                                Overheated Camera
O^ (O.2s green, l.8s yellow)                        oN/oFF

o sorid                                             ON/OFF
                                                    ON/OFF
O Slow Blink (O.2s on, I.8s off)
O Blink Once (O.2s on, O.3s off)
O Blink 5 Times(o.ls on, O.ls off)
O Fast Blink (O.Is on. O.3s off)
O O (O.S. green, O.5s yellow, O.5s red, O.5s Off)

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.20 I
4 Attaching the Propellers

Always use original f-inch propellers, classified by the color of each central nut.

4.1 lntroduction                     Grey Nut (9443)                                 Black Nut (9443 R)

  Propellers

Diagram

Assembly Location        Attach to motor without black dot.  Attach to motor with blsck dot
Fastening/U n-fastening
lnstructions             o) Lock Tighten propeller in this direction.
                         tr) Unlock: Loosen propeller in this direction.

I. (Figure 2O) Remove warning cards from motors after you have read them.
2. (Figure 2l) Spin grey marked propellers clockwise onto unmarked motors and black marked propellers

        anti-clockwise for black marked motors.

                 *o

                                             1t''i,

                     'l

                                                           \1

                'o

                                              Figrurc 20

 a Propellers self tighten during flight DO NOT use thread locker.

  t 0) Always match marked props with the corresponding motor.

           (2) Protective gloves are recommended during propeller assembly and removal.

4.3 Removing the Propellers

(Figure 22) Prevent motor rotation using the included wrench or a hand, then remove propeller according to the

un-fastening instructions.

                                           '.\

                                                \ c\r

                                     ,$'\o;''

                                          "fl\
                                                  Flgurc22

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.2l I
4.4 Notes
 l. Check that propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.
 2. Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or

           broken propellers.

 3. To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
 4. ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience-

           For beginner flyers, PHANTOM 2 Prop Guards are recommended. Contacl your authorized dealer or DJI
           customer service to purchase if necessary.

                                                                  Figun2l

o2O14 DJl. All Rights Reserred. 22 I
5 Preparing the Remote Controller

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
Remote Controller and Phantom are paired before delivery.
The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default. This can be adjusted in the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software.
See Usinq the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software (Paqe 69) for details. You can also adjust the power of your
Remote Controller according to national regulations. Please refer to Compliance Version Confiquration (Paqe 27).

           Conrpliance Version The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is compliant with CE and FCC (see the
           FCC lD) regulations.
          Operating Mode' Mode I and Mode 2 reler to different channel mappings.
           Mode I' The right stick controls throttle.
           Mode 2: The left stick controls throttle.

    .. The Range Extender and Phone Holder are already mounted on the Remote Controller. Twist the Phone

           Holder to face outwards and fix it in position for mobile device installation.

  A Large smartphones and tablets are not recommended for the Phone Holder as they do not fiL

5.1 The Remote Controller                  tll I Antenna

                                        T  l2l I Carrying Handle
                                           t5l I Switctr Sl
tll I i                                    141 i Switch 52 (Reserved)
                                           t5] | night Stick (Jl, Roll [left & right], J2, Pitch [front & back])
                    Ll                     t6] | Left Stick (J5, Throttle [up & down], J4: Yaw [rotation])
                    FL.                    l7l I Neck Strap Attachment
     '(@,t2).'e.<s| -.\-     lr            t81 I Power Switch
      r .r\.        tz..                   tgl I Power LED
            l4)            .,,$1 tsi       nOl i RC Assistant Port(Micro-USB Port)
                                           [l] | Battery Compartment (On the back)
J4aJtJ.i[6]               ,A. Iitsr.1f-2
-i \ I--I tt-l1l 1t'fif+iffiZ, oVl
e rytffittelIB]

ttol

      Figurc 24

52 Power on the Remote Controller

 l. lnstall four AA batteries into the battery compartment on the back of the Remote Controller. Pay

          attention to positive and negative.

 2- Set Sl and 52 switches to the upper most position and place all sticks in the mid-point.
 5. Toggle power switch to the right to switch on.
 4. The Remote Controller will then beep. lf it is set to CE compliance, then there will be one beep while the

         FCC compliant version will beep twice. The Power LED will blink green quickly indicating that the

           Remote Controller and receiver are binding. Once binding is completed. the Power LED will change to a

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.23 I
solid green.

                                                                         Figurc 25

        0) lf the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to Remote Controller Power LED Status

J- hformation (Paqe 24) for details), replace batteries as soon as possible.

       (2) For long term storage, be sure to remove the batteries from Remote Controller.
       (3) Dispose of batteries properly.

5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status lnformation

P*rrLED  Sound                       Rgnae Cortrro[erStetc

ooaooo   None                        Functioning normally.
         None                        Establishing a link between the Remote Controller and the receiver.
-oooa                                Low voltage (at 5.9V4.5V). Replace batteries as soon as possible.
         &&B_*                       Low voltage (lower than 5.9V). Remote Controller will automatically power off.
aaaoaa                               Replace batteries immediately.
         BBBB

oooo     B-B-B-..                    Remote Controller has not been operated for 15 minutes. Turn off or use the
                                     Remote Controller.

        The Remote Controller Power LED will blink red and sound an alert when the voltage drops below
        3.9V and automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the

t Remote Controller. lf this low voltage warning occurs during flight, it will cause the Phantom to enter

       Failsafe mode which cannot be interrupted (refer to Failsafe Function (Paqe4l) for details). Replacing

        batteries immediately after the low voltage warning (3.9V-45V) is strongly recommended.

5.4 Antenna Orientation

Keep the antennas pointing skyward, perpendicular to the ground for maximum communication range during flight.

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserred.24 I
For maximum range and ,."1i";iiit:--
Remote Controller antenna should
pornt skywards with no
obstructions between it and the

Phantom. Obstacles may cause
Return to Home to trigger. Phone
Holder and Ranqe Extender
should not block the antenna.

                      S.

                        /,

                $_..
                                            -\ \=\or

                ,,';*5):

                                     Figure 26

5.5 Remote Controller Operation

The Remote Controller default is set to Mode 2 by default.

          Stick Neutral/ mid point Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.
           Move the Stickr The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

Remote C,ontnoller                Aircraft                                   Opergtiondetaib

     (Mode2)        1tn inaicates nose direction)     Vertical movements on the left stick control elevation.
                                                      Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
                     r,                               When both sticks are centered the Phantom will hover
                                                      in place.
                     + *'-_
                                                      Push the throttle stick upward beyond the centered
                    (./                               (neutral) position to take off. Push the throttle gently to
                                                      prevent sudden ard unexpected elevation.
                    (.\
                                                      Horizontal movements on the left stick control the

                                                      rudder-

                                                      Push left to rotate counter clock-wise and right for

                                                      clockwise. lf the stick is centered, the Phantom will fly

                                                      straighL
                                                      The more the stick is moved, the faster the Phantom will
                                                      rotate.

                                                      Vertical movements on the right stick control forward

                                                      and backward pitch.

                                                      Push up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The
                                                      Phantom will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                      Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                      35") and faster flight.

o2OI4 DJl. All Rishts Reservea.25 I
                                     Horizontal movements on the right stick control left and
                                     right pitch.
                                     Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Phantom
                                     will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                     Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                     55") and faster flight.

         0) ln 'Ready to Fly' mode, the Phantom will hover when all sticks are released.
   + (2) ln'Ready to Fly (non-GPS)'the Phantom will lock its altitude but will not have horizontal

                        positioning.

5.6 Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

A 5.8G receiver is built in to the Phantom 2 Vision+. lts link button and indicator are located on the underside of
the phantom, as shown in Figure 27.
The Remote Controller and the receiver are paired before delivery. Only use this button if you have replaced your
Remote Controller or receiver.

                                                                    Link Button &
                                                                    I ink lndicator

                                     a'

                                     Figurc27

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.26 I
Linking Procedures

 I. Power off the Remote Controller, polver on the aircraft. You will see the link indicator blinking red.
 2. Press the link button with a thin object and hold until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link

           button.

 3. Power on the Remote Controller. Link indicator will switch off, showing that a link has been successfully

            established.

Link lndicator            Descrlptlon                                   Next Operadon
                      No signal received.  Switch on the Remote Controller or perform a link procedure.
      Llnk lndlcator  Ready to link.       Switch on the Remote Controller.

 ooooo

5.7 Compliance Version Configuration

As power levels vary between regulators, the Phantom Remote Controller's power output can be adjusted by
twisting the potentiometer knob (Figure 28) on the back of the Remote Controller using a flathead screwdriver. For
CE compliance, set the Remote Controller to CE with a full counterclockwise turn. For FCC compliance, set the
Remote Controller to FCC with a full clockwise turn. Be sure to follow relevant local regulations.
Compliance can be configured using the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software. Select CE compliance version in
Assistant Software to set it, or do the same with FCC compliance version.

                                                        CE FCC

                                                                             Figuro 28

         0) Turn the potentiometer knob gently to avoid damage.
         (2) CE compliant devices have an effective communication range of 4OO meters in open spaces

                      due to power limitations.

   I tSl FCC compliant devices have an effective range of 8OO meters in open spaces.

           (4) Watch your flight distance as the Phentom 2 Vision+ will enter Failsefe mode (autoJending or

                      go home and land) if it flies beyond the relevant range limits.

           (5) Always follow local laws and regulations.

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.2T I
         0) lt is recommended to use a O2.4mm flathead screwdriver for adjustments.
         (2) There is another potentiometer for reserved use.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.28 |
6 Preparing the Range Extender

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Range Extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz
frequency band. lt is used to extending the effective range of communication between a Smartphone and the

Phantom 2 Vision+. ln an open, unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach up to 7OO meters. This can

be reduced by trees, buildings and other sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that

you ensure the Range Extender is functioning properly; otherwise communication issues between the mobile device
and the Phantom 2 Vision. may occur.

Each Range Extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the label

as 'Phantom-XXXXXX'. The 'XXXXXX' represents the last 6letters or numbers of the MAC address for the

Range Extender. This can be renamed in the DJI VISION App.

6.1 lntroduction                           t4l                  U I SYSTEM lndicator
                                           tsl                  t21 | POWER lndicator
  tt l                                     i6l                  t31 | Lock-screw

  12)                                      17l                  141 | Binaing Reset Button
                                                                t5] | Power Switch
 i3l                                                            t61 | Charging Port(Micro-USB port)
                                                                Vl I Mounting Bracket
                             Figurc 29

SYSTEM lndicator

Shows Wi-Fi status of the Range Extender.

SYSTEM lrdic.tor  Dercription
                  The Wi-Fi network is functioning normally.
oaao              The Wi-Fi network is functioning abnormally.

off

POWER lndicator

Shows power levels of the Range Extender.

POWER lrdicator   Description

                  Fully charged.

                  Low voltage alert, re-charge required.

 - Charging.
 - lf the power indicator is a solid red light, the Ranger Extender may stop working at any moment. Land
I

         and recharge as soon as possible-

Binding Reset Button
When the Binding Reset Button is pressed, it will reset and restart the Range Extender. You will need to bind it with

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.29 I
the Phantom 2 Vision+ again to recreate its Wi-Fi network. Failure to do so will cause the DJI VISION App to fail to
connect with the camera.

6.2 Use

Charging the Range Extender
  Charge the Range Extender by connecting the charging port to a power supply device such as a PC or a USB
  charger using a Micro-USB cable. Make sure to charge the Range Extender completely before usirg it for the
  first time. This takes 3-4 hours depending on USB power output.

    Ii Make sure the Range Extender has enough power before each use.

Powering on the Range Extender

 l. Flick the power switch to the ON position.
 2. Wait for approximately 30 seconds The Wi-Fi siqnal indicator will blink green indicating the Range

           Extender is communicating properly.

 3- Keep the Range Extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link

    to Power off the Range Extender after every flight to avoid discharginq the battery.

Checking the Battery Level
The battery level of the Range Extender can be checked in the camera page of the DJI VISION App as shown
below. When the battery level drops to 2Ou" or lower, the battery level icon will go red as a charging reminder.

                                    Figure 5I                            Figurc 52

6.5 Renaming the Range Extender SSID

Make your Range Extender SSID easier to remember by changing its name..

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.30 I
EHCiAt             I                 cry6rllD                              Cmrrrt 3!#).
                   I
Atno Flir.                            Phantom . I 08563                      Pl-rrf frltilrtroafafc
                         )                                                   f.f oBrT. E rt5*r0 [ErI,
Low Bsttary Wamhg         )          ia.r SSIU               rd'_'. rd ia
Tutorial                                                                   IT
Ctar }lcus Cacrra                     lrlrtrtlrt,rt I
tLnding
                                     Plrlo rr or{'+r','}t'.
                                     <5*aci6r .t tEt

SSIDOlRangcErt rdcr                  Iolwl elnlrlvlul r lolpl lolwlelnlrl vlul r lolpl

Figurc 5ll                                         Figurc }{               Figure 55

I. Tap 'Rename SSID of Range Extender" in the Settings page. Enter a new name SSID name (e.g.

         Phantom-Tom) in the textbox.

2- Tap El and you will be asked to enter the last six characters of your MAC address on the Range

        Extender to confirm the change. The MAC address can be found on the sticker on your Range Extender.

        lf your MAC address is 6O:6OiFr6O,41rE7, then enter 6O4lE7.

3. Tap 'OK" to confirm the change. The Range Extender will automatically restart and the App will return to

the settings page. Approximately 5O seconds later, the new network name can be found in the Wi-Fi list

of your mobile device. Select and connect the renamed network to use the DJI VISION App.

6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

lf the connection between the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender fails, or one of them needs to be
repaired or replaced, a camera and Range Extender binding will need to be performed through the DJI VISION

App.

                                        Binding       " tr(;_(^-t)r),'l
                                     Reset Button
                                                   L/\ -)-

                                                                           Figurc 56

l. Power on the camera and Range Extender.
2. Approximately 50 seconds later, press the Binding Reset Button on the Range Extender with a thin

        object until the SYSTEM lndicator turns off. The Range Extender will then restart automatically.
3. Approximately 30 seconds later, the SYSTEM lndicator will start to blink green, indicating that the Range

        Extender is ready for binding.

4. Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select 'Phantom_XXXXXX" the (SSlDof your Range Extender)

         from theWi-Fi network list.

5. (Figure 37) Run the DJI VISION App then tap -' $q111^ts -' General -, Binding. (Figure 38) Select 'Scan

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserrea.3l I
        QR Code' to scan the camera QR code on the product packaging. (Figure 59) Get the camera SSID (E.g.
        FC2oo-xxxxxx) and the MAC address. You can also skip the scan and enter the camera MAC address
        directly (Figure 58, Figure 4O). The MAC address can be found on the camera label.

6. Tap the tack lZl in the top right corner. The Range Extender should automatically restart. Binding is

         now complete.

  GEXNAL                             I.     fACAdt.                                )
                                     I                                                    QR code
  Auto Flbg                                 sAlo
  Low Batlcry Wmfrg                     tl
                                            X CAer..
 fdqitl
 Cbr lte6 CecrE                                       Sc.o th. OR Cod.
                                                           Figurc 58
[","r*

              Figurc 57

                                                                        l::

            Figure 59                                                   Fqurr 4{!

DO NOT push the Binding Reset Button of the Range Extender unless you are ready to rebind the

@ Range Extender and the camera. This will unbind your camera so you must follow the steps above for

rebinding.

lf both the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender are powered on and working normally, you will

be able to find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.

0) The QR code is located on the bottom cover of the Phantom 2 Vision+. lf you cannot find the

        QR code, please contact DJI customer service and provide your camera serial number (printed

        on the label of the camera) so they can generate a new QR code for you.

(2) Photographing and saving the QR code is recommended to prevent loss.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserred.32 I
7 Downloading and lnstalling the DJI VISION App

7.1 Download and lnstall

Download and instal! metlrcds

EfliEI  Scan the QR code to get the download link. Download and install the DJI VISION App on your
        mobile device. You can find the QR code on the 'Quick Start Guide' as well as on the packaging
H{ffi
        of the Phantom 2 Vision+.

iOS user Search'DJl VlSlON" on the App Store, download and install on your mobile device.

Android user Search 'DJl VlSlON" on Google Play, download and install on your mobile device.

Supported mot ila devices

iOS (iOS6.l or above)      Recommended: iPhone4S, iPhone5, iPhone5S, iPhone5C, iPod Touch4, iPod Touch5;
                           Available but not recommended: iPad3, iPad4, iPad mini, iPad Air.

Android (4.O or above)     Samsung Galaxy 53, 54, Note2, NoteS or mobile devices of similar configuration.

        DJI continues to support many mobile devices and any information from users are welcome. Please

         send any questions or queries to the following mailbox: phantom2vision@ji.com.

I The DJI website is regularly updated. Check back often for latest App updates.

7.2 Register and Login

Access the lnternet to register and login.

                                                           Emd

                                                           M

                                                           Forgol pcsrad?

              SIIARL \ DUR ALftIAL MASILRPITCTS                      rji'
                                                           Cilt il.r&-nt
ttl

@t21

        Figure 4l                                Figwe 12  Figure 45

fl] Register
   Tap ' Register' to enter the registration page. Fill in your Emoil and Password information and then tup El to

     create a new account.
              The DJI account works with all DJI Assistant Software and Apps.

a2Ol4DJl.All Rishts Reservea.33 I
[2] Login

ElTap 'Login' to enter the login page. Fill in your registered Email and Password and then tap  to login.

I Log in to your account the first time you use the DJI VISION App.

           Tap'Forgot Password" if you have forgotten your login details.

[5] Usage tips
    Useful tips will display when you enter the welcome page. Tap the screen to display the next useful tip.

           t3l

                                                                         Figurc 44

             Enable the "Tutorial" switch in the Settings page to get hints and tips the first time you use the DJI

               VISION App.

                                                                                    Figore 45

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.34 I
8 Connecting the Camera

Before flight, always connect your smartphone to the Phantom's Wi-Fi network. This is required for the camera

control and FPV.

8.1 Connecting Procedures

Follow these instructions to connect a mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.

 l. Power on the Remote Controller and the Range Extender.
 2. Power on the Phantom 2 Vision+-
 5. (Figure46) Enable the Wi-Fi on your mobile device; wait for about 5O secondq and then select

           'Phantom-XXXXXX" from theWi-Fi network list.

 4. (Figure47) Run the DJI VISION App on your mobile device. When the Wi-Fi connection indicator on the

          App main menu goes green, the connection is good.

 5. Tap the "CAMERA" icon and the DJI VISION App will begin a live camera preview (Figure48). This means

           everything is functioning normally.

        Enable Wi-Fi  6WrFi                                                       Wi Fi Connection
                                                                                        lndicator
        Select        Chooee a Netwoek...
Phantom_XXXXXX                                  eo                     ge
                        FCA G:lg
                                                ?O
                      y' Phantom 10O020

                      A.l( to &Lt ta.tuEL.      oFF

                            K,rown retworks wll be ldned               F
                      autsmtrcally. l, no kmwa rElwks tre

                      availabb. yd wi[ have to mua*y *lect

                                          amlscl(

                                     Figure l5                         Figrrc 47

                                                            Figure 48

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.35 I
Wi-Fi Connection lndicator Description

lcon Description

o Solid green Wi-Fi is connected to the Phantom 2 Vision+-

6 Solid blue  Wi-Fi is connected to another Wi-Fi network, not to the Phantom 2 Vision+.

a off         No Wi-Fi connection.

     0) The SSID is unigue for each Phantom 2 Vision+ lt will appear as Phantom_XXXXXX in your Wi-Fi

I, list.
     (2) Android users can tap the SSID button on the main page to mobile device Wi-Fi settings directly.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserred.36 I
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to carry out the tasks in lhe Phantom Pilot Training

Guideto prepare for more complex flight maneuvers and learn to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in
a suitable location.
Flight Environment Requirements

 l. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wird speed exceeding category 4,

            snow, rain and smog.

 2. Fly in open fields as high buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass.
 3. Keep the Phantom away from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water when

           in flight.

 4. Reduce the chance of electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of

           electromagnetism, including base stations or radio transmission towers.

 5. The Phantom cannot operate within the polar areas.
 6. Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

Preflight Checklist

 l. Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.
 2. Propellers are mounted correctly.
 3. Gimbal clamp has been removed.
 4. Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.
 5. Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.
 6. Camera lens cap has been removed.
 7. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
 8. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
 9. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
 lO. DJI VISION App can connect to the camera.

@2014 DJl. All Rights Reserved.3T l
I Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to
electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even

flight failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

       0) DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as

                     magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.

       (2) DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
       (3) DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects

l.l Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures. Watch the Phantom 2 Vision+ quick start video for

more details.

       Quickly flip the switch Sl       560' Rotate the aircraft                          560'Rotate the aircraft
                                                horizontally                            vertically (Nose downward)

                                                                                     I

                                            (-H)-}+l'--.==

Start  Position-l-Position-a'Positionl
 cali        Flip 5 times or above

         LED Flight lndicator             LED Flight lndicator                                       LED Flight
       Start horizontal calibratic..    Start vertical calibration                                   lndicator

                                          -                                             Normal LED O O

                                                                                        Succeed       Fnil

                                                                                        Re-calibrate

                                                                                             Flip once

                                                                             Figurc 49

    _ lf compass calibration is needed before flight a prompt will appear on the DJI VISON App's camera

             page. lt will disappear after successful calibration.

I-2 When to Recalibrate

 l. When compass data is abnormal, the rear LED flight indicator will blink red and yellow.
 2. Flying in different location to last flighl
 5. Mechanical structure of the Phantom has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.
 4. Severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom does not fly in straight lines.

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Rese.rea.38 I
2 Starting/Stopping the Motors

2.I Starting Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors instead of simply pushing the stick up. (Figure 50)
Push both sticks to their bottom corners to start the motors Once the motors have spun up, release both sticks
simultaneously.

                                                  Figure 5O

2.2 Stopping Motors

There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method l: When the Phantom has landed, push the throttle down, then conduct CSC. Motors will stop immediately.
Release both sticks once motors stop.

                                     tt

                                     .ti1t _

                                     r -oJ' i\:,  -'1

                                                    l,o)

                                     ligf'f)l.t9','l

                                     o

                                             Figure 5l

Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Motors will stop after 3 seconds.

                                                          fi

                                                    ,       +it----  to
                                                  .e:,\'
                                                          x"

                                                  'g ),Pl
                                                    ,Ii:
                                                  --.--.-/    ^*-)\/

                                                  Figuru 52

        Do not execute CSC during normal flight. This will stop the motors and cause the aircraft to drop without

        control.

q, Conduct the CSC as neatly as you can. Release the sticks once motors start/stop.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.39 I
5 Flight Test

5.1 Take off   Procedures

I. Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on open flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.

2. Power on the Remote Controller and Range Extender, then the Smart Flight Battery.

3. Launch the DJI VISION App and start bind it with your smartphone then enter the camera preview page.

4- Wait until the Rear LED Flight lrrdicator blinks green. This means it has initialized ard is Ready to Fly. lf it

flashes yellow, it is in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and will require more careful flight. Execute the CSC

        command to start motors.

5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off. Refer to Remote Controller Operation (Paqe 25) for more details.
6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI VISION App. Refer to DJI VISION App Usaqe (Paqe 48) for more

details.

7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle gently to descend.

8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or more

until the motors stop.

Turn off the smart battery, Range Extender and Remote Controller.

       (l) When the Rear LED Flight lndicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered

                  Failsefe mode. Refer to Failsafe Function (Paqe 4l) for details.

, t,, Q) A low battery level warning is indicated by the Rear LED Flight lndicator blinking red slowly or

                   rapidly during flight. Refer to the Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page) for details.

       (5) View tutorials about flight for more flight information: www.dii.com/phantom2visionplus/traininq.

5.2 Video Suqqestions and Tips
 I. Work through the check list before each flight.
 2. Set the gimbal working mode to Stabilized.
 3. Aim to shoot when flying in Ready to Fly only.
 4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
 5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include FOV, photo format ard exposure compensation.
 6. Take flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
 7- Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.

a2O14 DJl. All Rights Reservea.40 I
4 Failsafe Function

The Phantom will enter Failsafe mode when its connection to the Remote Controller is lost. The Flight Control
System will automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to prevent injury or damage.

            Home Point When the Phantom enters 'Ready to Fly' from the ' Ready to Fly status (non-GPS)', the

              GPS coordinates will be recorded and set as the home poinL

         l) When Remote Controller signal is lost, the aircraft will retum to the recorded home point
  e, coordinates and land.

         2) Home point coordinates are used to calculate the horizontal distance of the aircraft (shown as

                      'Distance" on the GUI of the DJI VISION App).

         5) After successfully record the home poin! rear LED flight indicators blink fast green.

4.I When will Failsafe Activate?
 '1. The Remote Controller is powered off.

 2. The Phantom has flown out of effective communication range.

 3. The signal between the Remote Controller and the Phantom has been blocked.

 4. There is interference causing a signal problem with the Remote Controller.

A.2Failsafe Procedure

lnitiating the Failsafe mode from different flying statuses will results in different landing processes.

Ready to Fty (nonPS) - Automatic landing

 The Flight Control System will keep the aircrafit level during descent and landing. lt may be drift during the

descent and landing process.

-Ready to Fly Antomatlc go home and lend

  The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

The below demonstrates the complete Ready to Fly Failsafe landing process.

I R*ora Hme Point                        2 rv^s.                                    w5 R"**"**dt* signal losL

     I                                   A 5,l:irc                                  AAqo

3A.e                                                        il6,                    uo Fligftr lx*Flo.

t-ED Fight kkau    )ooaao                En ,r o

                                         t-tDflblfrhdi@rdaaaao

4 Sg*t lost lasts 3c" begin to go home.  |5 fty U""t to to.r* poinr                 6 L.naing rft* horering l5s.

                                                                        =fir            t#
                                         HV qe,c,t ..,. .omL r,or-t.)Om
                                         dB l2om "trI T^^ Elevateto20n                       rrd

  I                                                                                 lr
                                                                                    b.Cle I
eI.ei o                                  lq g) H-:q, I                  po.,t. 2Or           r

tED Flight hdktu                                                                             O)

                                         tED Filht t rdiffi                         l.,ED ftlht Irxf.au

                                                             Figur.5:I

- 0) To ensure the aircraft successful return to home after Failsafe activation, aim to only fly in Ready

T

                 to Fly mode.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.4l I
          (2) The Phantom will automatically descend during the Failsafe process if there are less than 6 GPS

                      satellites detected for more than 2O seconds.

          (3) The aircraft cannot avoid obstacles during Failsafe.

              Quickly flipping the 52 switch of the Remote Controller from top to bottom 5 times or more will reset
             the current aircraft position as a new home point. Rear LED flight indicators will blink green rapidly
               when successful.

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App
The DJI VISION App will provide information during Failsafe.

               Figurc &{                                               Figrurc 55

4.3            Control               Failsafe Procedures                                         c

Pocition of                               !@                                            e        PGition
SwtchSl
                                         Pqftion-l                                     Poritk*2

               When the SI switch is switched to Position-I, toggle the S'l switch to

How to regain                                                                          Regain control as soon as

               any other position once to regain control. lf the Remote Controller

control                                                                                signal is recovered.

               signal is recovered, control is returned to the pilot.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.42 I
5 Low Battery Level Warning Function

The low battery level warning alerts users when the battery is close to depletion during flight. When it appears,

users should promptly fly back and land to avoid accidental damage. The Phantom 2 Vision+ has two levels of low

battery level warning. The default battery level warning thresholds are 3Ox (low battery level warning) and l5c6

(critical low battery level warning) respectively.

Bettery l-erel Rst B.ttery           Reer lfD Fflg]rt

               hvel                                         DJI VlSlOi.l App      FEght lrui.r.Elion

Waming                               lrdi,cabr

Low battery    oooaoSthreshold of                    The battery level icon will  Fly the Phantom 2 Vision+ back
level waming
               low battery                           become rea (e.g.I) ,         and land it as soon as possible,
                                    Slow red blinks                               stop motors and replace the
                                                     and a red rectangle will
               level warning

                                                     blink on the camera screen. battery.

               <threshold of                         The battery level icon will The Phantom 2 Vision+ will begin

Critical lo\r  oooooo (e.g.trcritical low                                         , to descend and land automatically.
battery level                                        become red
waming
               battery level Fast red blinks and a red rectangle will After it has landed, stop motors

               warning                               blink on the camera screen- and replace the battery.

        When the Phantom 2 Vision+ is descending and landing automatically, you are able to push the

          throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

        When a low battery warning is triggered, you must bring the aircraft back to the home point

,f:

        to avoid losing power during flighl

Low Battery LevelWaming on the DJIVISION App
Battery level warnings will show on the camera page of the DJI VISION App when the battery level is low.

0) A red rectangle will blink on the camera screen.
(2) Audible alarm. Make sure sound is turned on and volume is turned up on your mobile device.
(3) The aircraft battery icon will turn red.

                                                     Figure 56

a2O14 DJl. All Rights Reserea. 43 I
6 Flight Limits

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO
(lnternational Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight
limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function
includes height, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
ln Ready to Fly mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. ln Ready to Fly
(non-GPS) status, only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than l2Om.

              Default parameters in Assistant Software are compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by ICAO.
            (Refer to Airspace Classification to get more details). As each country has its own rules, make sure to
              configure these parameters to comply with these rules before flying.

6.I Max Height & Radius Limits

Max Height & Radius limits flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the Phantom 2 Vision+

Assistant (Figure 57). Once complete, your Phantom will fly in a restricted cylinder (Figure 58).

         Olrtne. Lhls                   OEE          ,:-::Fd

                 tulude Ia lEiglfl lhl  oin; Linl9 FE d t-knts of sgecdrr!.
.nd Ia ndrG linl
                                                1l*"-.,**                                                       Max
                S.-C                                                                                           Radius
           ln tE b@r, dla }le&fii       :ffi? J
*d Ia Rahrs. lre aicra*l bo                                                                                    Home Point
                                                                                       t !441                    Height of
               in n. Fd.Yrer
alcpaaa shm intre l!uE.                                                                                        aircraft when
                                                                                                               powered on
'l IaH.iq,l a,ff Eb.IIRdrs
   Eb dy h Rdyb Ft ffis

2 OiltThrols -id Rud.rq @mrds
   m illlable f lE d,cr, rusfias od d
   ,|e linls. ed ldtyhkffis
   Hm point albrndaary. Rmoie
   conHler Egahs a[ cfiHs me he
   &rd 19 *tl&l lhe ged dEp*6.

3. The Faihate adlhe CEurt S{oi
   irEloG aE d *M Wffqil
   hils

                                                     Figurc 57                                      Figuro 58

            aaaaa

                                             Limits                          ,.,.,1519N APP         Rer LED flight indicator

Max Height  Flight height must be under the set                              Warning' Height limit  None.
Max Radius  height.                                                          reached.
            Flight distance must be within the
            max radius.                                                      Warning: Distance limit RaPid red flashing OOOOOO

                                                                             reached.               when close to the max radius limit.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.44 I
                                                                       .:.:.      +'#

RodvtoFMrnnf,itt:"                                                            Flight tnnits

                                                                                                                   DJIVISIot{App     Rer L"ED ff,gftt indcator

Max HeigN      Flight height restricted to l2Om and                                                                                               None.
                                                                   Warning' Height limit reached.

               under.

Max Radius                                                                                                         No limits

      0) lf you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom, but cannot fly it further.
l; Q) lf the Phantom flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

                  range automatically.

62 Flight Limits of Special Areas

Special areas include airports worldwide. All special areas are listed on the DJI official website. Please refer to

htto://www.dii.com/fly-safe/cateqorv-mc for details. These areas have been divided into category A and category B.

BIOOm                                                                                             Center of        2OOOm                     Center of
BOOOm                                                                                               Special        lOOOrn                      Special
                                                                                                      Area                                      Area
24OOm
                                                                                             Airspace: A,B,C,D                           Airspace, A,C,D
                                                                                                                                         Boundary, g, g,
                                                                                             Boundary, g, !, g g!
                                                                                                                                           c
                                                                                              bc

            I

            I

               Figurc 59: Cetegory A                                                                               Figurc 6G Catcgory B

ReedytoFlymodeoOOOO

Airrpcc                                                                       Umit                                 D.rl VlSlOtl App      Reer LED FlQht
                                                                                                                                             lndicator

            Motors will not start.                                                           Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
                                                                                             Take off prohibited

          lf the Phantom flies into a special area
A

            in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and                                                                                           oooooo

                                                                                             Warning: You are in a restricted zone.

            Ready to Fly mode activates, it will

                                                                                             Now descending.

            automatically descend and land then

            stop its motors.

B lf the Phantom flies into a special area in Warning: You Are ln A Restricted Zone,

s2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.45 I
       Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and Ready Now Descending.

       to Fly mode activates, it will descend to

       airspace C and hover 5 meters below
       edge gl

       No restrictions of flight, but the Phantom Warning: You are close to a restricted

       will not enter Category A, the aircraft can zone, Fly Cautiously. (Note, For airspace

  c    fly free, but it will not enter Airspace B           A, when aircraft enters the area beneath
                                                            the Boundary d, the warning message
Green  through Boundary fulg[                               changes to 'You are in a restricted area.

       Around Category B sites, the phantom

       can fly freely, but it will not enter into           Max flight height restricted to between

       Airspace A through Boundaryg,                        lO.5m and l2Om. Fly Cautiously.")

  D                                                         None.                                      None.
           No restrictions.

Blue

         Semi-automatic descent All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during
          the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically afrter landing. Users must toggle the Sl
         switch to regain control. This is the same as regaining control during Failsafe. Please refer to Reqaininq
          Control Durinq Failsafe Procedure (Paqe42).
         0) When flying in the airspace (A/B/C) of restricted special area, LED flight indicators will blink red

                                 quickly and continue for 5 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying

*, s'tOatuOs OanOd cOontinue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red blinking.

         (2) For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
                  city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

6.5 Conditions of Flight Limits

ln different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found.

The following table demonstrates all the cases(r/: available; x:unavailable).
AII flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously. The Failsafe and Ground Station
operations are not restricted to flight limits, but if Ground Station function is used, the flight will be restricted the
special area limits built in to Ground Station. Refer to the Ground Station manual for details.

  Phrrftmmodc

       Flight St8tr.rs               Limits of Spechl Arca         Max Height                          Max Radius
      Ready to Fly
Ready to Fly (non-GPS)                         J                        v                                  {
                                                                        v
                                                  x                                                          x

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.46 |
N.dt{opd.

Contnol Mode  numbcr of GPli fo,und  Umits of Special Area  Maxl{igm  Mex Redius
       GPS               >6
      ATTI.                                   v                   r/       v
                        <6
     Manual              >6                      x               v          x
                        <6                                       v          x
                         >6                    J                            x
                        <6                                      {           x
                                                 x                          x
                                                 x                x
                                                x                 x

6.4 Disclaimer

Please ensure that you are up to date with international and domestic airspace rules and regulations before using
this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully. You
agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this producl and for any direct or
indirect consequences caused by not following this manual, violating or disregarding other applicable local laws,
administrative rules and social habits thereof.

o2O14 DJl. All Rights Reserved.4T I
DJI VISION App Usage

The DJI VISION App controls the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera including capture, recording, settings and pitch angle.
It also displays essential flight information including flight parameters and battery level.

I DJI VISION App Main Menu

After logging in you will see the VISION App home screen. This shows current Wi-Fi connection status and the four
main features of the App.

                         reil

            @6

         H#

                                            Figurc 6l

laons                  Description
       Camera Tap to enter camera preview
6@      Album Tap to enter album

H       News Tap to enter DJI news
       Scttirqgg Tap to enter App settings
#

       0) When using the camera and the SD card album (Paqe 57), connect your mobile device to the

       Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network.

1., Q) lnternet access is required for sharing photos, videos and reading DJI news.
      (3) screen mav be in'[errup'[ed * s

       ,=:.::""."o ,: ,;::,:,,.:j:"j-,      .::":.: " *,,;;:-

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.43 I
2 Camera Page                                                               t6I

     ttl                                                                    17)

      t2)                                                                   l8l
                                                                            ltol

                                                                            till

                                                                            112)

                                                                                                    ttsl
     t3l 114l
    l4)

                                                                             Figuro 62

[l]Return [2] Camera Pitch Control [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function [4] Flight Parameters [5] Wi-Fi Signal
lntensity [6] Flight Battery Level [7] Aircraft GPS Status [8] Micro-SD Card Status [9] Range Extender Battery Level

[O] Remaining Shots FII Shutter Button [2] Video Recording Button [3] Camera Settings [4] Hide or Show Flight

Parameters

F] Return
   EI - R.trrn to the preview page

[2] Camera Pitch Control
   E - pi,"tr Control switch is white El tap once to highlight it E and enter Accelerometer Sensor Mode. Tap

            again to return to normal.

NormalMode

E ETap up "rro*                                      to pitch downwards. Green slider I indicat..
            to pitch camera upwards and down "..o*

current camera pitch.

            Gimbal pitch control (Normal Mode)       Gimbal pitch movement

                                                     Figurc &{

                                          Figure 65
o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Rese*ed.49 I
Accelerometer Sensor Mode
The gimbal pitch movement is controlled by moving your mobile device. Pitch forward to pitch camera down and
backward to pitch camera up.

                                         Gimbal pitch control (Accelerometer Sensor Mode)

                                                                                  Figuro 67

              ln Accelerometer Sensor Mode, the pitch angle indicator will show a grey area. When the green pitch
              indicator is inside the grey area, the camera will move according to pitch gestures. When the indicator

   ,!.
            reaches the boundary of the grey area, pitch gestures will control the camera's pitch speed at a

              constant rate.

 [5] Flight Attitude and Radar Function

    Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.

   0) The red arrow shows which direction the Phantom 2 Vision+ is facing.
   (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
   (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.50 I
                                                                           Figuro 6E

Tap flight attitude icon to turn on the radar function. Home in the center of the radar and the red icon indicates
the Phantom 2 Vision+'s current heading, direction, and approrimate distance from home. Tap flight attitude
icon again to disable the radar.

Home                                                                                                   Aircraft
Point                                                                                                  Position
                                                                                                       Mobile Device

                                                                                                           Position

                                                                                                       Distance

       Figure 69       Figurc 7O

       0) By default, the center of the radar indicates the home point recorded by the Phantom 2 Vision+.

                  Tap the center of the radar to switch the center to your mobile device's current location.

*- (2) lf your mobile device contains a compass, the top portion of the Radar is the direction you are

                  pointing. lf not, the radar will be oriented due north.

      (3) Distance units are metric in Figure 69 and Figure 7O. Users can switch the unit to imperial in the

       settings page.

[4] FIight Parameters

     Distance: Horizontal distance from home point.
    Altituder Vertical distance from home point.
    Speed: Horizontal flying speed.

              Distance value will show as N/A if the Phantom 2 Vision+ is not in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[5] W-fi Signal lntensity

     lndicates camera is connected to your mobile device and Wi-Fi is working normally.
    The connection between the camera and mobile device may fail if Wi-Fi signal strength is low. Refer to .
    Phantom 2 Vision+ CONNECTION BROKEN, for more information.

[6] Flight Battery Level

Show current flight battery level. When battery level is low and the battery icon turns red it is recommended to fly

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reseryea.5l I
  the aircraft back and land it as soon as possible. Please refer to Low Battery Level Warninq Function (Paqe 43) to
   get more details.

fll Aircraft GPS Status

    GPS status icon display the number of satellites found by the aircraft. The icon is highlighted when more than 6
    satellites are found, allow the Phantom to fly in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[8] Micro-SD Card Status

    Displays Micro-SD Card Status. lcon is highlighted when a valid Micro-SD card is inserted. lf there is no
    Micro-SD card present, it is grayed out.

[9] Range Extender Battery Level

  Shows current battery level of the Range Extender. Refer to Checkinq the Batterv Level (Paqe 50) for more

   details.

flO] Remaining Shots

   Displays estimated shots remaining, based on the current photo size setting and storage capacity of the Micro-SD

  card. This shows 'O' if' (l) Micro-SD card is not inserted. (2) Micro-SD card is full. (3) Micro-SD card is damaged.

  (4) Connection between the DJI VISION App and camera is broken.

il] Shutter Button

      Tap to take photos.
      Single capture: press once for a single capture.
      Continuous capture: press once for 3 or 5 captures.
      Timed capture: press once to begin a timed capture, press again to stop.

          0) Shutter button is disabled during video recording.
          (2) Capture modes can be reconfigured in camera settings; refer to the Camera Settinqs (Paqe53).

12] Video Recording Button

    Start and stop video recording. Tap once to start recording. A red dot will blink to indicate recording is in
    progress and a time code will appear in the top right corner of the preview screen. Press again to stop

     recording.

                                     Figurc 7l

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.52 I
[3] Camera Settings

      Tap to open the camera settings menu, refer to Camera Settinqs (Paqe 53).

[4] Hide or Show Flight Parameters.

      Tap to hide flight parameters. Tap again to show.

FigureT2                                                                         Figuro 75

o2OI4 DJl. All Rishts Reservea.53 I
5 Camera Settings

ttl

t21

l3l t8l
141 Ie]
lsl ltol
t6l tltl
t7l 112)

               Figure 74                                         Figrrr! 75

[] Capture Mode [2] Photo Size [5] Viaeo Resolution [4] Photo Format [5]lSO [6] White Balance f/l Exposure
Metering [8] Exposure Compensation [9] Sharpness 0O] Anti-flicker [ll] Restore Default Settings [2] Format

Micro-SD Card

tI Mode

                                     I Singte capture.
                                     E Scaptures.
                                     E Scaptures.
                                     I Contigrrable timed capture:

                                          a) lnterval between shots (3-6O s)
                                          b) Number of shots (2-254, or number of

                                                    picture is subject to the capacity of the memory card.)

Capture Button will change according to the mode selected A, 16, 6, 6

Photo Size

                                     I L".g", 4384x3288,43, 14.4MP
                                     E U.air., 4384x2922,3-2, l28MP

                                     E Small, 4384x2466,16:9, IO.8MP

[5] Video Resolution

                                     1920x IOSO 6Oi,   l6'9
                                     1920 x IOSO 5Op,  l6'9
                                     1920 x IOSO 25p,  l6:9
                                     l28O x 72O 6Op,   I6,9
                                     I28O x 72O3Op,    I6,9
                                     640 x 48O 5Op,
                                                       4,3(VGA)

               Three Field of View (FOV) options are supported when shooting in l92OxlO8O 6Oi, I92OxIO8O
               3Op and l92OxlO8O 25p: Medium (lIO") and Narrow (85").

o2ol4 DJl. All Rishts Reservea.54 I
                                    I rpEc

                                    I naw

                                    The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera shoots in JPEG and RAW file formats

                                    simultaneously when this option is selected. See the following table for

                                    detailed specifications.

                                    RAW photo size

RAW can be edited using the most recent versions of Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe

Lightroom.

Selectable ISO

                                    AUTO
                                    IOO
                                    2o,0
                                    4o,0

6l White Balance

                                    AWB (auto white balance)
                                    Sunny
                                    Cloudy
                                    lncandescent lamp

Meteri

                                    Center
                                    Average
                                    Spot

Ccntcr: The meter concentrates most on the center of the scene.
Average Averages out the light levels for the entire image. This mode is used when the scene has no

   significant light difference.

Spot Measures a small area in the center of the scene. This mode is used in a high contrast scene

   where the subject must be accurately exposed.

                                    -2.O(EV)                  2.O(EV)
                                    -r.7(EV)                  r.7(EV)
                                    -r.3(EV)                  r.3(EV)

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Rese*ea.55 I
                                     -l.o(EV)  r.oGV)
                                     -o.7(EV)  o.7(EV)
                                     -o.3(EV)  o.5(EV)
                                     o(EV)
9 ess
                                     Standard
                                     Hard
                                     Soft

fi] Restore Default Settings

    Restores all default camera settings. Flight battery restart is needed to allow restoration to take effecL

fl2] Format Micro-SD Card

     Format the Micro-SD card. All data stored in the Micro-SD card will be lost after formatting. Remember to

      backup before formatting.

o2O14 DJl. All Rights Reseruea.56 I
4 Album Page

The DJI VISION App has an SD Card album and a Mobile Device album. lmages and videos on the SD Card album
can be synchronized to the Mobile Device album.

ln the DJI VISION App, tap E ao enter into the SD Card album and tap E to "nte, into Mobile Device album.

)U LAXU AIDUM                                     Mobiie Device Aibum

                                                                           3l Phdtc.2 Vidss
                                                                    FigureT6

t SD CARD album is accessible when the mobile device is connected to Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi.

4.1 SD Card Album

Pictures stored in the camera are presented using thumbnails. Tap the corresponding thumbnail to view the picture.

                                             t4l

               tt l iildat 6 Ptutos.2 udco5

                                             t3l

                                                                {2)

                                                                     FigweTf

[] Photos and videos are listed and grouped by date.
[2] All photos and videos that have been synced to your mobile device are marked with E[

[5] Tap any thumbnail for single view mode. Tap a Photo thumbnail that hasn't been synchronized to the mobile

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserrea.5T I
device to view the photo. Swipe left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap on a video thumbnail to

play it and view the video length. A progress bar will appear at the bottom of the screen. Ta#l to enter single

synchronization mode to synchronize a single photo or video, or to synchronize and play a video at the same

time.

                 Figure 78                                                 Figure 79

[4] Tap the E button to enter multiple synchronization mode (as shown in the following diagram). Tap thumbnails

    to select photos or videos to synchronize to your mobile device (selected thumbnails are marked with a tick).

Select one or more groups to be synchronized by checking the box before the group, then tap El to sta*
synchronizing. During the synchronization process, users can ,"p E to cancel synchronization. Photos and

videos that have been synchronized to the mobile device will remain.

+ Some mobile devices cannot support the synchronization of IOSOi6O video files.

                                                lsl

Select a group   , TodtrdPholos lV,deos

                 Yatt-dar, Plrotol. I Vrd{,o

Select a single                                 Y foaat 6 PtElos,2 V'ft.6
photo or video

                                     Figurc 80                             Figure El

[5] Tap "Cancel" or'Finished" to exit multiple synchronization mode and return to the SD Card page.

Connect camera data port to a PC via a Micro-USB cable to copy photos or videos on the SD card

album from the Micro-SD card to the PC conveniently.

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.53 I
4.2Mobile Device Album                                                 121

                           ltl                                         5

                                                                       t4l

                                                                       37 Phdos.2 Mdeos

                                                                                  Figurc E2

[] Browse all synchronized photos and videos in the album. Tap to view selected photos or videos.

[2] Photos and videos are displayed using thumbnails and sorted by capture time.
[5] Pictures and videos are sorted by captured/recorded geo-tagged locations.

    !, lnternet access is required for map downloads.

                                     ;**!           '| . \ x
                                     trr.arrrri,
                                                  -'rh.t*ratt_tat ..
                                                                       Geo-tagged locations
                                                             t.-..i a

                                                  '-J"

                                                   V

                                                                         Figorr 8lI

[4] Tap any thumbnail for single view; you can slide left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap a video
    thumbnail to play a single video.

o2O14 DJl. All Rights Rese.ued.59 I
                                                                      tsl

                            Figurc &{

[5] Tap B to rh"r" your photos and videos to social networks.

   ] Access to the lnternet is required for photo and video sharing.

                                     SHARE YOUR AERIAL MASTERPIECES

                                     I

                                                         Figurc E6

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Re"erred.60 I
5 News Page

View the latest DJI news. (lnternet access is required.)

           llr.t Itlrbtrd.-.                               The World Wlde
           &,-r1                                           Landscape Aerlal
           :rc-tE.aaaFxL
                                                           Video Collectlon
        or rcx.,.t cralr ror
                                                          I
ryl ,<r,rr.'r r.;
E6                                                        DJI ,5 goog to imll an mrBl v6oo0.sartry
                                                          (-oil{tt$ evslt ttmmg al collcclo9
           Ih. tFr oa ffeil.tffi
                                                          dm.rrtrkl aor[l vdoos wtrch uo l$nrod rrr
           Of frrca- H*t C.ol,
                                                          lrr o(En arr *rlh wffiriul slol, d
           OrrffihnlFI.
                                                          l(.{r(Jqs orrrtq thG proloswnol OJI
                  .qr{-,};"_r.
-                                                         So.o&t nO WrriOr SEOOrlllmKrp

         Figurc 87                                        MrZcnaruxr Z l', lt{ vdlo(rs ar.,

                                                          .,'rFr!:tod lo rr(rlp p{<Xr0 l0 *o !l{ &}.ki

                                                          l,(ri r urrr-r.tl rxrrSrxrtrv* $k, Ii
                                                          d+,t!)'r,,lrrl(r lt* uo{luii lelluros (l lt{

                                                          -E6i(rth(rlE  ]d:h6 hFqr

                                                          lJ.&nt.r{r ra.J{psn lho Oulch V/nxlf,rli(,h
                                                                    qns.{vrtuv.,r
                                                          '{'r'.r^.d               f .^l-.,vr  rh-

                                                                        Figurc EE

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Res".r"a.61 I
6 Settings Page

     clHEn                                                                        17)

ttl  ToolberAno Hide                             I                                tBl                Low Battry Warning  e.

t2) Whon Connoction Breaks                                                        iel Tutorial                                    ,

t3l Camora Sttings Di3plsy                                                        tlol Clear News C*ha

l4) Prvbw Ouality                                                                 tIl ELnding

                                                                                  t12)               Rsname SSID Ol Rgrgp &tendr

     FLTGHT COXTNOLLER AND GI}{8AL

isl  Parameter Unit                   a                                           llsl Find My PHANTOM 2 vlSlON

t6l FPV Mode                                                                                                  OT}IER                 :

                       Wh6n FFr(Fr6l Psson Vlr|on| mod rB                         tr4l ,qccount
                      onabl,ed. $mbal roll motion wl[ synchroftre                 nsl Rate
                      wrlh lha orcrar! lgr a rmt lrma FPy alsrficnco.             tt6l About

                 Whs FPV mode 13 diEabld. tho gnsd sll                                           Frgurc 90
                   rlrbilrre acr63 ihm a:los to, smooth rafral

                         c?oalt$ly

     Gtr{cilt

                                      Figurc E9

[] Toolbar Auto Hide

    Slide the switch from left to right to enable this function Toolbar will auto hide on the camera page.

                        Figurc 9l: Toolber Auto Hide Enrblcd           Fignrre 9ll: Toolbrr Auto llid. Di..bLd

[2] When Connection Lost

                                                    Stop B.cordm                                     t17)
                                                    Sl.p ({rydxa? d ml *iff lh+ cffFJ!tr E
                                                    trokrn whrk, ItE CnrrEJ ii [! B]ddrry 5krte      [8]

                                                    Starl R.cording

                                                    St8rt Cmtinuou3 Ceptur.

                                                    stry in ldb                                  "l

                                                    WhEh slalp lb.^$Ba srll 6rltr wha ttai
                                                    (:s.G:t@ n lrol-ff s.M? ?tli atrEa a ,r dh.

                                                                       Figure 95

o20l4 DJl. All Rights Res"rr"d- 62 I
fifl Stop Recording:

      Enabled: Stop recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the mobile device and the camera breaks while the
      camera is recording.
      Disabled: Keeps recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the mobile device and the camera breaks while the
      camera is recording.
08] Select the state the camera will enter in the event of a Wi-Fi Connection break between the mobile device and
     the camera. Use this function to ensure you can continue don't miss out on a shot.

[5] Camera Settings Display

     iOS users will see an enabled item display in the camera settings toolbar and disabled items will be hidden.
     This feature is not available on Android.

Ptrolo Fomat         I                       5 items displayed
rso                                              by default
lvhile B.Lnco        I
ExporuE Motdirg      I

Erposure Cmpcnslifi
ShJpo6r

AnU-tlick6r

R.-r
Forot

                                  Figurc 94                     Figuro 95

[4] Preview Quality

                                                         et()r480 Arpr
                                                             8t0r4 n 15fPt
                                                         rrr2ao g),ps
                                                                 3ixll24o l5lps

                                                                                  Figurc 96

      High' 640 x 48O@3ofps
      Medium' 640 x 48O@l5fps
      Medium' 52O x 240@3Ofps
      Low' 32O x 24O@l5fps (Recommended when there is a lot of interference.)

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Rese.rea.63 I
[5] Parameter Unit

     Select imperial or metric units of measurement.

[6] FPV Mode

    Switched on, the gimbal will work in FPV mode. Switched off, the gimbal will work in Stabilize mode.

IZI Auto Flips

    The user interface of the DJI VISION App will flip if the mobile device's auto-flip is enabled.

[8] Battery Low Warning

    lf enabled, an alarm will sound when the battery level is too low.

   t We recommended adjusting the mobile device volume to the highest level.
[9] Tutorial

     Hints and Tips

IO] Clear News Cache

    Tap to flush news cache.

nll Binding

    ln the event that camera and Range Extender binding is lost or an item has been repaired or replaced, binding
    must be performed using the DJI VISION App. Refer to Bindinq the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Ranqe Extender
    (Paqe 3l) for details.

[2] Rename SSID of Range Extender

    Tap to rename the SSID of the Range Extender. Refer to Renaminq the Ranqe Extender SSID (Paqe 30) for

     details.

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reservea.64 I
[5] Find My PHANTOM 2 VISION

     My location                                                                       My location

   PHANTOM 2                                                                           PHANTOM 2
VISION'S location                                                                   VISION'S location

                                     Figure 97                   Figuro 98

[4] Account

      Tap to see user account information.

[5] Rate

      Tap to rate the DJI VISION App. lnternet access required.

               Android App does not include rating.

16l About

     Tap to see the current version of the DJI VISION App and contact information.

o2ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.65 I
Assistant Software

For better use of the Phantom 2 Vision+, Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software and PHANTOM RC Assistant

Software are required. Both run on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems.

I lnstalling Driver and Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software

                and on Windows
 l. Download the driver installer and Assistant Software installer (.EXE) from the Phantom 2 Vision+

           download page.
  2. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to a PC using a Micro-USB cable.
  3. Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  4. Run the Assistant Software installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
  5. Double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon on your desktop to launch Assistant Software.

   I Supports Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (52 or 64 bit).

I.2 lnstallinq and Runninq on Mac OS X

  l. Download the Assistant Software installer (.DMG) format from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
  2. Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                                            Fi$rc99
3. When launching for the first time, if using Launchpad to run the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software,

         Launchpad will not allow access because Assistant has not been reviewed by the Mac App Store.

qH  '?hrarom'cul tr onrmd te<rox h 13

    froo re uold.noi.d d.YrlQ.i.

    lrl' .t'l  ii, r'r:'tr,l

7 F;.J.;..+

                                                                        Figrro I(Xl
  4. Locate the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon in Finder, press Control then click the icon (or right-click ttre icon

          using a mouse). Choose Open from the shortcut menu, then click Open in the prompt dialog box to

            launch.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Rese.rea.65 !
5. After the first successful launch, double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon as normal to launch using

Finder or Launchpad.                               qtnulIa2vErf                    I E icirht

          on

ll@nDng                                                                     faoaq

 GPS ttbn                                          iArer Typer orrad{oad X  liloE ktc Spred: n@flffid.d
 X (bm
 Y ocm                                             ac                       clt fr Typo:     lnldlg!.t
 Z oqn
                                                   ktiwTrpo: t>&6           F/S

                                                                            FailEalc lHpds:  tff!.10

Garn

                                     Pitdr  nol Yar VliL8l                  lm
                                                                            hloaqtdoidttatixCdrd: OFF
 Basb                                              r20ta
Attitu&                              t2o!6  r20!a                120|.
                                     AD!6
                                            NX                              Gr&l
                                                                            Ginlel $ricb:
CMrlhtror                                   0 lc   """""""1""    1er                           Ol,l
                                                                  o         Bery
.o """"'1""""'                              o .o   """"'i"" ""              Ofrot \ro!.0.:   l2sthv
.O """"'r""""'                                                              O,r6t Capeily:
                                            0                               k La.l tltnng:   $96
o--r.:""-"{"':r:""'-""'                                                     SsaL.llf8*E:     g)ta
                                            0                                                15%

                                                   frrE l|eb

IG frr                                                                                                  lo

                                                   Figuro lol

Ir. .DMG installer supports Mac OS X 10.6 or above.

        Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software on Mac OS X and Windows are the same. Assistant Software
         pages shown in this manual are from the Windows version.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved.6T I
2 Using Assistant Software

The Phantom 2 Vision* Assistant Software is used to configure the flight control system and upgrade firmware. The
PHANTOM RC Assistant Software is used to configure the Remote Controller and upgrade its firmware.

2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software

                              A
                      ---.- -.hrl4

                                                                                                         I

                                                     'i_rEltn

                                                                          Figuro lO2

        Power on the PC and the Phantom 2 Vision*. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision* to the PC with a Micro-USB

         cable. DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

2. Run Phantom 2 Vision* Assistant Software and wait for the Phantom 2 Vision* to connect. Watch the

      indicators O O or, the bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the connection indicator is
      O communication indicator is blinks O.

               "nO
3. Choose [Basic] or [Advanced] configuration pages.
4. View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

View configurations        &!i.              Udg !@  tu.fr@ r  udt&sE.d    Rol1ffi     Function switch between Phantom
                            ZEr                                cd{L-       @           and NAZA-M working mode
                 RC. Gain
                                                                                        Language swap
  Gimbal , Battery ,                                                                    Account. software
                                                                                        version
        Flight Limits                                                                   Firmware upgrade

                                                                                       IMU calibration

                                             R.<M. T'D. O&i

                                                               Frifr|IfuG ffiE{stL}OC

                           A.r'.             f.. '.Md          rytu'r5cdd  *E
                           ry                r2h lict
                                  ':l\
                                  .'lt\

                           oo""'l"'''I"                                    Jl

       Communication       o-'l" '"l " "  0                                            tThis image is for reference
                indicator                 o                                            only. Please refer to the

Connection indicator                                                                   actual user interface.

                                                      Figuro lOil

0) Do not enable Naza-M mode before finishing 'Advanced Flight Maneuvers" in the 'Phantom

         Pilot Training Guide".

(2) Enable Phantom mode by tapping the same button if Naza-M mode is enabled. Once changed

        to Phantom working mode, all parameters will return to factory settings.

o2OI4 DJl. All Rights Rese.red.58 I
2.2Firmware Upgrade of the Phantom 2 Vision+

         Click [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version ard whether the installed firmware is the

           latest version. lf not, click links to upgrade.
  2. Wait until the Assistant Software shows 'finished". Click OK and power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+

           after 5 seconds. Once complete, firmware is up to date.

Firnrware upqrad.rble rterrs    Upqrade link
  Current f irrrrw'are ver:ron

                                                                                                                                                 'This irnage is for referencc
                                                                                                                                                                        only. Please refer to the
                                                                                                                                                                        actual Lrser interface.

                                                                 Figurc l(l4

         (l) An internet connection is required to upgrade the Phantom 2 Vision+ firmware.
         (2) DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.

  + (3) lf the firmware upgrade fails, the main controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade status

                       automatically. lf this happens, repeat the above procedures.

            Firmware upgradable items: (l)Main Controller (2)GPS (5)5.8G Receiver (4) Main Board (P53OCB)

              (S)Battery (6)Gimbal IMU

2.5 Using the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software

Use the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant Software to install PHANTOM RC Assistant Software on your Windows PC or
Mac, and then follow the below steps to configure the Remote Controller.

                                                              tl

                                                                                   l1

                 ,r,--+.\!*--1a,

      :Aie )@l

                               H

                                                                             Flgure lO5

 'l- Turn off the Remote Controller and find its Micro-USB port-
 2. Power on PC and Remote Controller then connect Remote Controller to the PC with a Micro-USB cable.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Rese."ea.69 I
         DO NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

3. Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant Software and wait for the Remote Controller to connect to Assistant
      Software. Watch the indicator" OO on the bottom left of the screen. When connected successfully, the
      connection indicator is O and communication indicator blinks (9 .

4. Finish configuration in the [Main] page.
5. Finish upgrade in the [nfo] page if necessary.

                                                                                  Language swap

Main page                                                                         Firmware upgrade

                          A                                                       Account. software
                                                                                  version
               a -'a
                                                                      .-_+
          ir&.,@
            (E                                                        o#

                                                                      O------{--

                         UbhCdO

                         Irc Fne:- ts: {ir,rd tfr.r.,!
                         u:.: tr.rni:!{. Fi ut7.- i. 0Jl
                         F-r..ra.-,*cy!*.,  &6                                    -This image is for
                                                                                  reference only. Please
Communication indicato.                                                           refer to the actual
                                                                                  user interface.
Connection indicator

                                                          Figure 106

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Re."rted.70 I
App"ndix

Rear LED                   lndicator Status

Rear LED FlQht lndicators                       Normal stets

OO OO (Red, Green, Yellow flashes in turn)      Power On Self-Test
                                                Warming Up
o O O (n.""n, Yellow flashes in turn)           Ready to Fly

O O O O OlsorrGreenftashes)

                        (Slow Yellow flashes)   Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
Rear LED Ftight lndicators                      Abnomal stahrs

                        (QuicX Yellow flashes)  Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                                Low Battery Level Warning
O O O O OlstorrRedflashes)

OOOOO O (eri.,. Red ftashes)                    Critical Low Battery Level Warning

OOO (Three Red flashes off and on)              Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
                                                Error*
E(sotidred)

o O O 1ned, Yellow flashes in turn)             Compass Needs Calibration

*You can investigate the error by connecting the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the Phantom 2 Vision+'s Assistant

Software.

Tlo2OI4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. I
2 Specifications
 Aircraft

Supported Battery                     DJI 52OOmAh Li-Po Battery

Weight (Battery & Propcllers iduded)  1242s
                                      Vertical: O.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
bHovering Accuracy (Ready Fty)

Max Yaw Angular Velocity              2OO" ls

Max Tiltable Angle                    55"

Max Ascent / Descent Speed            Ascent: 6m/s; Descentr 3m/s
                                      I5m/s (Not Recommended)
Max Flight Speed

Diagpnal motorurotor distance         55Omm

Gimbal                                Static, 75OmA; Dynamic : 9OOmA
                                      +o.o3"
Workirlg Currcnt                      Pitch: -90" - O'
Control Accuracy
Controlhble Rarge

Maximum AnsuhrSpeed                   Pitch :9O"/s

Camera                                oc-40c

Operating Environment Tenrperature

Sensor Size                           112.3"

Effective Pixels                      14 Megapixels
Resolution
                                      4fi4x3288

HD Recording                          IOSOpSO /lo8oi6o

Recording FOV                         rro" / 8s'

Remote Controller                     5.728 GHz - 5.85 GHz
Operating Frequency                   CE Compliance: 4OOm: FCC Compliance: SOOm
Conununisation Distarrce (open area)  -93dBm
Receiver Sensitivity fl%PER)          CE Compliance 25mW; FCC Compliance IOOmW
Transmitting Potrcr(EIRP)             8O mA@6V
Working Current/Voltage               4 AA Batteries
Battery

Range Extender                        2412VHz- 2462tnHz

Operating Frequency

Communication Distarrce (open area)   5OOm - TOOm

Transmitting Power                    2OdBm

Power Consumption                     2W

o20l4 DJl. All Rishts Reservea. T2 I
5 Troubleshooting (FAO)

5.1 How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error?

lf the Remote Controller stick(s) mid-point margin of error is too big, the motors will fail to start when you execute
the CSC and the Phantom will not take off. The below are some possible fixes for this.
(l) One of the Remote Controller's stick positions (except the throttle stick) is not centered when powering on the
Phantom 2 Vision+.
Solution, Place all Remote Controller sticks at their mid-point positions and then power cycle the Phantom 2
Vision+ to re-record the mid-point.
(2) The Remote Control sticks have been trimmed, leading to a deviation in the mid-point position.
Solution: Use Assistant to perform a Remote Control calibration.

    (l) Connect to Assistant Software, tap Basic -' RC -' Command Sticks Calibration and push all Remote Control

     sticks through their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its outermost position.
     (b) Power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+. Power cycling is required.
     (c) Re-attempt Remote Controller calibration in Assistant.
lf the above solutions do not solve your issue, please send your Remote Control to DJI Customer service for repair.

52 How to restore a video file if power is turned off during a recording session?

Solution: Keep or place the Micro-SD card back into the camera. Power cycle the camera and wait about 30

seconds for the video file to be restored.

5.5 Failure to acquire the SSID.

Solution: Double check whether both the camera and Range Extender are powered on and the power switch of the
camera is switched to "Wi-Fi ON."

5.4 What to do if Phantom 2 Vision+ is out of sight and the Wi-Fi connections is lost?

Solution: Turn off the Remote Controller to trigger the Failsafe mode and the aircraft will start to fly back, descend,
and land at the Home point. Please make sure there are no obstacles between the Phantom and the home point and
that you are familiar with the procedure for regaining control.

5.5 Wi'Fi connection fails all the time.
Solutiont Double check the current Wi-Fi connection status of the mobile device. The mobile device may be

connecting to other Wi-Fi networks after a connection breaks with the Phantom 2 Vision+.

5.6 Files fai! to synchronize.

Solution: Video files that are too large (file sizes close to 4GB) cannot be synchronized to the mobile device. Some
mobile devices do not support the synchronization of the lOSOi6O video files.

5.7 iOS Albums fail to synchronize.
Solution: Reset the settings of your mobile device as illustrated below. Enable the Settings -, Private -' Photos -' DJI

VlslON. Otherwise Albums will fail to synchronize with your mobile device.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights ReserveO. T3 I
J ereur-m"o.         OFF              fj Lc*onSrvtcer     tu

id Wllll Phantom lo0cdg >             I co.tt""t"         "Ha:rdJ#whre,r^eillhI:1ph,o'"to':TwaJs Htakifmr.?,
                                      - cd.rdrrr
l:, Erptodt          On)              I n nina"*          ,f, alvsrcrr !!f
                                      t PttdE
      Do Lot Dkfinb  '--              ll, EroiodrSharLrg  BrlHIld  GUr

@ xan"o"".                oFF              ruttor

                                            Feccbook      AI4)s thal have reqted acc6s to yar
                                                                   pM6fittapperrtffi.
                                      tb StuWdrc
$ c.n ra
pf sannd3

ll Erigtrtrcs&WCbor

E *"",

5.8 Failure to share.

Solution: Make sure your mobile device has access to the lnternet.

5.9 Some Android devices have a problem connecting to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi Extender.

Solution: Some Android devices do not allow for both a Wi-Fi connection and a mobile data connection at the same
time. When trying to connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network, most devices will check whether an lnternet

connection has a certain Wi-Fi setting enabled, e.g. Auto network switch or Test for lnternet connection. lf no
lnternet connection is found because the Phantom 2 Vision+ creates a non-routable connection it will drop the

Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network connection and scan for the next available connection. Exampler For the Samsung

Note 3, carry out the following procedures to solve this issue. Tap Settings - Wi-Fi, and then tap the 'Menu" button.

Select'Advanced" then uncheck the 'Auto network switch". You might see a warning that indicates the lnternet

connection is unstable this message can be ignored.

5.IO App tips for mobile devices.

lf using the App on multiple mobile devices tum off the App on the first mobile device then turn it on on the second
one to ensure normal functions on the second mobile device.

5.ll How to land the aircraft more smoothly?

First pull the throttle stick position down to lower than 5x, then execute the CSC command to stop the motors.
5.12 Why is the discharge time of a battery not zero when unused?
A battery aging test is performed prior to delivery which affects the discharge time of the new battery. This is why
the discharge time of a new battery is not zero. The battery is okay to use.

o2Ol4 DJl. All Rights Reserved. T4 |
