July 29, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12221
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2005

Mr. Stephen Thomas and Ms. Svetlana Thomas
GeoDrone Robotics, LLC
4301 Stretton Farm Court
Woodbridge, VA 22192

Dear Mr. Thomas and Ms. Thomas:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of GeoDrone Robotics, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct surveying,
aerial photography, videography, inspection, and training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GeoDrone Robotics, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GeoDrone Robotics, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Stephen Thomas and Svetlana Thomas 
GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
Woodbridge, VA 22192 
703.862.8191 
stephen.thomas@geodroneinc.net 
 
May 16, 2015 

 

U.S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE 
Washington, D.C.  20590 
 

RE:  Stephen Thomas and Svetlana Thomas, Owners, GeoDrone Robotics for Exemption Request 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act 

Dear Sir/Madam, 

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. 
Part 11, Stephen Thomas and Svetlana Thomas, GeoDrone Robotics, LLC, owners and operators of Small 
Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  (sUAS)  that  are  equipped  to  perform  aerial  photography,  videography  and 
terrain features, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to 
allow commercial operation of an sUAS, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the 
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.1 

 

The  proposed  exemption,  if  granted,  would  allow  GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC,  to  conduct  commercial 
operation of sUAS meeting or exceeding all of the operational and safety requirements Congress has set 
forth in Section 333.  Statutory Authority Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft 
Systems", provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS operations in 
the National Air Space (NAS).  Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned 
aircraft  systems  may  operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace  system  before  completion  of  the 
(comprehensive) plan and rulemaking required by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the guidance required 
by  section  334  of  the  Act."    In  Section  332(b)(1),  Congress  made  it  clear  that  Section  333  provides  a 
mechanism for "expedited operation authorization" if several factors are met.  The petitioner meets all 
requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS operations. 

The Petitioner Requests Relief from the Following Regulations: 

14 C.F.R. Part 21 
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) 

Page | 1 

                                                                    GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                                                                      4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
                                                                     Woodbridge, VA 22192 
                                                                 geodroneint@outlook.com 

                                                                                 703.580.8666 
14 C.F.R. 91.119 
14 C.F.R. 91.121 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b) 
14 C.F.R. 91.215 
14 C.F.R. 91.405 
14 C.F.R. 91.407 
14 C.F.R. 91.409 
14 C.F.R. 91.417 
14 C.F.R. 91.109 
 

Stephen and Svetlana Thomas, GeoDrone Robotics, LLC is petitioning for exemption to enable GeoDrone 
Robotics, LLC to operate a DJI Inspire 1 quadcopter.  This quadcopter has an advanced flight controller 
that constantly updated and recorded using a highstrength, intelligent GLONASS + GPS system.  This dual 
positioning  system  allows  for  greater  safety  and  higher  precision.    See  attached  Inspire  1  User  Manual 
v1.2 for more information.  In addition the Inspire 1 has an advanced Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) 
that  has  a  6axis  gyroscope  and  accelerometer  to  monitor  any  change  in  the  sUAS's  attitude  and 
movement.  These systems allow the Inspire 1 to operate safely and compensate and adjust immediately 
to hold its precise position at all times.  In addition the DJI Inspire 1 can accommodate two operators a 
Pilot In Command (PIC) and a payload operator.  This also enhances safety by allowing the PIC to operate 
the sUAS and concentrate only on flying the sUAS while the payload operator controls the camera.  The 
sUAS will be equipped with cameras, camera stabilizing gimbals and onscreen displays (OSD) providing 
the PIC with altitude, airspeed, battery life and direction.  The GLONASS + GPS system will be used to limit 
the altitude above the ground and limit the distance it flies from the PIC.  The Inspire 1 has GPS guided 
failsafe  functions  that  command  the  autopilot  to  fly  the  sUAS  back  to  the  original  launch  site 
autonomously.  This failsafe will be triggered if the system loses the minimum number of GLONASS + GPS 
signals or if the signal from the transmitter is lost or if the PIC decides to abort the flight. 

GeoDrone Robotics is owned operated by Stephen and Svetlana Thomas.  Stephen has been involved with 
analysis of Air and Missile defense as a contractor supporting Secretary of the Air Force Actuations, the 
Ballistic Missile Defense Organization, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  He has owned and operated remote 
controlled (RC) aircraft for over 30 years and has flown fixed wing, traditional rotary wing, and multirotor 
sUAS.  GeoDrone Robotics employs various RC pilots that also meet the minimum criteria of 100 hrs. of 
flight time on the Inspire 1 and hold at least a Sport Pilot License.  Current applicants hold either a Private 
Pilot License (PPL) or Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) license.  Some of our candidates are retired USAF and 
received their training and flight experience through the U.S. military. 

Our Commercial Activities Will Include: 

     Aerial Surveying 
     Event Photography/Videography 
     Real Estate Photography/Videography 
     Aerial Filming and Photography 

Page | 2 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
     Construction Site Inspections and Monitoring 
     Building Inspections 
     Roof Inspections 
     Transmission Line Inspections 
     Transceiver Tower Inspections 
     Water Tower Inspections 
     Bridge Inspections 
     sUAS Training and Safe Operations 
 
FCC Information 
 
The Inspire 1's C1 transmitter used for controlling the sUAS complies with part 15 of the FCC rules.  Please 
refer  to  the  User  Manual  (downloadable  at  this  link  http://www.dji.com/product/inspire1/download) 
page 62 FCC Compliance. 
 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
    (1) This device may not cause harmful interference,  
    (2) This  device  must  accept  any  interference  received,  including  interference  that  may  cause 

         undesired operation. 
The C1 transmitter used for controlling the sUAS is wireless technology which has been tested and found 
to  be  compliant  with  the  applicable  regulations  governing  a  radio  transmitter  in  the  2.400GHz  to 
2.4835GHz frequency range. 
 
Pilot In Command and Observer Qualifications and Duties 
 
The PIC will maintain at least a Sport Pilot License and a current Class III medical certificate, plus at least 
10  hrs.  Of  flight  time  on  the  DJI  Inspire  1  and  at  least  2  hrs.  Of  flight  time  with  3  takeoffs  and  landings 
within 30 days of sUAS operations.  The PIC will have at least 100 hrs. Total flight time and at least 20 hrs. 
Flying RC aircraft of that 10 hrs. On the DJI Inspire 1. 
 
The  PIC  is  responsible  for  the  safe  and  efficient  operation  of  the  aircraft.    Specific  duties  include  all 
preflight  preparation,  in  flight  operation,  and  post  flight  requirements.    Procedures  including  but  not 
limited to: 

     Utilize the FAA B4UFLY App to verify legal and safe operation in the planned flight area. 
     Perform PreFlight Check List. 
     Ensure Safe Flight Operations. 
     Perform Risk Assessment and Mitigation Plan to Persons and Property. 
     Assess Site Suitability. 
 
The Observer must have the visual acuity to observe the sUAS and be able to communicate clearly with 
the PIC utilizing hand signals, verbally, 2 way radios, or by cellular communications. 
The Observer's duties are: 

Page | 3 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
     Creating a preflight weather report utilizing a personal weather station to collect data on the 
         wind speed, ambient temperature, and barometric pressure. 

     Notifying the PIC of any impending obstacles in the flight path of the sUAS. 
     Notifying the PIC of any deviations in the planned flight path of the sUAS. 
     Notifying the PIC if unauthorized persons enter the area of the planned flight. 
 
General Operating Standards 
 
     Before an operation of a sUAS within 5NM of an airport with a control tower, the control tower 

         will be called to gain permission to operate the sUAS.  The PIC will give the position, altitude, and 
         the times the sUAS will be operated.  The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude of over 150 ft. 
         AGL.  Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 ft. ceiling. 
 
     Before an operation of a sUAS within 5NM of a nontower controlled airport, airport operators 
         will be notified and the PIC will give the right of way to avoid flying in the proximity of fullscale 
         aircraft.  At no time will the sUAS be operated within the final approach course and the takeoff 
         course of any runway.  The sUAS will not be operated at an altitude of over 200 ft. AGL. 
          
     Weather minimums will be 3 miles visibility and a 1000 ft. ceiling. 
          
     GeoDrone Robotics, LLC will only operate its sUAS in line of sight of a PIC and/or Observer and will 
         operate at sites that are a `sufficient distance' from populated areas.  Such operations will insure 
         that the sUAS will not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public. 
          
     All of our operations will be under 200 ft. AGL if we are operating within 30 miles reach of a mode 
         c vail. 
          
     Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be less than 30 minutes. 
          
     Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 20 minute 
         limit. 
          
     The sUAS will utilize `GPS fences' so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 
         ft.  AGL,  and  not  more  than  200  ft.  above  an  elevated  platform  from  which  data  collection  is 
         planned. 
          
     Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the PIC, and the Visual Observer. 
          
     The sUAS operated by the petitioner weighs less than 55 lbs., including the payload. 
          
     The sUAS will operate at speeds of no more than 50 knots, can hover, and can simultaneously 
         move vertically and horizontally. 

Page | 4 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
     
 All operations must utilize a Visual Observer.  The Visual Observer and the PIC must be able to 

    communicate by voice, 2 way radio, cellular, or hand signals at all times during flight operations. 
     
 Flight  operations  will  be  restricted  to  flights  over  water,  public  or  private  property  with  the 
    permission of the property owner(s). 
     
 All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation. 
     
 sUAS will not be operated over densely populated areas. 
     
 sUAS will not be operating over any openair assembly of people. 
     
 sUAS will not be operating over heavily trafficked roads. 
     
 All new to service sUAS both custom and premanufactured will have a minimum of 25 logged 
    flight hours and deemed safe by the PIC prior to commercial operations. 
     
 Flight  operations  will  also  adhere  to  the  specifications  stated  in  the  DJI  Safety  Guidelines. 
    (downloadable at this link http://www.dji.com/product/inspire1/download) 
     
 The sUAS will be maintained in accordance with the maintenance specified in the User Manual 
    and  the  Maintenance  Manual  (downloadable  at  this  link  http://www.dji.com/product/inspire
    1/download). 
     

How This Request Is To the Betterment of Our Community 
 
The sUAS operated by GeoDrone Robotics, LLC are powered by batteries, are small, quieter, lighter, and 
more  maneuverable  than  larger  aircraft  running  on  combustible  fuel,  thus  leaving  a  very  small 
environmental  impact.    Our  sUAS  operate  at  lower  altitudes  and  have  no  people  on  board,  thereby 
reducing  the  risk levels associated with traditional aircraft and larger UAS.   These factors increase the 
safety of operation and reduce the risk of death or serious bodily injury by our aircraft.  Also, with a limited 
payload  and  short  flight  duration,  there  is  little  risk  to  national  security.    Low  altitude  data  collection 
methods  are  more  efficient  than  ground  based  observations  or  manned  aircraft  imagery  for  displaying 
detailed characteristics of ground based objects.  Because of the above mentioned characteristics of our 
sUAS, GeoDrone Robotics, LLC intends to sell their data at a significantly reduced cost allowing for more 
clients to be able to afford this type of data.  The benefits of unmanned sUAS data collection methods and 
continued development and improvement of small sensors and increased flight times will benefit future 
clients greatly. 
GeoDrone Robotics will make our sUAS available to first responders in our community who might require 
assistance, including fire fighters, police, sheriff, etc., will remaining subject to all limitations cited in this 
application. 

Page | 5 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
 
Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety 
 
Stephen  and  Svetlana  Thomas,  Owners  of  GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  requests  an  exemption  from  the 
following regulations as well as any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of 
the sUAS. 
 
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates: 
This  part  establishes  the  procedures  for  the  issuance  of  an  airworthiness  certificate.    While  the  FAA 
continues  to  work  to  develop  airworthiness  standards  for  Unmanned  Aerial  Systems,  we  request  an 
experimental certificate be issued for our sUAS's under either or both of the following provisions:  21.191 
Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes: 

    (a) Research and Development.  Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment, new 
         air craft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft. 

    (b) Showing  Compliance  with  Regulations.    Conducting  flight  test  and  other  operations  to  show 
         compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance 
         of  type  and  supplemental  type  certificates,  flights  to  substantiate  major  design  changes,  and 
         flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.  Since 
         the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys, sales 
         demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental certificate 
         would permit our commercial purpose as well.  The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will 
         not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational requirements.  The sUAS's light weight, 
         being  constructed  primarily  of  carbon  fiber  and  plastic  contribute  to  the  low  risk  of  injury  or 
         property  damage.    We  propose  that  the  sUAS  will  be  at  least  as  safe,  if  not  safer,  than  a 
         conventionally certified aircraft performing the same commercial operations.  If an experimental 
         air worthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then we request an exemption of 
         14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airworthiness certificate in general, citing 
         the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph. 

 
14 C.F.R. 45.23 Display of Marks; General and 45.49 Size of Marks: 
These  regulations  provide  that  each  aircraft  must  display  "N"  and  the  aircraft's  registration  number  in 
letters at least 3" high.  Additionally, the aircraft must display the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 
2" high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station.  The sUAS does not have an entrance in 
which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it 
by the FAA.  We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" 
in the placard on the top of the aircraft, where the PIC, Visual Observer, and others in the vicinity of the 
aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able  to see the designation.    Additionally,  a permanent 
placard that will provide the aircraft's registration information will be placed at the location of the ground 
station.  Finally, we will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words 
"Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3" high or greater.  Since the aircraft will operate within 
¾NM of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses 
to investigate its point of origin.  Additional temporary signs will be erected in the flight area that will state 
"Caution, Unmanned Aerial Vehicle in Use, Please Stay Back 500 ft. From The Operating Area." 

Page | 6 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an Aircraft Without an Airworthiness Certificate: 
As  no  such  certificate  will  be  applicable  in  the  form  contemplated  by  the  FARs,  this  Regulation  is 
inapplicable. 
 
91.119 Minimum Safe Altitudes: 
The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 
ft. to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.  Since the typical mission of the sUAS would be photography 
or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures, it would be necessary to operate closer than 500 ft. 
to the items listed.  Operations will only be flown over property or persons where a careful preplanned 
flight path has been plotted.  In the event of a malfunction or emergency landing, a DJI DropSafe Ballistic 
Parachute System may be used or mission abort with return to home function will occur.  In either event, 
the hazard to persons or property on the surface will be very limited.  Therefore we maintain that due to 
the  small  size  of  the  sUAS  and  the  embedded  safety  equipment  and  procedures  used,  the  hazard  to 
persons, vehicles and structures are minimal compared to manned aircraft, which should be considered 
in granting the exemption. 
 
CFR 91.121 Altimeter Settings: 
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter setting 
available within 100 NM of the aircraft.  The sUAS will always fly below 400 ft. AGL and will not need to 
maintain  cruising  altitudes  in  order  to  prevent  conflict  with  other  aircraft.    An  Above  Ground  Level 
altimeter  measurement  above  the  takeoff  point  is  transmitted  via  radio  from  the  sUAS's  onboard 
computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly updated AGL readout.  The DJI's 
flight controller can be configured to geofence the sUAS to remain under 400 ft. maximum altitude. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.151 Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions: 
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under dayVFR conditions unless 
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.  
The  purpose  of  this  is  to  provide  an  emergency  reserve  of  fuel  as  a  safety  buffer  for  delays  to  landing.  
Since the aircraft will never fly more than ¾ NM from the point of intending landing, a full battery charge 
at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement stated above. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b) Civil Aircraft: Certifications Required: 
The  regulation  provides  that  an  airworthiness  certificate,  with  the  registration  number  assigned  to  the 
aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph (b) provides 
that  the airworthiness certificate be  "displayed at  the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it  is legible  to 
passengers  or  crew."  At  a  maximum  gross  weight  of  55  pounds,  the  sUAS  is  too  small  to  carry 
documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To obtain 
an  equivalent  level  of  safety  and  meet  the  intent  of  91.203,  we  propose  that  documents  deemed 
appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be with the crew at the ground control station and available 
for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on 
airworthiness  and  registration  certificates  be  permanently  affixed  to  the  aircraft  via  placard  containing 
the following information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to satisfy the requirement of 14 C.F.R. 45.23. 

Page | 7 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
 
14 C.F.R. Subpart E (91.401 ­ 91.417) ­ Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations: 
The  regulation  provides  that  the  operator  is  primarily  responsible  for  maintaining  the  aircraft  in  an 
airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409 require that 
the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and 
inspection.  It is our intention that our maintenance personnel along with the PIC perform maintenance 
and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service." The PIC 
will  ensure  that  the  aircraft  is  in  an  airworthy  condition  prior  to  every  flight  and  in  addition  conduct 
detailed  inspections  after  every  five  hours  of  flight.  All  maintenance  will  be  performed  by  GeoDrone 
Robotics, LLC maintenance personnel with coordination from the PIC in accordance with the DJI manual. 
If required maintenance is beyond the ability of the GeoDrone Robotics, LLC maintenance personnel or 
the PIC, the maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The 
GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  maintenance  personnel  in  coordination  with  the  PIC  will  document  work 
performed  in  accordance  with  91.417.  We  feel  that  due  to  the  size,  construction,  and  simplicity  of  the 
aircraft, our maintenance personnel and the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety. 
14 C.F.R. 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated Instrument Flight and Certain Flight Tests: 
The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight Instruction 
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls."  Training will be conducted by GeoDrone Robotics, 
LLC.  We have the ability to provide dual controls utilizing two C1 transmitters with a wired link between 
the  transmitters.  One  transmitter  is  designated  the  master  transmitter  and  the  other  transmitter  is 
designated as a slave.  Please refer to the attached DJI Inspire 1 User Manual.  The PIC instructor, utilizing 
the master transmitter, will be at all times be able assume control of the sUAS. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.215 ATC Transponder and Altitude Reporting Equipment and Use: 
This regulation states all aircraft operating within 30NM of class A, B and C airspace must be equipped 
with  automatic  pressure  altitude  reporting  equipment  having  a  Mode  C  capability  that  automatically 
replies to Mode C interrogations. Due to the small size and lifting capabilities of our UASs we cannot carry 
a traditional transponder. All of our operations will be under 250 ft. if we are operating within the 30NM 
reach of a mode c vail. 
 
  

Page | 8 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
Conclusion 
 
By  granting  Stephen  Thomas  and  Svetlana  Thomas,  Owners,  GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  the  requested 
exemptions, the FAA will help ensure the development of safe and successful commercial UAS operations 
and will advance the public knowledge and perception for such operations of sUAS.  GeoDrone Robotics, 
LLC personnel have a long history with Remote Controlled Aircraft and have worked closely with the U.S. 
Military in areas of Counter UAS operations as well as Joint Air and Missile Defense.  We are committed 
to  promoting  the  sUAS  research  efforts  of  policymakers  by  sharing  data  from  our  commercial  sUAS 
operations and serving as a resource for future sUAS research opportunities. 
 
GeoDrone Robotics, LLC's sUAS will used , under authorization by the US DOTFAA, are small, lightweight 
(under 55 lbs.) devices that will be operated only in daylight within the line of sight of the PIC and Visual 
Observer,  they  will  operate  under  400  ft.  AGL  and  outside  5  miles  from  any  airport  or  location  with 
aviation activities, unless the air traffic control (ATC) authorities have been properly notified and that the 
ATC authorities have authorized each flight within the specified radius of their facilities. 
 
GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  seeks  an  exemption  pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  and  Section  333  of  the  FAA 
Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA),  which  will  permit  the  safe  operation  of  our  sUAS 
commercially, without an Airworthiness Certificate.  By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will 
be  fulfilling  the  Congressional  mandate  of  the  FMRA  of  2012,  while  also  advancing  the  interests  of  the 
public,  by  allowing  GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  to  safely,  efficiently,  and  economically  operate  our  sUAS 
commercially  within  the  NAS.    In  accordance  with  the  FAA  Regulations  and  the  FMRA  of  2012,  Section 
333,  GeoDrone  Robotics,  LLC  respectfully  requests  that  the  Administrator  grant  this  petition  for  an 
exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Stephen Thomas, Svetlana Thomas 
GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 

Page | 9 

              GeoDrone Robotics, LLC 
                4301 Stretton Farm Ct. 
               Woodbridge, VA 22192 
           geodroneint@outlook.com 

                           703.580.8666 
