May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11677
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0701

Mr. Stephen Keen
geoResource Technologies, Inc.
41 Cameron Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02140

Dear Mr. Keen:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 19, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of geoResource Technologies, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial mapping, survey, and inspection of buildings.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, geoResource Technologies, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, geoResource Technologies, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S1000 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
1  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   Stephen Keen
   geoResource Technologies, Inc.
   41 Cameron Avenue
   Cambridge, MA 02140

   U.S. Department of Transportation
   Docket Management System
   1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
   Washington DC 20590

   Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
   Regulations from:

   14 CFR 21 subpart H; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR
   91.103; 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.119(c); 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) and (b); 14 CFR
   91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1) and (2); 14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

   Dear Sir or Madam:

   Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 CFR Part
   11, Stephen Keen, DBA `geoResource Technologies, Inc.' operator of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), hereby
   applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of
   designated UAS, provided such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
   be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. Thank you in advance for your consideration.

   Commercial operation of an UAS, as described herein, which are equipped with camera(s) and sensors, would
   provide professional services in the following areas:

   1. Aerial Mapping and Survey. This service involves flying a project area in a series of parallel flight-paths,
        utilizing a downward-facing camera taking photographs at a pre-designated interval to create a mosaic of
        photographs that cover the project area. The platform includes both a navigational GPS and a locational
        GPS to geo-reference the photographs. These photographs are processed to create an orthophotography
        and also a 3-D surface of the ground.

   2. Inspection of buildings. This service involves using a camera to create video of a building structure which
        is both relayed to a video-operator on the ground and stored for later playback. The video operator is a
        separate individual from the Pilot in Command (PIC) and the Visual Observer (VO) if required.
2  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   As described fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of designated UAS as set forth in this
   document under controlled conditions in the NAS that would be operated with safety as the primary concern.
   Approval of this exemption would provide services by a safety-focused operation that would reduce the risk
   associated with manned solutions, in both flight and other methods of inspection.

   The name and address of the applicant is:

   Stephen Keen
   geoResource Technologies, Inc.
   41 Cameron Avenue
   Cambridge, MA 02140
   Stephen.Keen@geoResourceTechnologies.com
   (617) 583-3735

   Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

   14 CFR Part 21 subpart H
   14 CFR 45.23 (b)
   14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
   14 CFR 91.7 (a)
   14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
   14 CFR 91.103
   14 CFR 91.109
   14 CFR 91.119 (c)
   14 CFR 91.121
   14 CFR 91.151 (a)
   14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
   14 CFR 91.405 (a)
   14 CFR 91.407 (a) (1)
   14 CFR 91.409 (a) (2)
   14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b)

   Stephen Keen dba `geoResouce Technologies, Inc' will operate a DJI S1000 sUAS in connection with this
   exemption application:
3  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   DJI S1000, with a total weight of less than 20 lbs. This system is manufactured by DJI and professionally
   assembled by Troy Built Models. This platform has been extensively tested and has a proven safe flight history. The
   system comprises a frame with 8 motors, a DJI A2 flight controller, a DJI iOSD (onscreen telemetry display), a DJI
   Datalink and associated DJI Ground Control software, a Zenmuse 3-axis gimbal (with controller), and a Sony NEX-
   7 camera. The sUAS is flown by the PIC using a 2.4 GHz Futaba T14SG radio, with the camera operated by a
   Camera Operator (CO) with an additional Futaba T14SG radio as to keep the two operations completely separate.
   Flights are carried out at less than 10 knots and at approximately 150 feet above the ground surface. The platform
   has a sophisticated flight control system that enables the operator to locate the sUAV on a ground control system in
   addition to being continually being in visual line-of-sight and has safety systems to warn and manage low battery-
   voltage situations. The S1000 will be flown under a comprehensive set of operational standard procedures focused
   on the safe operation of the platform to minimize risk. The S1000 has a LED lighting system to communicate key
   elements of operational status at all times, in addition to the on-screen display showing flight parameters relevant to
   the safe operation of the sUAS.

   PUBLIC GOOD

   Given the small size of the UAS in scope and the controlled environment provided, the proposed operations will
   adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. The approval of this application presents no national security
   issues. Regarding the level of safety surrounding the proposed operations and the public benefit, reduction in
   environmental impacts, including but not limited to reduced emissions and noise, the grant of the requested
   exemption is in the public interest. Once of the primary benefits of sUAS operation is the removal of the
   requirement to having a human put in a potentially hazardous situation ­ this could be individuals on manned-
   aircraft (although the risk is minimal) or individuals on apparatus to gain an elevated view of a structure.
   Accordingly, the applicant graciously requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption.

   AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

             The operation limitations proposed for an equivalent or higher level of safety because operations will
   further enhance the safety of the persons and/or property using conventional aircraft. These limitations and
   conditions to which the applicant agrees to adhere to when conducting commercial operations under the FAA issued
   exemption as set forth in the Flight Operations Manual (FOM) include:

   1. All operation will be carried out with strict adherence to the standard operating procedures outlined on the
        operating manual (and generally achieved with the use of checklists) and associated documents pertaining
        to:
        a) Review of the system to ensure all hardware and software is operating within defined parameters
        b) List of all required components to safely operate the system
4  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

        c) Set-up parameters
        d) Pre-flight checklist
        e) Takeoff checklist
        f) Landing checklist
        g) Emergency procedures
        h) System maintenance and service schedules
   2. The UAS will weigh less than 20 lbs.
   3. The UAS, will operate at 20 knots or less and generally be flying at 10 knots.
   4. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the Pilot in Command (PIC) and/or Visual Observer (VO).
   5. Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be approximately 18 minutes, depending on
        conditions, and will operate under a strict battery management regime that alerts the operator to end flight
        at a determined battery voltage (first alert) and will autonomously `return home' if a second determined
        battery voltage is reached (or radio control is lost).
   6. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) and missions
        will generally be at approximately 150 feet above ground level.
   7. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot in Command (PIC) and at least one Visual
        Observer (VO), and may include a third, but separate, Camera Operator (CO).
   8. The UAS pilot will be a designated Pilot in Command (PIC) and will hold a Private Pilot Certificate with a
        Third Class Medical Certificate and at least 20 hours of logged UAS flight time. The PIC and the VO, as
        well as the CO if assigned, will have completed a one day safety training pertaining to the flight and safe
        operation of the DJI S1000.
   9. A safety briefing will be performed prior to each day's flights consisting of all the days' production
        activities.
   10. The applicant will also obtain a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA Air Traffic
        Organization prior to conducting operation(s) in the NAS.
   11. All flight activities will be logged.
   12. All flights will occur under Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) only.
   13. The flights will occur in Class G airspace no closer than a 5-mile radius of the geographic center/Airport
        Reference Point (ARP) of a tower controlled or uncontrolled airport.
   14. If operations will be within a 5-mile radius of the geographic center/Airport Reference Point (ARP) of a
        tower controlled or uncontrolled airport the respective airports will be contacted advising them of the
        estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information.
   15. The operator will obtain verbal/written consent of all persons involved with the planned operation and
        ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation, and the radius
        may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety determination, as U.S. Department of
        Transportation required under the FOM. With the advanced permission of the FSDO, operations at closer
        range may be approved.
5  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   16. The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAS and receive up-to-date information for the
        particular UAS to be operated.

   17. The PIC and VO will be able to communicate by voice and/or radio at all times.
   18. Written and/or verbal permission and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city

        jurisdictions, including law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies as appropriate to
        flight operations.
   19. If the UAS loses communications with the remote controller or loses GPS signal, the UAS will have the
        capability to return to a pre-determined location within a designated location and land autonomously.
   20. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles (aircraft in vicinity,
        persons entering perimeter, etc.), weather, or emergencies such as low battery.

   In pursuit of this petition the following exemptions are requested:

   14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

   Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
   airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1).

   Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption
   from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the
   Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the
   FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
   speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an
   analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate in the restricted
   environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
   wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

   The UAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no
   explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured and designated area. Unlike
   other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator
   and under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements. These safety enhancements
   provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with
   airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

   Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by
   the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid
   fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.
6  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

   The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
   displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
   the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not
   less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
   "provisional," as applicable.

   Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAS will have no
   entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the
   UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance
   with §45.29 (f).

   The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f)
   where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAS will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental."

   14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

   Pursuant to 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b), no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
   of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire.

   The proposed UAS operations may achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations because
   the applicant's UAS do not carry any pilots or passengers nor property. The risks attendant to the operation of UAS
   is far less than the risk levels inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 CFR 61. The PIC of the UAS will
   be, or be under the direct supervision of, a FAA Certificated Private Pilot with current Third Class or higher medical
   certificate. It is believed that the operation and limitations set forth in the FOM will equate to the safe operation of
   the UAS.

   14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

   The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.

   As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA
   regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft for maintenance and use
   of safety checklists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.
7  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

   Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2) For which an Airplane or
   Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
   approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any
   combination thereof.

   The UAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not
   only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the
   aircraft. The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground control point
   where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it.

   14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action.

   This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety of flight.

   As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. The
   PIC will take all actions as stated in the FOM in Section 4 under Normal Procedures including but not limited to
   reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
   initiation of flight.

   14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight Instruction.

   Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
   for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

   UAS and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
   accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The
   FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and
   for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact that neither a
   pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

   14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

   Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be
   operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route
   or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.
8  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   As this exemption is for a UAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to
   400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform from which filming is planned, an exemption may be
   needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL with the
   exception that in circumstances where the UAS is used to survey or photograph a structure whose height exceeds
   400 feet AGL, the UAS will not be operated more than 200 feet above the highest point on the structure. It will
   however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to
   operations without their pre-obtained consent.

   The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS as well as the location
   where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local officials. Because
   of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be
   aware of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more
   than the maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations
   is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the
   low-altitude operations of the UAS will ensure separation between these UAS operations and the operations of
   conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

   14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings.

   This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter
   that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

   As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an U.S. exemption may be
   needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the safety check list and live
   flight data monitoring, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

   14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

   Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
   (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing,
   and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to
   fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

   The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior exemptions.
   Operating the UAS in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or official representatives
   who have signed waivers will be allowed does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to
9  U.S. Department of Transportation
   19th March, 2015

   alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be
   achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery power -- whichever happens first. This restriction
   would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating
   area.

   14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

   The regulation provides in pertinent part:

   (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:
   (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
   (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
   section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
   legible to passengers or crew.

   The UAS fully loaded weighs well under the proposed 55-lb limit and is operated without an onboard pilot. As such,
   there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on the UAS. An
   equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point where the pilot
   flying the UAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the UAS.

   14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

   These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in
   subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
   have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the
   aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

   Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not
   apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and
   operating handbook. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the UAS is very limited in size and will
   carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for a limited period of time.

   If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL.
   The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance,
   and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft
   and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.
10  U.S. Department of Transportation
    19th March, 2015

    An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance
    with the UAS Manufacturer's User Manual and Operators Pilot OPeratingHandbook. As provided in the FOM, the
    operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight and perform required maintenance
    needed.

    Additional Information:

    The applicant believes this exemption request and associated safety considerations adequately satisfy criteria
    provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012, providing sufficient justification for the granting of commercial
    operations of the applicant's UAS. The application has 20+ years' experience in geospatial technologies and the
    implementation of similar projects without sUAS technology and is familiar with following procedures outlined in
    operations manuals and health and safety plans. The applicant has spent the last 12 months familiarizing himself
    with the potential of safely implementing sUAS technology in a commercial environment to provide services that
    provide benefit to society by increasing efficiency while reducing risk.

    Sincerely,

    Stephen Keen, dba `geoResource Technologies, Inc.'
