July 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12243
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2032

Ms. Michelle Urlacher
GeoStabilization International, LLC
543 31 Road
Grand Junction, CO 81504

Dear Ms. Urlacher:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 18,2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of GeoStabilization International, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial acquisitions and research.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                                2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GeoStabilization International, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GeoStabilization International, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                             FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                             WASHINGTON, DC

                               Regulatory Docket No. ~-----

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                        GEOSTABILIZATION INTERNATIONAL, LLC

    FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                  TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

     SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
       91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
                                          OPERATION OF THE
                     DJI PHANTOM 3 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                                  PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 <PUBLIC LAWJ12-95l

                                                              Submitted on May 18,2015

                                                              GeoStabilization
                                                              International, LLC
                                                              543 31 Rd
                                                              Grand Junction, CO 81504
                                                              Tel: (970) 210-6170
                                                              Fax: (970) 245-7737
                                             TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                        Page

  GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ............................................................................................3
  SUMMARY ............................................................................................................................4
 INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER ................................................................4
  BACKGROUND ......................................................................................................................4
  BASIS FOR PETITION .............................................................................................................6
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER ...................................................................................7
THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH GEOSTABILIZATION
INTERNATIONAL,LLC SEEKS EXEMPTION ...............................................................................8
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF GEOSTABILIZATION INTERNATIONAL SEEKS AND THE REASON
GEOSTABILIZATION INTERNATIONAL SEEKS THE RELIEF 11
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING GEOSTABILIZATION INTERNATIONAL'S REQUEST WOULD
BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST
.............................................................................................................................................1
3
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY
............................................................................................................................................. 1
7
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER .......................................33
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT
GEOSTABILIZATION INTERNATIONAL LLC REQUEST
.............................................................................................................................................4
33
  CONCLUSION .....................................................................................................................34

                                                            2
AGL                    GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI           Above Ground Level
ATC          Area of Interest
ATO          Air Traffic Control
AV           Air Traffic Organization
C.F.R.       Aerial Vehicle
COA          Code of Federal Regulation
FAA          Certificate of Authorization
FAR          Federal Aviation Administration
GCS          Federal Aviation Regulation
NAS          Ground Control Station
NOTAM        National Airspace System
PIC          Notice to Airmen
Section 333  Pilot In Command
SOP          FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UA           Standard Operating Procedures
UAS          Unmanned Aircraft
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft System
VLOS         Visual Flight Rules
VMC          Visual Line of Sight
             Visual Meteorological Conditions
vo           Visual Observer

                                            3
                                                               SUMMARY
           GeoStabilization International, LLC. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§

61.113(a) & (bL 91.7(aL 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(aL 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (bL to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit GeoStabilization
International, LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions and research within the National Airspace System (NAS).

                     INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
          GeoStabilization International, LLC (hereinafter referred to as "GSI") is focused on providing
solutions for utilizing unmanned aircraft to safely and efficiently collect data that is precise,
accurate, and timely. GSI's mission is to use unmanned aircraft to simplify and increase the
effectiveness of data collection for the purpose of more efficient and effective imaging and
classification of geohazards in order to better understand and design better mitigation strategies
for geotechnical hazards throughout the United States that threaten infrastructure (roads,
pipelines, homes, etc)
          As set forth in this Petition, GSI seeks to commercially operate its DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS
within the NAS for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research for geotechnical
hazards.

                                                           BACKGROUND
                            Unmanned Aircraft System: DJI PHANTOM 3
          GSI seeks an exemption to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, for compensation or hire
within the National Airspace System ("NAS"). The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is comprised of an

                                                             4
 unmanned aircraft (UA) and a remote controller. The DJI PHANTOM 3 UA has a maximum net
weight of approximately 1,280g, while having a diagonal size (including propellers) 590 mm. The
DJI PHANTOM 3 UA is equipped with four propellers driven by a 6000 mAh LiPo 25 battery.

           The DJI PHANTOM 3 UA that will be operated by GeoStabilization International, LLC will
be registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R.
Part 47, Aircraft Registration.

                                                Figure 1: The DJI PHANTOM 3 UA.
                                                     BASIS FOR PETITION

          Petitioner, GeoStabilization International, LLC pursuant to the provisions of the Federal
Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,

                                                               5
Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
Administrator to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS within the National Airspace System (NAS),
and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

           In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
the unmanned aircraft and its operation, GSI's operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS meets the
conditions of Section 333 and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

          Therefore, GSI requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

          GSI submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will
be ensured GSI will use its technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore, GSI will document and
maintain all maintenance records for the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS.

          Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by GSI to the extent necessary to a ·
qualified GSI employee or consultant who has completed the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS training, to
conduct the proposed UAS operations. GSI's UAS program will be overseen and supervised by
employee licensed private pilots, who will provide initial internal GSI-UAS Operations Certification
training as well as ongoing oversight and continuing education and training regarding flight and
operations protocol consistent with their training. GSI submits that the conditions and limitations
set forth herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as well as the safety of persons or property on

                                                              6
the ground.

         GSI seeks relief from Section 91. 7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI

PHANTOM 3 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part

21, Subpart H. As such, GSI submits that it will ensure that the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is in an

airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the

DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS Operator Manual and that the UAS is in condition for safe flight.

         GSI also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter
         Settings, because the altitude reporting equipment of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is set to a

          pressure level of zero feet above ground level (AGL), rather than local barometric pressure
          or field altitude, before each flight. A level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121 will be
          ensured as the altitude of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UA will be reported to air traffic control
          (ATC) in feet AGL, and GSI will operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UA within visual line of sight, at
          or below 400 feet AGL.

         GSI also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(a)(1), Fuel

requirements for flight in VFR conditions. GSI submits that safety will not be affected by

terminating flights of the battery powered DJI PHANTOM 3 UA after 13 minutes of continuous

operation, with 10 minutes remaining battery power.

          In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, GSI provides the following information in support of

its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

          The name and address of the Petitioner is:

                    GeoStabilization International, LLC
                    543 31 Rd
                    Grand Junction, CO 81504

          The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:
                    Michelle Urlacher
                    GeoStabilization International, LLC
                    543 31 Rd
                    Grand Junction, CO 81504

              Tel: (970) 210-6170 I Fax: (970) 245-7737

                                                             7
                     Email: Michelle@gsi.us

                    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R FROM WHICH GEOSTABILIZATION
                    INTERNATIONAL, LLC SEEKS EXEMPTION

         1. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b).

        Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
          (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
          hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
          connection with any business or employment if-

                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          2. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

        Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

          (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition .

          3. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

        Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in relevant

          part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when
         operating--

                   (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route
                              and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i)
                              of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                              available station; or

                                                             8
                            (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation
                               of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available
                               before departure;

          4. GSJ Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(a)(1).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a)(1),

states the following:

          (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
          wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
          intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 15 minutes[.]

          5. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.40S(a). Section

         91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following: Each

          owner or operator of an aircraft-

          (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart Eof this part and shall
          between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) ofthis section, have
          discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

          6. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

          (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
          preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                   (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
                    43.7ofthis chapter[.]

          7. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1} And
                    91.409(a)(2}.

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
              Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
                                                              9
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had;
                    (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 ofthis chapter and has
                     been approved for return to service by a person authorized by§ 43.7 of this
                     chapter; or

                    (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
                     with part 21 of this chapter.

           8. GSI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) And
                     91.417(b).

           Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (bL state the

following:

          (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
           owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
          (b) ofthis section:

                    (1) Records ofthe maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                     records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
                     inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each
                     engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

                             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                               the work performed; and

                             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                            (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the

                               aircraft for return to service.

                   (2) Records containing the following information:

                             (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
                               and each rotor.

                             (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                               propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                            (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which

                              are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                            (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since
                                                             10
                                the last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                                aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                             (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                                safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                                safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                                involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                                required.

                             (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                               major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                                propellers, and appliances.

          (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                    (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(l) ofthis section shall be retained until
                     the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
                     performed.

                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
                     transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under§ 43.11 of
                     this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                     approved for return to service.

B. The Extent Of Relief GSI Seeks And The Reason GSI Seeks The Relief.

         1. Extent of Relief GSI Seeks And The Reason GSI Seeks Relief From Section

                      61.113(a) And (b).

          Relieffrom Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot

in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC who has completed the Phantom

3 UAS training requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation.

          This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state

that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any

business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

          The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                                                                     11
           As set forth more fully below, GSI submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS unless that PIC
has demonstrated, through the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS training requirements, that the PIC is able
to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as
well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

           Further, GSI submits that all flights of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, conducted by the PIC
pursuant to the grant ofthis Petition will be: (1) incidental to GSI's business; and (2) not carry
passengers or property for compensation or hire.

          2. Extent of Relief GSI Seeks And The Reason GSI Seeks Relief From Section
                    91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91. 7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the

extent required to allow GSI to determine that the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is in an airworthy
condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the DJI PHANTOM 3
UAS Operator Manual and that the UAS is in condition for safe flight. Copies of the manuals,
which contain proprietary information, are attached hereto as Exhibits A. respectively, and are to
be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

          GSI seeks the requested relief because the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, GSI will
ensure that the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon its compliance with
the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions and limitations
below.

          3. Extent Of Relief GSI Seeks And The Reason GSI Seeks Relief From Sections

                                                            12
                    91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
           Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only
apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, GSI requests relief from these Sections
because the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more
fully below, the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 for operation without
an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, GSI will use technicians to perform maintenance,
alterations, or preventive maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore,
GSI will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS.
C. The Reasons Why Granting GSI's Request Would Be In The Public Interest;
          That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
          Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing GSI to safely,
efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS,
commercially, in support of researching geotechnical hazards, which threaten public and private
infrastructure. Additionally, use ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will decrease congestion ofthe NAS,
reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of the
proposed operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy
issues.

          1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research
                    Performed.

          GSI submits this Petition to commercially operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS and perform
aerial acquisition and research within the NAS, in support of government entities, transportation
departments, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, forestry, mining, and the oil

                                                                13
and gas industries. The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial
acquisition and research operations to further identify geotechnical hazards of which are critical
to the well-being of the general public.

           The specific operations that GSI will perform with the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS demonstrate
how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries and the
public. The DJI Phantom 3 will be used to reach previously inaccessible areas to image and map
potential geotechnical risks to the public. The DJI Phantom will give our crew the safe approach of
being able to monitor potential landslides, rockfall areas and other potential geohazard
situations that are a potential risk to the public.

           2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
          The DJI PHANTOM 3 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the
amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use
of a DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise
and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
          Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI
PHANTOM 3 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations.

         3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI PHANTOM 3

                     UAS.

                                                             14
             Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and an
electric motor, the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable
environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin
engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-
30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI PHANTOM 3 UA, while reducing the carbon
footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as its battery powered electric
motor is barely audible during the take-off phase, and cannot be heard when operating more
than 100 feet above ground level.

             By using the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to
life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional
manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside
from the lack of aircrew members located on board the aircraft, the DJI PHANTOM 3
UA(weighing approximately 1,280g at its maximum gross weight with a Diagonal Size 590mm,
with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on
the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct aeria l
acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 40 feet, a
length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

            Furthermore, by using the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions of
potential geotechnical risks to the public we are able to quickly, and efficiently access emergency
situations and develop a design-build approach to remedy such geohazard risks.

                                                            15
4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS
          Will Benefit The Economy.

           In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is also an economical

alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the

DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will allow United States based companies, like GSI, to remain competitive

and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel

and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded fuels,

U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to

remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is one such

technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned

aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned

aircraft.

         By operating the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, companies such as GSI can remain competitive

and profitable, and therefore provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which

will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of

U.S. companies, through commercial use ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, provides a stable

workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues;

and allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive

both in the United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.

         Like the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for

decades, the proposed operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will not implicate any privacy

issues.

                                          16
Specifically, the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS will be operated in accordance with operating limitations

set forth herein and the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude

requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

D. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
           How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided
           By The Rule From Which GSI Seeks Exemption.

          1. Reasons Why The OJI PHANTOM 3 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The FAA

                      Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

          In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with

the unmanned aircraft and its operation, GSI's operation ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS meets

the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in

accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

          Section 333 provides authority for UAS to operate without airworthiness certification

and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users ofthe

NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section

333 states the following, in part:

          (a) In Generai.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation

       shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national

         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332
         of this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--ln making the determination
         under subsection (a}, the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

               (1) ) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,

                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated
                  areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users
                  of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
                  security; and

                                                          17
                  (2) ) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness
                 certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the
                 operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph {1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--Jf the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
         Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
         national airspace system.

           In seeking this exemption, GSI submits that the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS can operate safely in

the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the safe operational history and

current use ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS in the NAS; (b) the characteristics of the DJI PHANTOM 3

UAS; (c) the private pilot certification requirement; and (d) the specific operating limitations.

                           a. The OJI PHANTOM 3 UAS Has A Proven History Of Operation In The
                                                                                                                              NAS.

The DJI Phantom 3 utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers paired oppositely to each other for
balance, control and stability. The total spanofthe

UAS 6 590mm including propellers, allowingfor stable flight or landing even with the sudden onset
of detrimental environmental conditions. The

UASs maximum weight (including battery, propellers) of 13 Kg. The applicant's UAS is designed to

hover in place to capture photographic data and then operate at less than 50 knot maximum
speed to the next point of Interest. They are capable of vertical and horizontal operations but, in
practice, is operated only within unaided VLOS ofthe PIC. In addition to the PIC, the Applicant employs
a spotter (VOS role) and a technician (secondaryVOSandonsitepersonnelliaison)which are within
verbal communication range. In the eventoflossofvisual ofthe UASthe PJCcan change the flight
controls from Cartesian (X,Y,Z.) based controls to radial (r,a,h) based controls which allows the PICto
utilize one controller axis to recall the UAStothe PIC's position without concern to the current
headingofthe UASs. The UASs also have a Return-to-Home feature that will allow the UAS to return to
the PIC's location inthe case ofthe UAS bsingsignal to the PIC, or fthe PIC initiates the Return-to-
Home procedure. In the event of loss of sight ofthe UASs into an area containing hazards or possible
hazards, the spotter has a heads-up-display containing a live video feed which can be used to locate
the UAS while it maintains its position hover mode. The UAS has demonstrated its ability to maintain

its position byGPS, SONAR, and Optical flow camera with an accuracy of+/- lOcm vertical and +1-

1m horizontal.

All ofthe applicant's UAS's utilize LiPo (lithium polymer) battery based power sources, decreasingsafety
risks from more easily combustible, fuel based, power sources. Flighttimes generally last between

                                                            18
     eight (8) to ten {10} minutes allowingthe staff to work with small areas per phase. The maximum
     flight time without payload is approximately 25 minutes; however practical safe operation limits this
     to l5 minutes to gve ample time to
     control the UASs to a safe landing zone. The applicant further restricts flight time by to operating
     the UASs with less than twenty five percent (25%) battery capacity.

                        b. The Specifications Of The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe

                                                                           Characteristics.

                 The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or

       otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational

      capability.

   Technical Specifications Of The DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS.

   Aircraft
   Weight (Including Battery And Propellers)
   1280g
   Diagonal Size (Including Propellers)
   590mm
   Max Ascent Speed
   5 m/s
   Max Descent Speed

   3 m/s

   Hover Accuracy

Vertical: +/- 10cm
Horizontal: +/- 1m

   Max Speed
   16 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
   Max Altitude Above Sea Level
   6000m
   Operating Temperature

  ooc to 40°C

   GPS Mode
   GPS/GLONASS

   Camera
  Sensor
  Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels: 12.4 M (total pixels: 12.76 M)
   Lens
   FOV 94° 20 mm (35 mm format equivalent) f/2.8, focus at oo

                                                                19
   ISO Range
   100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
   Shutter Speed
   8s-1/8000s
   Image Max Size
   4000 X 3000
   Still Photography Modes

Single Shot

Burst Shooting: 3/5/7 shots

Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5

Bracketed Frames at 0.7EV Bias

Time-lapse
   Video Recording Modes

   Phantom 3 Professional
UHD: 4096x2160p 24/25, 3840x2160p 24/25/30
FHD: 1920x1080p 24/25/30/48/50/60
HD: 1280x720p 24/25/30/48/50/60

   Phantom 3 Advanced

FHD: 1920x1080p 24/25/30/48/50/60

HD: 1280x720p 24/25/30/48/50/60
   Supported SD Card Types
   Micro SD
   Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required
   Max Bitrate Of Video Storage

Phantom 3 Professional
60 Mbps

   Phantom 3 Advanced
   40 Mbps
   Supported File Formats

FAT32/exFAT

Photo: JPEG, DNG

Video: MP4, MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
   Operating Temperature

  ooc to 40°C

Gimbal
Controllable Range
Pitch -90° to +30°
Stabilization
3-axis (pitch, roll, yaw)

                                            20
Vision Positioning
Max Velocity
Less than 8 m/s (when 2 m above ground)
Altitude Range
30 cm-300cm
Operating Range
30 cm-300 em
Operating Environment
Surface with clear pattern and adequate lighting (Lux> 15)

   Remote Controller
   Operating Frequency
   2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz
   Max Distance
   2000m (outdoors and unobstructed)
   Video Output Port
   USB
   Operating Temperature
   0°C- 40°C
   Battery
   6000 mAh LiPo 2S
   Mobile Device Holder
   For tablet or phone
   Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER)
   -101 dBm ±2 dBm
   Transmitter Power (EIRP)

FCC: 20 dBm

CE: 16 dBm
   Working Voltage
   1.2 A @7.4 V

Battery Charger

Voltage

17.4 v

Rated Power

   Phantom 3 Professional
100W

   Phantom 3 Advanced
57W

Intelligent Flight Battery
Capacity
4480 mAh

                                      21
   Voltage

  15.2 v

   Battery Type
   LiPo 4S
   Energy
   68Wh
   Net Weight
   365 g
   Max Flight Time
   Approximately 23 minutes
   Operating Temperature
   -10oC to 40oC
   Max Charging Power
   100W

  App I Live View

   MobileApp
   DJI Pilot
   EIRP
   100mW
   Live View Working Frequency
   2.4GHz ISM
   Live View Quality
   720P @ 30fps (depending on conditions and mobile device)
   Latency
   220ms (depending on conditions and mobile device)
   Required Operating Systems
iOS 8.0 or later
Android 4.1.2 or later
   Recommended Devices
iOS: iPhone Ss, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air Wi-Fi +Cellular, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi
+ Cellular, iPad Air 2, iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi +Cellular, iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi +Cellular. This app is
optimized for iPhone Ss, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus
Android: Samsung 55, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google Nexus 711, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3, Nubia Z7 mini
*Support for additional Android devices available as testing and development continues

                                                          22
Phantom 3 Flight System:
Maintaining complete control and stability in the air is crucial to every successful flight.
The Phantom 3 contains the best and newest OJI flight technology, giving you an
enjoyable experience through full, automatic intelligent support. These systems help
you fly better and safer, and are designed so that you never have to think about them
at all.

Main Controller:
Processing and analyzing flight data in real time takes serious power. The Main
Controller is the control center of your Phantom 3. It collects data from the entire
system, including motor speed, GPS location, your command inputs, and data from
automatic sensors, and analyzes it all to tell your Phantom 3 exactly how to behave at
any given moment.

GPS:
Never lose track of your Phantom 3. GPS and GLONASS combine to make the Phantom
3 completely aware of its location and relation to you. It hovers more precisely, moves
more accurately, and locks onto satellites faster. With the new availability of GLONASS,
a minimum of 36 satellites are available to you around the world at any time.
Through the DJI Pilot app, you can track its location on a live map, and record your
takeoff point so you can bring it back to you with the tap of a finger.

IMU:
Keeping your Phantom 3 stable and flying the way you want it to is the Inertial
Measurement Unit. Inside is a 6-axis gyroscope and an accelerometer that records and
relays even the smallest changes in tilt and movement. It is constantly at work,
detecting the slightest changes and compensating for them automatically.

ESCs
Motor speed is critical to flight, and each motor is managed individually by the
Electronic Speed Controllers. ESCs not only relay vital motor speed information to the
Main Controller, they also send commands back to the motors based on your input.
This constant communication keeps your Phantom stable in flight, and also helps you
achieve any flight movement, from gentle pans to rapid acceleration.

                                                 23
                  c. Flights Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                              Limitations.

          In seeking this exemption, GSI proposes to commercially operate the DJI PHANTOM 3

for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the NAS, pursuant to the

following specific operating limitations:

                      As much as is possible, the applicant attempts to have a redundancy in expertise
                      and skill sets related to operationsoftheUASs.

                                Pilot in Command (PIC)

                                     · Pilotingthe UAS. Thiswilllnclude:
                                               Takeoff
                                               Normal flight
                                               Flight during
                                               emergency
                                               procedures
                                               Landing

                                     · Assembling the UAS
                                     · Performs pre-flightchecksofthefirmware
                                     · Performs pre-flight checks of the hardware
                                     · Performs preflight checks of the software

                                Spotter

                                     · Relays notable flight parameters such asflight~ h:ileystrength,
                                          and metricsian the UAS.

                                     · Primary communication between pilot and on-site safety
                                          personnel

                                     · Will hold physical documents related to current flight
                                     · Performs pre-flight checks ofthe data collection equipment
                                     · Monitors ground and greater above-ground environmentforsafety

                                          concerns

                               Technician

                                     · Assembling the UAS
                                          Preforms pre-flight checks of the hardware

                                     · Preforms pre-flightchecksofthesoftware

                                                          24
                · Secondary Communication link between pilot and on-site safety personnel
                · Relays to the spotter and records notable flight parameters metrics

                     from the UAS
                     Monitors ground and greater above-ground environment for
                     safety concerns

Ill. Pre-Flight Checklist

A. Before power is applied

     · Check for physical damage and any missing hardware
     · Check all electronics present and connected/ check cord connections are tight.
     · Confirm all batteries are charged
     · Check all rotors and moving partsfor debristhat would prevent proper

          operation
     · Check weather patterns the night beforehand.
     · Check all data collection equipmentfor proper nstallation/operation
     · Checkalldatacollectionequipmentforissuesthat would impact safe

          operations offlight package.

B. After Power Source Applied

     - Confirm proper power reading of battery
     · Run hardware based systems check

          Run software based systems check
     · Check flight LED array
     · Confirm proper radio linkto flight controller
     · Confirm proper radio linkto data collection device controller
     · Confirm secondary controller connection to UAS onboard flight controller
     · Confirm waypoints and geofences are accurate to current flight
     · Confirm desired behavior of emergency fail safes
     · Check with onsite safety personnel for any changes in goals/flight path

IV. Flight-time Checklist

     · Check with on-site personnel for safe flight area for first flight
     · Record relevant metrics inflightlog
     · Check for ground hazards at home-base and rectify

          Confirm morethan eight (8) satellite GPS lock
     · Confirm Initial state of controllers

          Initialize rotors and check for proper operation
          Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately five (5)

                                      25
           meters above the ground
      · Check landing gearflight mode (up) operation
      · Perform controlled multi-axis roll procedure to check for proper

           orchestrated rotor operation
      · Perform controlled multi-axis (if applicable) control procedure ofdata

           collection package
      · Switch controller mode to radial based, check for proper operation to

           maximumfive (5) meter distance to PI Cand returnto Initial position
     · Return UAS to normal orientation

          Perform controlled flight to hover mode one (1) meter above the
          ground
     · Check landing gear landing mode (down) operation
     · Land the UASandcheckfor proper de-initialization of rotors
          Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximatelyfive (5) meters above
          the ground
     · Check landinggear flight mode (up) operation
     · Operate UA5 to each waypoint/position until maximum flight time is
          achieved
          Return UASto normal orientation
    · Perform controlled flight to hover mode approximately one (1) meter above
          the ground
     · Check landinggear landing mode (down) operation
     · Land the UASand check for proper de-initialization of rotors
     · Remove powerto the flight package
     · Remove power to the data collection package
     · Remove power to controllers
     · Complete flight log

V. Standing Procedures

    · The Pilot, Spotter, and Technician will be the only members inthe forward

          frghtarea. On-site
          personnel will be within verbal range behind the PIC, Spotter, and Technician
     · The maximum power used to control the device is soft limited to 75% in
          order to maintain power iri reserve for unforeseen conditions
     · Flighttime is limited to l5 minutes and goa Is will be planned in phases
          to be accomplished during this time
     · Flight time is limited to reserving 25% battery power
     · Flight height is soft limited to visible and unaided line of sight (VLOS) 1 and
          hard limited to 400ft.
         AGL
     · Flighttime is limited to operation in safe environmental conditions

                                           26
                             · Flight staff will maintain proximity so as to be in !Ear verbal range
                             · The PICwill announce all movements to staff and on-site staff so that

                                 non-PIC staff members can identify possible safety concerns before
                                 operation ofthe UAStothe nextwaypointor position
                            · All regular and irregularoperationsare notedwithtimestamps,
                                 relevant UAS metrics and corrective action procedures {CAP) that are
                                 performed

                                      o Note:AII irregular behavior have root cause analysis performed
                                            before UASoperation 6resumed

                       VI. Emergency procedures

                                 Loss of Remote Signal
                                      o The flight package features an optional enhanced fail-safe which
                                            returnsthe UAStothe home basewaypointviathesame path
                                           taken to point of lost signal
                                       o The UASwill then perform a hover overthis waypoint and then

                                      perform acontrolled landing

                           · LossofGPSsignal
                                     o The system will operate in GPS mode with three (3) satellites
                                     o At brofthree (3)GPSsatellites, manual mode can be activated ofthe
                                     flight package can be programmed to perform a controlled landing
                                     to the home base waypoint.
                                     o Ground based height ranging is performed by separate system and so
                                      loss of GPS will

                                not impact controlled landing na safe manner

                                 Loss of Ground Control Software
                                     o This will not affect operation of the flight. The unit will be piloted to

                                 a safe landing area then landed so that examination of the link

                                     can be made.

            2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
                      And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          GSI submits that an equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and

(b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS

unless that PIC has demonstrated, through the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS training, that the PIC is

able to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,

including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from

                                                           27
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
           Considering GSI's proposed area of operations and the operating limitations set forth-

above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills necessary
to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, GSI submits that the additional manned airmanship
experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for GSI's specific proposed flight operations.

          As in Exemption No. 11109, GSI will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3
UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated through the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS training requirements
that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS in a manner consistent with this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                                      28
            3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7{a)
                       Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          The level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to
every flight, GSI will ensure that the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS is in an airworthy condition and safe
for flight based upon the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS's compliance with its operating documents and
as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

            4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
                       Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
the altitude ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAwill be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above
ground level (AGL), and GSI will operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UA within visual line of sight, at
or below 400 feet AGL. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is established at
ground level.

                                                      29
           The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in

 circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein.

             5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
                      91.151(a)(l), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409{a)(l) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &

                     (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

In seeking this exemption, GSI submits that the level of safety with regard to the regulatory
maintenance and alteration requirements established

by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because
GSI, will use its trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive
maintenance on the unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual. Furthermore, GSI will document and
maintain all maintenance records for the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS.

The Applicant contends that operation of its UASs will not ·"create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public." As stated in ll2 P.L 95 § 333(b). Given the diminutive
size and weight of the UASs, combined with their operation in rordoned off and well-controlled
areas. The applicant's UASs falls within congress's contemplated safety zone. The applicant's
UASs have an established safety record bolstered by multi-point preflight checklists,
awareness of their surroundings and intimate knowledge and behavior ofthe UASs platform In
many weather conditions. This safety record and implemented operational practices
demonstrates an awareness of public safety.

The Applicant's operations routinely provide a level of safety at least equal to existing rules

and in nearly every instance, exceeds existing rules.

The applicant's UASs does not and cannot operate on or near airports and generally has only
operated its fleet on private grounds with cordoned off areas or areas under the control ofthe
property owner/ client with assistance by safety officials employed by the business. The applicant
determines the areas needed to fulfill the clients goals and only operates its UASs ilthese flight
zones and only in compliance with well-regarded safety protocols set forth initially bythe RC UAS
trade and hobby groups and recently codified by relevant FARs.

The applicant is standartiza:irnthefollowing practices to ensure safe operations of its UASs safe;

Work with on-site personnel to plan the flight goals.

Work with on-site personnel to restrict access to non-essential persons.

                                                              30
Operations by unaided VLOS operations only.
Operation phases of l5 minutes in length.
Operation to minimal25% battery power.
Operation of device to GPS aided readout of no more than 400 feetAGL.
Numerous pre-programmed fail-safes that ensure specific behavior per issue.
Three main roles supplemented by on-site safety personnel.
Employ controlled lifecycle management of components to guard against failures.
Preform a site check day(s) before flight to identify potential issues.
Subscribe to relevant local and safety alerts
Expertly choose data collection instruments and accessories to minimize flight requirements or
expertise.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012- size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximitytoairportsand populated areasandoperationwithinvisual
line of site and national security- provide more than adequate justification for the grant ofthe
requested exemptionsallowingcommercial operationoftheapplicant's UASs in conducting aerial
acquisitions and research for geotechnical hazards.

           6. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

          In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, GSI requests that the FAA prescribe
special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 3, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit

                                                           31
safe operation of the unmanned aircraft for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions within the NAS. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering
whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat
to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without
airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be established for
the safe operation of the aircraft systems in the NAS.

          Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the OJI Phantom 3, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R.
Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual
design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:
If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain adequate
or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel
or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special
conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued in
accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft,
aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent
to that established in the regulations.

                                                          32
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

          Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for GSI's intended operation ofthe DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS, which
contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of
safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R. Sections
61.113(a)

& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.40S(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(l) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b).

E. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:
          The Rules From Which GSI Seeks Exemption:

          GSI seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. Sections 61.113{a) & (b),
          91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151{a}(1}, 91.405{a), 91.407(a}(1}, 91.409(a)(1} & (a)(2}, and
          91.417(a) & (b).

          A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption GSI Seeks:

          This exemption will permit GSI to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft System
          (UAS} for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research within the National
          Airspace System (NAS}.

F. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
          GSI's Request.

          This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, GSI's request for exemption may be granted pursuant
to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

          FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and

                                                           33
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.
           As discussed in detail above, the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS has in the past, and will continue

in the future, to operate safely in the NAS without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or
the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                                           CONCLUSION
           As set forth herein, GeoStabilization International, LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to
14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation of the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions within the
National Airspace System (NAS).
By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the
public, by allowing GSI to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS
commercially within the NAS.
          WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, GSI respectfully requests that the
Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. Sections
61.113{a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151{a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),and
91.417(a) & (b), and permit GSI to operate the DJI PHANTOM 3 UAS for the purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions and research within the NAS.

                                                                 34
Dated: May 18, 2015

                         Respectfully submitted,

                         GeoStabilization International, LLC

                         ~

                         Michelle Urlacher
                         543 31 Rd
                         Grand Junction, CO 81504
                         Tel: (970) 210-6170
                         Fax: (970) 245-7737

                     35
