July 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11981
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1379

Mr. Charles P. Liebold Jr.
Get Creative Group
5803 Beckenham Way
Oak Ridge, NC 27310

Dear Mr. Liebold:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Get Creative Group (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Get Creative Group is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Get Creative Group is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Docket Operations, M-30                  4/22/15
U.S. Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE Room W12-140
West Building Ground Floor
Washington DC 20590-0001

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from part 21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b), 91.7(a),
91.9(b)(2), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1 ),
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14
CFR).

Dear Mr. Duncan

My name is Charles P. Liebold Jr. and I am the founder of Get Creative Group
located in Oak Ridge NC. We are a small design, photography and video
production business that began in 2008. I am writing pursuant to the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the procedures contained within 14
C.F.R. 11, to request that Charles P. Liebold Jr. of the Get Creative Group owner
of a unmanned aircraft system (UAS) be granted exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations (FARS) listed within so that I may operate my UAS
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration. This
exemption would allow operation of my UAS for the purpose of aerial
photography, aerial videography to augment real estate listing video and or real
estate property developers.

Get Creative Group equipment is a DJIInspire 1 (4) blade quad copter weighing
6 lbs. 7.5 ounces. (see appendix 1) The UAS has a maximum airspeed of 30
knots. Using remote controller operating on frequency 5.728-5.850GHZ /2.400-
2.483GHZ. The Inspire 1 is equipped with built in ground support technology that
allows it to fly utilizing GPS for stability, tracking, safe flight mode and return to
home feature in the event of loss of remote control signal or critical low battery.
All flights start with a pre-flight safety check and all flight data are recorded. The
Inspire 1 is equipped with a fixed position camera that sends a live video signal to
the controller allowing the (PIC) person in control to monitor real time video.
Flight data, speed height, distance, battery level and general aircraft conditions
are also displayed during operation. The Inspire 1 battery has a flight time of 12
minutes and is therefore always returned to original take off point and always
flown utilizing VLOS. I have invested a considerable amount of money and have
logged over 10 hours with this particular UAS and trained 15 hours with other
UAS operators equipment and find that this model to be far superior in flight,
safety and reliability. My request for exemption would allow me to offer services
to my clients at a considerable discount compared to using Helicopters and fixed

                 1
wing planes that pose severe safety risk to accomplish the type of aerial
coverage needed in the real estate market.

UAS Safety Operating Parameters
We will abide by the following additional operating conditions under this
exemption, which ensures a level of safety during UAS flight.

Operate UAS below 400 feet and within a radius of 1000 feet from PIC always
maintaining VLOS.
Obtain permission from the owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles and
Structures when operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to any such
vessels, vehicles or structures; we will conduct a safety assessment of the risk of
operating closer to those objects and determine that it does not present an undue
hazard.
Operate the UAS for 8-12 minutes per flight.
Land UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery
power.
Operate UAS during daylight hours only within visual line of sight (VLOS)
Utilize the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it
hovers and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost
or battery becomes critically low
Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of h
estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
information.
Always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation
Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
potential danger.
Review weather reports prior to flight and never operate UAS in unsafe
conditions, high wind, low clouds or conditions that hinder visibility.
Only operate in safe environments that are strictly controlled, are away from
power lines, elevated lights, airports and densely populated areas (defined by
areas depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts and through obtaining information
regarding congested areas from the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO);
Also conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols, during which safety
carries primary importance
The PIC will also have a minimum of 5 hours logged on this craft and 10 hours
minimum flying UAS quad copters under varying conditions and environments
and will follow all safety protocol of Get Creative Group as well as guidelines of
14 C.F.R 61.51 (b) having the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with the operating documents, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles
and structures as outlined.

                                                    2
Specific Exemptions Requested Given the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the UA, we feel an exemption from 14 CFR part
21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) and§
91.203(a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to certain conditions and
limitations, is warranted and meets the requirements for an equivalent level of
safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

We request an exemption from§ 45.23 Marking of the aircraft because the UA
will not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
phrases. Further, the two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small aircraft
with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering requirement. Regardless of
this, we can mark the UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the word
"Experimental" on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) so that anyone will see
the markings.

We request an exemption from § 91.7(a) which prohibits the operation of an
aircraft without an airworthiness certificate, since there is currently no certificate
applicable to our operation, this regulation is inapplicable.

We request an exemption from§§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1 ), 91.409(a)(2) and
91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance inspections since they only apply to aircraft with
an airworthiness certificate. However, as a safety precaution we will perform a
preflight inspection of the UAS before each flight as outlined in the attached
operating documents.

We request an exemption from§ 91.9(b)(2) which requires an aircraft flight
manual in the aircraft, however since there are no pilots or passengers on board
the aircraft and given its size, this regulation is inapplicable. We believe an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual
with the UAS ground station.

We request an exemption from § 91.119 which prescribes safe altitudes for the
operation of civil aircraft, but it allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes
in certain conditions. We will not operate our UAS above the altitude of 400 feet
above ground level (AGL) and will also only operate in safe areas away from the
public and traffic, thus "providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below
those in relation to minimum safe altitudes." Given the size, weight,
maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety
will be achieved.

                                                       3
We request an exemption from § 91.121 Altimeter settings as it is inapplicable

since the UAS utilizes electronic GPS with a barometric sensor.

We request an exemption from § 91.151 (a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR

conditions. The UAV is 100% electric and two low battery alerts are issued - per
the operating documents, the UAV will be landed at the first alert. Also, our flights
will last only 8-12 minutes each, and the UAS has an automated function, which
results in immediate landing when a low battery is detected. The PIC will not
begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough power to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

Public Interest
Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has
been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters,
but for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. By granting
this exemption we would be able to provide this service at a much lower cost.
Further, our small UAS will pose no threat to the public given its small size and
lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned aircraft. Additionally,
the operation of our UAS will minimize ecological damage and promote economic
growth by providing information to companies looking to relocate or build in the
metro areas we service.

Summary

We will comply with all of the following conditions and limitations should this grant

of exemption be provided:

1) Operations will be limited to the following aircraft described in the operating
documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than 7 pounds:
OJ I Inspire 1

Aircraft System.
2) The UAS will not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.
3) The UAS will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents.
All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
4) The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot In
Command (PIC) at all times.
5) All operations may utilize a visual observer {VO). The UA will be operated
within the visual line of sight {VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO and PIC will
be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC will be designated before
the flight and will not transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

                                                      4
The PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in the
operating documents.
6) The operating documents will be accessible during UAS operations and made
available to the Administrator upon request. Any revisions to the operating
documents will be presented to the Administrator upon request.
7) Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition
for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UAS, the UAS will not be operated until the necessary maintenance has
been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
Ground Control Station will be included in the preflight inspection. All
maintenance and alterations will be properly documented
in the aircraft records.
8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, will undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight will make an
entry in the aircraft records.
9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents will account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.
10) We will follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
11) We will carry out maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
inspection, and alterations will be noted in the aircraft records, including total
flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the
authorized person returning the UAS to service.
12) Each UAS operated will comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
13) An authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft record of the
corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
14). The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR
61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on.
15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar
operations), the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 CFR 61.51 (b),
16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar
operations), the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent
with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating the make
and model of the UAS to be used in operations.

17) The PIC will not operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar

                                                    5
operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent
with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with the operating documents, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
18) UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1.
All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
19) The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.
20) The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
PIC.
21) If a UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be
recovered in accordance with the operating documents.
22) The PIC will abort a flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.
23) The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.
24) We will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations, and also request a
Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than
48 hours prior to the operation.
25) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
operation and control of the UA will comply with the Federal Communications
Commission {FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
requirements.
26) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 would be available
to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is
operating. These documents will be made available to the Administrator or any
law enforcement official upon request.
27) The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.
28) The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
29) The UA will not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.
30) Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. We will ensure
that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the

                                                            6
owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do

not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

31 ) All operations will be conducted over private or controlled-access property
with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.
32) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will
be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
Accidents will be reported to
the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on
the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

On behalf of Get Creative Group I would like to thank you for your consideration
in granting this exemption. It will be an honor to hold this designation and I look
forward to adding UAS video I photography offerings to my business portfolio.

Thank you for your consideration

~ f. ~~\..(J \ '·

Charles P. Liebold Jr.
Get Creative Group
5803 Beckenham Way
Oak Ridge NC 2731 0
407 924-6956
chuck @getcreativegroup.com

enclosures:

appendix 1: Inspire 1 Operation Manual

                                                        7
s
Aircraft

Flight Controller

The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on OJI flight controller with several enhancements such as new
flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic
Home Point. These features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight
recorder stores crucial flight data for each flight.

Flight Mode

Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the section below:
P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P
mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
Positioning sensors:

     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision
     Positioning for hovering
     P-ATTl: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,
     so only altitude is controlled.
A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft
only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically
return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

 o\j: Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Right

         Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

 Flight Status Indicator

The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status Indicator. The positions of these
LEOs are shown in the figure below:

_____i  -----·-·------·_j
              Rear LED
;.,.._

The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED displays solid red and the
Rear LED displays solid green.
Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more
information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:

12 ; '·
                                                                                 INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Aircraft Status Indicator Description

Normal

,f!B'C;i. .Y· ······Red, Green and Yellow Flash  Power on and self-check

Alternatively

·r~: :)'.-······Green and Yellow Rash Alternatively Aircraft warming up

-·$:······Green Flashes Slowly                   Safe to Fly (P rnode with GPS and Vision Positioning)

-x{?:-:X2 ······Green Flashes Twice              Safe to Ry (P rnode with VISion Positioning but without GPS)

¥· .. ····Yellow Flashes Slowly                  Safe to Fly (A rnode but No GPS and Vision Positioning)

Warning                                          Remote Controller Signal Lost

·Yi· ...... Fast Yellow Flashing

·B::- ······Slow Red Flashing                    Low Battery Warning

<Fii ······Fast Red Flashing                     Critical Low Battery Warning

f,t ······ Red Flashing Alternatively            IMU Error
                                                 Critical Error
'R>- Solid Red

·.13>-Y· ······Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively Cornpass Calibration Required

Return to Home {RTH)

The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Horne Point. There are three cases
that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

             GPS                                                             Description

Horne Point                            The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the
                                       GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through
                                       the GPS icon ( ~ 111 ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point
                                       setting, the Horne Point will be updated to your current position as you
                                       move around and when the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks green.

Smart RTH

Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for more information) or the
RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available to enables srnart RTH. The aircraft return to the
latest recorded Horne Point, you may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart
RTH. Press the Srnart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button again to exit
Smart RTH and regain the control.

                                                                                                        13
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Low Battery RTH
The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the OJI Intelligent Right Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when these warnings are shown. OJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Horne Point
when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the Horne Point if no action is
taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its
distance from the Home Point.
Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft to land to the ground
from the current altitude. User can use the remote controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the
landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below

               Cnt1cai Lo\v battery Jeve!                             Suf.ic1ent battery
               vjarn1ng(Rec1)                                         !evei(Green)

               j _ LOW                                                  Rerna;n1r19 f11ght time
                                                          l~vel
                                                                         cS
                                                                 Power

                                                                 Battery level ~ncl1cator

Battery Level  Remark            Aircraft Status                                           DJI Pilot app  Flight Instructions
   Warning                          Indicator

Low battery    The battery       Aircraft status                        Tap "Go-home" to have             Fly the aircraft
level warning  power is low.     indicator blinks                       the aircraft return to the        back and land
               Please land the   RED slowly.                            Home point and land               it as soon as
               aircraft.                                                automatically, or "Cancel" to     possible, then
                                                                        resume normal flight. If no       stop the motors
                                                                        action is taken, the aircraft     and replace the
                                                                        will automatically go home        battery.
                                                                        and land after 10 seconds.
                                                                        Remote controller will sound
                                                                        an alarm.

Critical Low   The aircraft      Aircraft status                        The OJI Pilot app screen will     The aircraft
battery level  must land         indicator blinks                       flash red and aircraft starts to  will begin to
warning        immediately.      RED quickly.                           descend. Remote controller        descend and land
                                                                        will sound an alarm.              automatically.

Estimated      Estimated                                         N/A                       N/A            N/A
remaining      remaining flight
flight time    based on current
               battery level.

14
                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

t5: ·When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land

         automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more
         appropriate location for landing.
       · Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining flight time
         and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

Failsafe RTH

Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including video relay signal) is lost for
more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has been successfully recorded and compass is working
normally. Return home process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if
a remote controller signal is resumed.

Failsafe Illustration       2 Confirm Home Point  3 Remote Controller Signal Lost
 1 Record Home Point (HP)

Blinking Green              Blinking Green        Fast Blinking Yellow

4 Signal Lost Lasts 3secs.                        6 Landing after Hovering 15secs

Fast Blinking Yellow                                 ~.
                                                               ®
                                                  Fast Blinking Yellow

& · Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is important to set an

         reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter ·camera"
         view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe altitude.
       · Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you move the throttle
         stick during the Failsafe.

Dynamic Home Point

Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home Point that is
different from the takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position shown in the figure below:

& Ensure the space above the GPS module is not obstructed when using Dynamic Home Point.

                                                                                                                                 15
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.

Setting Up Dynamic Home Point
Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.
2. Tap"'"and select"i", to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
3. Tap""'and select"4,9'', to reset the aircraft's coordinates as the new Home Point.
4. The aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set succesfully.

Vision Positioning System

DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help the aircraft
identify its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more
precisely and fly indoors or in other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main
components of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on. No manual action is
required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is available. By
using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when
no GPS is available.

                      ~/

       ~
       0'-.::;:/

    /  ~          ~

16
      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

      Status LED                 Alarm                   Remote Controller Status

      f:!t-SolidRed              f chime                 The remote controller set as "Master" but it is not
                                                         connected with the aircraft.

      --·~- -Solid Green         I chime                 The remote controller set as 'Master' and it is connected
                                                         with the aircraft.

      ·f>;:- Solid Purple        0-D-                    The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not
                                                         connected with the aircraft.

      ·e··- Solid Blue           D-O-/chime              The remote controller set as 'Slave' and it is connected
                                                         with the aircraft.

      ·5· ······Slow Blinking Red D-D-0······            Remote controller error.

JJ    if: (jff.l;-.Y ......
<D
3
Sl.   Red and Green/ Red and None                        HD Downlink is disrupted.

<D Yellow Alternate Blinks                               Remote Controller Status.
0                                                        Aircraft is returning home.
0                                                        Sending Return to Horne command to the aircraft.
      RTH LED                    Sound                   Aircraft Return to Home in progress.
;:l.

Q_    iV:f-SolidWhite            /chime

iil
<n 'vJ ······ Blinking White
                                 D···

      w. ······ Blinking White   DD···· ..

      & The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

      Linking the Remote Controller

      The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new
      remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

      1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch DJI Pilot app.
      2. Power on the Intelligent Right Battery.
      3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller" button as shown below.

                             <'                          RC Control Se1t1ng        )<'

                             Remote Control Calibration                            >
                             Stick Mode                                            >

                             Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                             Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                             IC1 Gimbal Pitch/Yaw        IC2 Reset gimbal yaw

                                                         You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                         of the remote controller.

      32
DJI Pilot App

The OJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use this app to control the
gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system. The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center,
for configuring your aircraft and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet
for the best experience.

0

c_ United States

                            Mountian View

                                             Shot with DJIINSPIREl

                                                                    MAP  USER CENTER

Camera

The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You can also configure
various camera parameters from the Camera page.

                                                                                            Fn

                                                                                       .""~ -···[10)

                                                                                      ~-

40
                                                                              INSPIRE 1 User Manual

[1] Flight Mode

  8 : The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

    Tap to enter MC (Main Controller) settings. Modify flight limits, perform compass calibration, and set

    the gain values on this screen.

[2] GPS Signal Strength
    ~.nil: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicates adequate GPS
    strength.

[3] lOG Settings

   \>A CL : This icon shows which IOC setting that the aircraft has entered when in F Mode.

    Tap to enter IOC setting menu and select Course Lock, Home Lock or Point of Interest Lock.

[4] System Status                                                                                           0c._
     Sate1nRy(GPS) :This icon shows current aircraft system status, such as GPS signal health.

[5] Battery Level Indicator
    _,__., o : The battery level indicator dynamically displays the battery level. The color zones on the
    battery level indicator represent different battery levels.

[6] Remote Controller Signal
    g.~ 1tlll: This icon shows the strength of remote controller signal.

[7] HD Video Link Signal Strength
    ~.ull: This icon shows the HD video downlink signal strength between the aircraft and the remote
    controller.

[8) Battery Level

   ff 100%: This icon shows the current Intelligent Right Battery level.

Tap to enter battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds and view the battery
warning history in this page.

[9) General Settings

    @:Tap this icon to enter General Settings page. Select parameter units, reset the camera, enable
    the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value and toggle flight route display on this page.

[10) Camera Operation Bar

     Exposure Lock
      AE ·: Tap to enable or disable the camera exposure lock.

Function
Fn: Tap to adjust camera settings, such as video format and digtial filters.

e :Shutter
     Tap this button to take a single photo.

                                                                                                41
       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

             Record

        0: Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

             Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same function.

             Playback

          [B: Tap to enter playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are captured.

             Camera Settings and Shooting Mode
            ~;: : Tap to enter the Camera Settings page and switch from camera shooting mode from manual to
             auto.

       [11] Map
             Display the flight path of the current mission. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

0c....

[12] Vision Positioning

   g :This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

[13] Flight Telemetry

    H: 2M  0: 39M

    \.G:'sws l&;,~l.2ws

      Vision Positioning Status
      Icon is highlighted when Vision Positioning is in operation.

      Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
      (1} The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.
      (2} Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
      (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.

[14] Home Point Settings

   f :Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the aircraft take-off

      location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's current position as the Home Point.

[15] Return to Home (RTH)

    $ :Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home point.

42
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator to learn how to fly
safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable location.

Flight Environment Requirements

1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 10m/s,                 ::!J
    snow, rain and smog.
                                                                                                                   (Q
2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the on-board
    compass and GPS signal.                                                                                        ;:r

3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high levels of electromagnetism,

    including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.

    Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft
    performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.

 Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area

Right limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits are described in the following
section.
All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as
the !GAO (International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For
safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.

Max Height & Radius Limits
Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change these settings in the
OJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a restricted cylinder that is determined by these
settings. The tables below show the details of these limits.

                            Max Radius

.....L.\C-----'1-- He1gl:t o~ a:rcm.ft
                           "v~:r:en po:,\:ereclon

                                                   45
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

GPS Signal Strong <@:···· .. Blinking Green

                       Right limits                    DJI Pilot App      Aircraft Status Indicator

Max Height             Flight altitude must be under   Warning: Height    None.
                       the set height.                 limit reached.
                                                                          Rapid red flashing Jt
Max Radius             Flight distance must be within  Warning: Distance  ······when close to the
                       the max radius.                 limit reached.     max radius limit.

GPS Signal Weak l¥. ······Blinking Yellow

            Right limits                        DJI Pilot App             Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                                          None.
         Max Height Right height restricted to  Warning: Height limit
                            120m and under.     reached.

~

c;o:r Max Radius No limits

& ·If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it further.

       · If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

         range automatically.

Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas
Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the DJI official website at
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc. Restricted areas are divided into category A and category B.
Category A areas cover major international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas
includes smaller airports.

Category A Safety Zone

(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a range of "restricted-
    altitude zones". Flight is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the
    restricted-altitude zone.

(2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude restricted, with maximum

    altitude going from 35 feet {10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 320 feet (100m) of the

    safety zone, a warning message will appear on the DJI Pilot App.

46
                                                                                        INSPIRE 1 User Manual
+ - - - - - - - - - - C a t e g o r y Asafety z o n e - - - - - - - - - - - +

 I                            las~> . ·.

   400feet  3.5 mile          ""'41 1.5 milej

 Lt                   5 mile                   No-fly zone Restricted-altitude Warning zone  Free zone
                                                              ftight zone
320 feeJ

Category B Safety Zone

(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 0.6 miles (1 Krn) of this

    zone, a warning will appear on the DJI Pilot App.

                      !-Category B safety zone--+!

                              No-flY.zone warning zone Free zone

                                                                                                        47
INSPIRE l User Manual

GPS Signal Strong ·;9 ······Blinking Green

    Zone             Restriction                      DJI Pilot App Prompt                 Aircraft
                                                                                           Status
                                                                                           Indicator

                     Motors will not start            Warning: You are in a No-fly
                                                      zone. Take off prohibited.

    No-fly Zone      If the aircraft enters the
                     restricted area in A rnode but
                     P mode activates the aircraft    Warning: You are in a No-fly
                     will automatically descend to    zone, automatic landing has
                     land then stop its motors after  begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile
                     landing.                         radius)

                                                      Warning: You are in a restricted     Fi········
                                                      zone. Descending to safe
                                                      altitude. (If you are between the    Red flashing
                                                      range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile
     Restricted-     If the aircraft enters the       radius)
    altitude flight  restricted area in A mode but P  Warning: You are in a restricted
                     mode activates, it will descend  zone. Max flight height restricted
        zone         to a safe altitude and hover 15  to between 10.5m and 120rn. Fly
                     feet below the safe altitude.    Cautiously.

    Warning zone No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a
                          there will be warning message. restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.

    Free zone        No restrictions.                 None.                                None.

EI§ Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

       during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

& · When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and continue for 3

          seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point
          it will switch back to red blinking.
       · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
          city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

48
                                                                                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Preflight Checklist

1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
6. OJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.

Calibrating the Compass

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very
sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight
performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

 0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such

            as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
          · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular

            phones.
          · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.
1. Ensure the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass in the Checklist, or if you

    have changed your position since last calibrating it, tap "MODE" in the app and select "Compass
    Calibration" to calibrate the compass. Then follow the on-screen instructions.
2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status Indicator will display a
    solid green light.

                                                                                                                                49
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center

   axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

 6 If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move your aircraft to a

         different location to carry out compass calibration.

 '(F Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch OJI Pilot App, follow the on-screen instruction

         to calibrate the compass.
When to Recalibrate
1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow.
2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last flight.
3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the

    compass.
4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

 Auto Take-off and Auto Landing

Auto Take-off
Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking
green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:
1. Launch OJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.
4. Tap"i", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.
5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.

50
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 Lt · When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe

           mode.
         · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking red slowly or

           rapidly during flight.
         · Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.
Video Suggestions and lips
1. Work through the checklist before each flight.
2. Select desired gimbal working rnode in the DJI Pilot app.
3. Airn to shoot when flying in P rnode only.
4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
5. Change carnera settings to suit you. These include photo forrnat and exposure compensation.
6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft rnovernents stable and srnooth.

52
Appendix                      T600
                              2935g
Specifications                Vertical: 0.5 m
                              Horizontal: 2.5 m
 Aircraft                     Pitch: 300°/S
 Model                        Yaw: 150°/S
 Weight {Battery Included}    35°
                              5m/s
 Hovering Accuracy {P Mode)   4m/s
                              22 m/s {ATTl mode, no wind}
 Max Angular Velocity         4500m
                              10m/s
 Max Tilt Angle               Approximately 18 minutes
 Max Ascent Speed             DJI3510
 Max Descent Speed            DJI 1345
 Max Speed                    Enabled by default
 Max Flight Altitude          -10°t040° C
 Max Wind Speed Resistance    559to581 mm
 Max Flight T1me              438x451x301 mm
 Motor Model
 Propeller Model              ZENMUSEX3
 Indoor Hovering              Static: 9 W;ln Motion: 11 W
 Operating Temperature Range  Station: 750 mA;Motion: 900 mA
 Diagonal Distance
 Dimensions                   Detachable
 Gimbal                       Pitch: -90° to +30°
 Model                        Pan: ±320°
 Output Power {With Camera)   Pitch: -125° to +45°
 Operating Current            Pan:±330°
 Angular Vibration Range      Pitch: 120°/S
 Mounting                     Pan: 180°/S

 Controllable Range

 Mechanical Range

 Max Controllable Speed

                                                              57
INSPIRE l User Manual          X3
                               FC350
 Camera                        12.76M
 Name                          12.4M
 Model                         4000x3000
 Total Pixels                  100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
 Effective Pixels              8 s to 1/8000 s
 Image Max Size
 ISO Range                     Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
 Electronic Shutter Speed      20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 focus at oo)
 FOV (Field Of View)           9 Elements in 9 groups
 CMOS                          Anti-distortion
                               Single shoot
 Lens                          Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                               Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at
 Still Photography Modes       0.7EV Bias
                               Time-lapse
 Video Recording Modes         UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                               FHD: 1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
 Max Bitrate Of Video Storage  HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
                               60 Mbps
 Supported File Formats        FAT32/exFAT
                               Photo: JPEG, DNG
 Supported SO Card Types       Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
 Operating Temperature Range   Micro SO
 Remote Controller             Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.
 Name                          0° to40° C
 Operating Frequency
 Transmitting Distance         C1
 EIRP                          922.7MHz-927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
 Video Output Port             5.728-5.850 GHz;2.400-2.483 GHz
 Power Supply                  2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
 Charging                      10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
 Dual User Capability          USB, Mini-HDMI
                               Built-in battery
58                             DJI charger
                               Host-and-Slave connection
Mobile Device Holder                                                            INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Output Power
Operating Temperature Range  Tablet or Smart Phone
                             9W
Storage Temperature Range    -10°t040°C
                             Less than 3 months: -20° to 45o C
Charging Temperature Range   More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
Battery
Charger                      0-40° c
Model
Voltage                      6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Rated Power
Battery (Standard)           A14-100P1A
Name                         26.3V
Model                        100W
Capacity
Voltage                      Intelligent Flight Battery                                                 )>
Battery Type                 TB47                                                                      ""0
Energy                       4500 mAh                                                                  ""0
Net Weight                   22.2V                                                                     <D
Operating Temperature Range  LiPo 6S High voltage battery
                             99.9Wh                                                                    :ax:J.·.
Storage Temperature Range    570g
                             -10°t0400C
Charging Temperature Range   Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
Max Charging Power           More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
Battery (Optional)           0°t040°C
Name                         180W
Model
Capacity                     Intelligent Flight Battery
Voltage                      TB48
Battery Type                 5700mAh
Energy                       22.8V
Net Weight                   LiPo 6S
Operating Temperature Range  129.96 Wh
                             670g
Storage Temperature Range    -10to40°C
                             Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
Charging Temperature Range   More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C
                             oo to40° C

                                                                 59
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Max Charging Power                 180W
Vision Positioning
Velocity Range                     Below 8 m/s (2 m above ground)
Altitude Range                     5-500cm
Operating Environment              Brightly lit (lux> 15) patterned surfaces
Operating Range                    0-250 em
DJI Pilot App
Mobile Device System Requirements  iOS version 7.1 or later;Android version 4. 1.2 or later
                                   * iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 58, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini
Supported Mobile Devices           3, iPad Air, iPad Mini 2, iPad 4;* Samsung Note 3, Samsung
                                   85, Sony Z3 EXPERIA;* Note: It is recommended that you
                                   use a tablet for the best experience

Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)

        IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are three working modes for

-6' IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode,

16 and user must toggle the flight mode switch to "F" mode to activate JOG. Refer to the table below:

:::>

0x·.

Course Lock (CL)       Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
                       fixed until you re-record it or exit from CL.

Home Lock (HL)*        Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from
                       or near to the HP.

                                Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POl), the aircraft can circle around
Point of Interest (POl)*

                                the POl, and the nose always points to the POl.

~ *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

Prerequisites of IOC
Use the IOC feature under the following condition:

Modes lOG         GPSenabled       GPS                     Flight Distance Limits
 Course Lock            No         None                               None
  Home Lock             Yes        ~Ill
       POl              Yes        ~.u                Aircraft ~ Home Point
                                                    Aircraft ~Point of Interest

Using IOC
Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable JOG" in the setting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight
Mode Switch to "P' mode and follow the on-screen instruction to use IOC feature.

60
