April 20, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11399
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0147

Mr. Philip A. K. Stiles, Esquire
President and General Counsel
GPS Development, LLC dba SkyViewHD
275 Eagle Knob Pointe
Lake Mary, FL 32746

Dear Mr. Stiles:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 19, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of GPS Development, LLC dba SkyViewHD (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography for real estate services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GPS Development, LLC dba SkyViewHD is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GPS Development, LLC dba SkyViewHD is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                       GPS Development, LLC
                                                       d/b/a SkyViewHDTM
                                                       275 Eagle Knob Pointe
                                                       Lake Mary, FL 32746

January 19, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
                  Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14
                  CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 13 C.F.R. 61.133(a); 91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);
                  91.109;91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1);
                  91.409 (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s):

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, GPS Development, LLC d/b/a SkyViewHDTM ("SkyViewHD"), the
operator of Small Ultralight Unmanned Aircraft - DJI Phantom 2 ("UA"), seeks an exemption
from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") as listed and discussed below.

         SkyViewHD's team has flown its UAs, for recreational purposes, for hundreds of hours
without incident. SkyViewHD's UAs are equipped to take aerial videography and photography to
enhance awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout
of certain areas and augment real estate listings and promote the use of certain real estate properties
which provides an enhancement to academic research being performed in certain geographical
areas ("purpose").

         SkyViewHD's exemption request will permit the operation of comparatively inexpensive
UAs in tightly controlled, predetermined and limited airspace. This airspace will include areas
away from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic for community videos, and

                                                               1

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
within property boundaries for real estate listing videos and photos. Currently, similar lightweight,
remote controlled UAs are legally operated by unmonitored and untrained amateur hobbyists with
no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophic events. SkyViewHD has created (and
attached) confidential and detailed safety protocols and controls ("SkyViewHD's Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit")1 to avoid and prevent public hazards as well as preventing the
interference with manned aircraft which could cause a hazard or catastrophe. This acts to enhance
safety protocols unique to SkyViewHD's lightweight UAs being utilized specifically for real estate
videography and photography. SkyViewHD records flight data and other information gained
through permitted flight operations which may be shared with the FAA through any required FAA
reports to assist with the development of future FAA protocols and safety regulations.

         The use of SkyViewHD's UAs for these purposes reduces the need to operate conventional
aircraft, typically needed to perform these types of operations, provides an economic benefit to the
business consumer as the SkyViewHD UAs provides higher quality imagery at a fraction of the
cost of aerial videography and photography using conventional aircraft. These savings result in
not only enhanced efficiency and productivity for the affected activities but added environmental
and safety benefits to the public at large.

         As described more fully below, SkyViewHD's requested exemption would authorize
commercial operations of aerial videography and photography, using SkyViewHD's UAs, which
will be operated under controlled conditions at an altitude of no greater than three hundred (300)
feet AGL in airspace that is limited in scope and will have automated control features.
SkyViewHD's UAs will also be operated by an individual who has passed an FAA approved
ground training exam. As outlined below, the airspace in which SkyViewHD's UAs will operate
within will be disclosed to the FAA in advance to flight operation. Finally, SkyViewHD's UAs
will be used in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now conducted with fixed wing and
rotary conventional aircraft which should reassure the FAA that these operations will achieve at
least an equivalent level or greater level of safety.

         In the interest of economic efficiency and public safety, SkyViewHD hereby respectfully
applies for an exemption from the listed FARs to allow commercial operations of SkyView's UAs,
so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. Approval of this exemption would thereby
enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's ("Administrator") responsibilities
under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

1 See Exhibit "1" - SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls.

                                                               2

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         As discussed above and more fully described below, the requested exemption would permit
the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAs under controlled conditions in
airspace that is limited and predetermined. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance
safety and fulfill the Administrator responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Please see Section 333(c) of
the Reform Act.

         Additionally, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is essentially
identical to the exemption being sought by SkyViewHD. Please see FAA Exemption No. 11138.

The name and address of the applicant is:

         GPS Development, LLC d/b/a SkyViewHD
         Attn: Philip A. K. Stiles, Esquire
         President and General Counsel
         275 Eagle Knob Pointe
         Lake Mary, FL 32746
         Phone: 407-920-2020

                REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

         14 C.F.R. Part 21
         14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
         13 C.F.R. 61.133(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2)
         14 C.F.R. 91.103
         14 C.F.R. 91.109
         14 C.F. R. 91.119
         14 C.F.R. 91.121
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
         14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
         14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
         14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2)
         14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)

                                                               3

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.
In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAs do not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the
following:

         · The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
         · Operation of the UAs in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
         · Operation of the UAs within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a).

         Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).2

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under
§40101 of the Act, that includes UAs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a
current airworthiness certificate.

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f). See also 49 USC
§44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

         SkyViewHD's UAs are rotorcraft weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg)
including energy source(s), equipment and any payload. They operate, under normal conditions
at a ground speed of no more than thirty (30) knots and have the capability to hover, and move in
the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The UAs will operate only in line of sight and
within the area described in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. Such
operations will insure that the UA will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system
or the public."3

2 SkyViewHD interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for
exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UA, if it
should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.
3 Reform Act Section 333 (b).

                                                               4

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         Given the small size of the UAs involved and the restricted environment within which they
will operate, SkyViewHD falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety)
in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of
UAs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UAs and the restricted areas in which
the relevant UAs will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in
environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing UAs for aerial
videography and photography operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public
interest. Additionally, there is economic efficiency created with the use of SkyViewHD's UAs as
the typical cost to perform aerial videography and photography with helicopters and airplanes
heavily multiplies the cost to business consumers and government agencies, including law
enforcement, for the services which are to be provided by SkyViewHD.

         THE EXTENT AND BASIS OF THE RELIEF SOUGHT BY SKYVIEWHD

         SkyViewHD submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§
331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating that presently prevents
SkyViewHD from contemplated commercial video-graphic, photographic and other flight
operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such
integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system as it is in the
public's interest to do so. SkyViewHD's ultralight weight UAs meet the definition of "small
unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of SkyViewHD's
ultralight weight UAs is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. SkyViewHD would like to
operate its ultralight weight UAs prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the
FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable
information for formal regulation that can be administered uniformly to all real estate related UA
aerial videography and photography. The Reform Act guides the Administrator in determining the
types of UAs that may operate safely in our national airspace system. These considerations include:
weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAs; whether the UAs will be operated near
airports or heavily populated areas and; whether the UAs will be operated by line of sight.4 Each
of these items is favorable to the grant of an exemption to SkyViewHD. SkyViewHD's UAs utilize
four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. SkyViewHD's UAs are
equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology. SkyViewHD's UAs weigh less than five
(5) pounds including camera and gimbal assembly.

4 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a).

                                                        5

                          SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                               Phone: 407-920-2020
         SkyViewHD puts safety first when considering any UA flight. SkyViewHD's small UAs
are designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (27 mph) wind. In order
to increase safety plus stability and limit harm and financial loss of property, SkyViewHD will not
fly its UAs in winds exceeding 15 knots (17 mph). SkyViewHD's established safety systems
include a GPS mode that allows its UAs to hover in place when radio controls are released.
SkyViewHD's UAs have three modes to choose from, SkyViewHD utilizes the Smart Mode5 for
aerial videography and photography. This mode is the safest, most reliable and stable mode to
prevent accidents and being a hazard to others. When pilot communication is lost, SkyViewHD's
UAs are designed to return then slowly descend to the point of takeoff. SkyViewHD does not
operate its UAs near airports, hospitals, police heliports or news channel heliports. SkyViewHD
does not operate its UAs in areas where general public is within fifty (50) to one hundred (100)
yards depending on location, conditions and weather. SkyViewHD's pilots and observers are
constantly on alert for any manned aircraft and prepared to immediately abort and land the UA at
the nearest and safest ground point in the event a manned aircraft approaches or the SkyViewHD
pilot or observer suspects a manned aircraft may approach the operating area of a SkyViewHD
UA. SkyViewHD's UAs are capable of vertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only
within my line of sight of the pilot. SkyViewHD's UA flights generally last fifteen (15) minutes
with an altitude under three hundred (300) and utilize battery power rather than combustible fuels.
SkyViewHD does not operate its UAs below the manufacturer's recommended minimum charge
levels for operation preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate
communication between radio control and the UAs to eliminate potential for crashes, loss of
control or hazard. Fully charged reserve batteries are on hand with to insure replacement for a
sufficiently safe level of operation. SkyViewHD operates very conservatively and does believe in
taking risks that may cause a crash or that could create hazard to the public, property and manned
aircraft. SkyViewHD's pilots have logged numerous practice flights in order to simulate flights
for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UA's
performance under different temperature and weather conditions.

         SkyViewHD is extremely cautious when operating of its UAs and will not "create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public."6 Given the small size and weight of
SkyViewHD's UAs, they fall well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it
promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAs into the national
airspace system. SkyViewHD's UAs, utilized in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record
and do not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

5 Smart Mode includes safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home
feature, and safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter
and UAS. See Exhibit "1" ­ Phantom 2 User Manual.
6 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b).

                                                               6

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
           SKYVIEWHD'S REQUEST WILL BENEFIT THE PUBLIC AT LARGE

         Aerial videography and photography for geographical awareness and for real estate
marketing and promotion has been around for a long time through the use of manned fixed wing
aircraft and helicopters. The challenge for smaller real estate companies and average landowners
is that the expense related to manned videography and photography is cost prohibitive. Typically,
only large businesses, large high end real estate companies and high net worth landowners are able
to absorb such an enormous expense. This deprives non-luxury landowners and small revenue real
estate companies from the enjoying the benefit of this valuable marketing and promotional tool.
Manned aircraft pose a clear threat to the general public through potential catastrophic crashes that
may occur. There are many documented events where a manned aircraft has crashed into
populated areas with the size and combustibility of these manned aircraft causing large property
damage, human injuries and loss of life. SkyViewHD's UAs pose no such threat since size and
lack of combustible fuel alleviates any of these potential threat to the public.

         With the passage of the Reform Act, Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the
public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAs into the national airspace system. The grant
of the exemption request by SkyViewHD furthers the public interest through academic and visual
awareness of the geographical benefits of certain areas and by making this cost effective alternative
available to small real estate companies and the average landowner. SkyViewHD's ultralight UAs
are battery powered and create no emissions that may harm the environment. In the unlikely event
of a SkyViewHD UA crash, the consequence is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft, which are heavy and contain combustible fuel, crashing and causing catastrophic
devastation to the public.

         The public's interest is furthered as SkyViewHD minimizes ecological and crash threat by
permitting aerial videography and photography captured through SkyViewHD's battery operated
ultralight UA's. Permitting SkyViewHD to immediately fly within national air space furthers not
only public safety but economic growth. Granting SkyViewHD's exemption request substantially
furthers the economic impact for any community and for companies looking to relocate or build
in a certain community as well as individuals looking to relocate to a community for career
advancement through academic and geographical awareness provided by SkyViewHD. In the end,
the granting of this exemption to SkyViewHD will serve as a benefit and stimulus to any
community.

                                                               7

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
              SKYVIEWHD'S EXEMPTION WILL NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT
                   SAFETY AND WILL PROVIDE A LEVEL OF SAFETY AT
                        LEAST EQUAL TO EXISTING FAA STANDARDS

         SkyViewHD's exemption will not adversely affect safety, as it will in fact enhance safety.
SkyViewHD's ability to log significant, controlled and monitored flight time in FAA controlled
airspace will allow SkyViewHD to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new, novel
and undiscovered safety protocols for realtors that may be embraced by the NAR7 through
consistent and ongoing cooperation with the FAA. Additionally, the FAA may utilize the new
safety protocols for the use of UAs in FAA controlled airspace for all industries.

         SkyViewHD submits the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography:

         SkyViewHD's UAs weigh less than 5 pounds (2.26796 Kg) complete with the camera and
         gimbal assembly;
         SkyViewHD will only operate its UAs below three hundred (300) feet which is well within
         the four hundred (400) feet ceiling having been established by the Reform Act of 2012;
         SkyViewHD's UAs only operate for fifteen (15) minutes per flight;
         SkyViewHD lands its UAs prior to manufacturer's recommended minimum level of battery
         power;
         SkyViewHD's pilots operate the UAs through Visual Line of Sight only;
         SkyViewHD's UAs have a GPS flight safety feature whereby the UA hovers and then
         slowly lands if communication with the pilot is lost;
         SkyViewHD actively analyzes flight data and other sources of information to constantly
         update and enhance its safety protocols;
         SkyViewHD only operates in reasonably safe environments which are strictly controlled
         and away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
         SkyViewHD conducts extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol to ensure safety
         remains the primary concern;
         SkyViewHD always obtains all necessary permissions from the FAA and landowners prior
         to the operation its UAs and;
         SkyViewHD has established safety procedures in place to abort flights in the event of
         safety breaches or any potential danger.

7 National Association of Realtors, http://www.realtor.org/

                                                               8

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         SkyViewHD's safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing
FAA rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAs into our national
airspace system, manned fixed wing airplanes and helicopters are the primary means of aerial
videography and photography for community awareness and real estate uses. While the safety
record of such helicopters is outstanding, there have been incidents involving loss of life as well
as extensive property damage due to crashes of these manned aircraft and it is far safer and less
expensive to operate a battery powered SkyViewHD's ultralight UAs to accomplish the same task.
The potential for loss of life is great diminished with a UA as SkyViewHD's UAs carry no people
or fuel on board and the UAs are also very small and versatile which allows SkyViewHD to avoid
hazards quickly and safely.

         Accordingly, SkyViewHD respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.

                      AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         SkyViewHD proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have
the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for
at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory
structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the operations
conducted with conventional aircraft. The FAA has noted in past exemptions that "Conventional
aerial video operations, using jet or piston-powered aircraft present risks associated with aircraft
that weigh in the neighborhood of 5,000 to 7,000 pounds or more, carry large quantities of fuel,
passengers, and, in some cases, cargo. Such aircraft must fly to and from the survey location.
Please see FAA Exemption 11110.

         These limitations and conditions to which SkyViewHD agrees to be bound when
conducting all operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

         1. The UAs will weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg).
         2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be fifteen (15) minutes.

               Flights will be terminated at thirty percent (30%) battery power reserve should that
               occur prior to the fifteen (15) minute limit.
         3. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred (300) feet AGL.
         4. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UA Pilot and a Visual Observer
               ("VO").
         5. The UA pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate
               and at least a current third-class medical certificate.
         6. The UA Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).

                                                               9

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         7. The UAs will only operate within an area as defined in SkyViewHD's Confidential
               Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         8. A briefing will be conducted with regard to the planned UA operations prior to flight
               operations. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties
               with regard to the flight operations be present for this briefing.

         9. The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation of UAs generally and received
               up-to-date information on the particular UA to be operated and the UA will be
               operated in conformity with SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls
               Exhibit.

         10. The PIC and VO will at all times be able to communicate via voice communication.
         11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holder(s), or their

               authorized representative(s), will be obtained.
         12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county

               or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
               governmental agencies.
         13. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA will return to the
               launch site of the UA, or another more appropriate site, and land.
         14. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
               emergencies.

                                    14 C.F.R. PART 21, SUBPART H:
                 AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATES 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (A) (1)

         Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for
the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by SkyViewHD, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333
of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and
proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UA. In all cases, an analysis of these
criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional
aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the
restrictions and conditions proposed.

         The UAs to be operated hereunder is less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) fully loaded,
carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and
operates exclusively within a secured area as set out in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and

                                                              10

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
Controls Exhibit. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly
controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols
and Controls Exhibit, and under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety
requirements, to provide security for the area of operation as is now done with conventional aerial
videography and photography. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is
no credible threat to national security posed by the UAs, due to its size, speed of operation, location
of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a
substantial external load.

                      14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (B). MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

         The regulation requires:
             When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number
             is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
             provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft
             near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
             inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
             "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         Even though the UAs will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed
as the UAs will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the words "limited,"
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," may be placed. Given the size of the
UAs, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "experimental," or any other term as is so
required, will be placed on the fuselage of the UAs in compliance with §45.29 (f).

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the UAs marked on its fuselage
as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAs will see the
identification of the UAs as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

           14 C.F.R. § 61.113(A) & (B); 61.133(A): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES
  ANDLIMITATIONS; PILOT IN COMMAND; COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES

                            AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN COMMAND

         Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UA in this case is remotely
controlled with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an
individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. SkyViewHD respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take

                                                              11

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
into account the characteristics of the particular UA. SkyViewHD's UAs have various built-in
technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the operating
conditions set forth in the exemption application including a fly back to launch point to terminate
the flight.

    · Detection of lost GPS or of insufficient satellites initiates an immediate return to launch
         location.

    · Low power on the aircraft triggers escalating alarms at 30% and 15% levels.
    · The aircraft weighs less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), fully loaded.

         Given these safety features, SkyViewHD proposes that operators of the UAs should only
be required to hold a private pilot's license and not a commercial pilot's license.

         SkyViewHD notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of UAs
by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where
the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. Please see Federal Aviation
Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval,
at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to
waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

         Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
allowing operation of SkyViewHD's UAs without a commercial pilot's license, under the
conditions set forth herein.

         The risks associated with the operation of SkyViewHD's UAs (given its size, speed,
operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAs as set forth
above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and
does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under §61.133(a).

         Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
UAs will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level
of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate these small UAs. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAs are remotely controlled with no living thing
on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.
The level of safety provided by the requirements included in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols

                                                              12

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
and Controls Exhibit exceed that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's
certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the UAs
are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by
Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the UAs as requested with a private pilot as the
PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

                   14 C.F.R. §91.7(A): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS

         The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given
the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols
and Controls Exhibit for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each flight.

   14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (B) (2): CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

         Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

             No person may operate a U.S. registered civil aircraft ...

             (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of
             this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
             Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or
             any combination thereof.

         The UAs, given their size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

         The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping SkyViewHD's Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UAs will have
immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Please
see FAA Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
32827, and 10700.

                               14 C.F.R. § 91.103: PREFLIGHT ACTION

         This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the

                                                              13

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth
in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. The PIC will take all actions
including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft
performance data before initiation of flight.

                             14 C.F.R. §91.109: FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

         Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

         UAs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with
the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training
without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in
experimental aircraft. Please see FAA Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of
safety is provided as neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size
and speed of the aircraft.

                         14 C.F.R. §91.119: MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA.
As this exemption is for UAs that are a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate
at altitudes up to three hundred (300) feet AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in SkyViewHD's
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit, the UAs will never operate at higher than three
hundred (300) feet AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter,
where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAs as
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner(s), or their
authorized representative(s), all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations
as set forth in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. When one compares
the flight operations proposed herein with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far in excess of the less
than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with these
proposed operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating

                                                              14

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
at or below five hundred (500) feet AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the UAs will
ensure separation between these small UAs operations and the operations of conventional aircraft
that must comply with Section 91.119.

                              14 C.F.R. §91.121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the UA may not have a barometric altimeter, but
instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will
be achieved by the operator, pursuant to SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

SkyViewHD believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to
fifteen (15) minutes or thirty percent (30%) of battery power whichever happens first. This
restriction would be more than adequate to return the UAs to their planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.

         Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673, and 10808.

                        14 C.F.R. §91.203 (A) AND (B): CARRYING CIVIL
                      AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION AND REGISTRATION

         The regulation provides in pertinent part:

             (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
                  within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .

                                                              15

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
                  (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                  required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                  under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                  passengers or crew.

         The UAs fully loaded weight is no greater than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) and is
operated without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and
registration documents or to display them on the UA.

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate access to them to the extent they
are applicable to the UA. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

                   14 C.F.R. §91.405 (A); 407 (A) (1); 409 (A) (2); 417(A) & (B):
                                    MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to SkyViewHD. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in SkyViewHD's Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small
UAs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for
limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAs may land immediately and will be
operating from no higher than three-hundred (300) feet AGL. As provided in SkyViewHD's
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit, the operator will ensure that the UAs are in working
order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to
maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

                                                    *********

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

                                                              16

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         SkyViewHD seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7 (a); 91.9
         (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407
         (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small
         unmanned vehicle weighing less than fifty-five (55) pounds (25 Kg) in its operations.

         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAs in the purposes outlined
above (or similar operations) will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial
videography and photography operations, using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely
low altitudes just feet from the object being photographed and often in extreme proximity to people
and structures; and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of
four thousand (4,000) pounds, carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (one hundred and forty
(140) gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must fly to and from the site's location. In contrast,
a UA weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg) pounds and powered by batteries eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The
UA is carried to the site of the purposes outlined above (or similar operations) and not flown to
the site. The UA will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

         The operation of small UAs, weighing less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), conducted
in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting SkyViewHD from the requirements
of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional
operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and
people.

                                                    PRIVACY

         All flights will occur over private, controlled or approved property with the property
owner's, or their authorized representative, prior consent and knowledge. The aerial videography
and photography will be of structures and property whose owner, or authorized representative, has
consented to the aerial videography and photography or otherwise have agreed to be in the area
where aerial videography and photography will take place. The grant of this exemption request
will provide improved safety in all operations.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 - size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual
line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the granting of

                                                              17

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of SkyViewHD's UAs pursuant to
SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit attached hereto.

          SUMMARY OF SKYVIEWHD'S REQUEST FOR AN FAA EXEMPTION

         1. SkyViewHD's UAs must weigh less than five (5) pounds (2.26796 Kg), including
energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by the grant of an exemption are limited
to the following aircraft described in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit:
SkyViewHD's UA aircraft variant, bearing serial #DJIP2-001-614 onward as additional UAs are
utilized by SkyViewHD provided the additional UAs are of the same or similar specifications as
the UA bearing serial # DJIP2-001-614. Any proposed operations of any other aircraft will require
a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

         2.  SkyViewHD's UAs may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding thirty (30)
knots.

         3. SkyViewHD's flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than three hundred
(300) feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in SkyViewHD's
Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4. SkyViewHD's UAs must be operated within the VLOS of the PIC at all times. This
requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses,
as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

         5. All SkyViewHD operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must
be able to communicate verbally at all times.

         6. SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit to be deemed as
considered as acceptable to the FAA provided additional requirements as identified by the FAA
from time to time are added to or amended in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit. SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit and any grant of exemption
must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request.

         7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition for
safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UA, the aircraft
is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UA is
found to be in a condition for safe flight. A Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included

                                           18

             SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                  Phone: 407-920-2020
in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
aircraft records.

         8. Any UA that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UA's
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight in accordance with SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls
Exhibit. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UA's aircraft
records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record
entry must be added to SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         9. SkyViewHD must follow the manufacturer's UA aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements must
be established and identified in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit. At a
minimum, requirements for the following must be included in SkyViewHD's Confidential
Protocols and Controls Exhibit:

         a. Actuators/Servos;
         b. Transmission (single rotor);
         c. Power plant (motors);
         d. Propellers;
         e. Electronic speed controller;
         f. Batteries;
         g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
         h. Remote command and control;
         i. Ground control station (if used); and
         j. Any other components as determined by SkyViewHD.

         10. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

         11. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of twenty-five (25) hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot (single blade
or multi-rotor) and at least ten (10) hours logged as a UA pilot with multi-rotor UA which is similar
to the UA to be utilized pursuant to this exemption. Prior documented flight experience that was
obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training,
proficiency, and experience-building flights must be conducted under an exemption to accomplish

                                                              19

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
the required flight cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR §
91.119.

         12. Prior to operations conducted for the purposes outlined above (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of five (5) hours as a UA pilot operating the make and model of UAs to be
utilized for operations under the exemption and three (3) take-offs and three (3) landings in the
preceding ninety (90) days. Training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing
currency flights can be conducted under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight
time and ninety (90) day currency. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off
and landing currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants
in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

         13. SkyViewHD shall not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
videography or photography (or similar operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged
in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
structures.

         14. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
consenting personnel and persons, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UA's failure or an emergency.

         15. SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit outlines safety
mitigations for authorized and consenting production personnel. At all times, those persons must
be essential to the purposes outlined above (or similar operations). Because these procedures are
specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or aviation safety inspector approval is
necessary for reductions to the distances specified in SkyViewHD's manuals.

         16. SkyViewHD's flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all
nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                      persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
                      must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
                                                              20

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
                      situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
                      within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                      owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                      and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those
                      objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
                  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not
                      present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

         17. If the UAs lose communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAs must return to a
pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with
SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         18. The UAs must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies
in accordance with SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         19. Each UA operation must be completed within fifteen (15) minutes flight time or
with thirty percent (30%) battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

         20. SkyViewHD must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption.
This COA will also require SkyViewHD to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than
seventy-two (72) hours in advance, but not less than forty-eight (48) hours prior to the operation.

         21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

         22. SkyViewHD has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the
UA's maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
component parts, and the total time in service of the UAs and these procedures are contained in
SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         23. Each UA operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.

         24. The preflight inspection section in SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and
Controls Exhibit includes the following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all

                                                              21

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant
preflight inspection sections of SkyViewHD's Confidential Protocols and Controls Exhibit.

         25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

         26. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
PIC at the Ground Control Station, if utilized, of the UA at any time the UA is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
request.

         27. SkyViewHD's UAs must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other
manned operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

         28. SkyViewHD's UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14
CFR § 1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

         29. SkyViewHD's UAs may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or
vehicle.

         30. SkyViewHD's UAs may not be operated less than five-hundred (500) feet below
or less than two-thousand (2,000) feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than
three (3) statute miles from the PIC.

         31. SkyViewHD's UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written
approval from the FAA. The UA may not operate within five (5) nautical miles of the geographic
center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless
a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted
in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the SkyViewHD's COA. The letter of agreement
with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

         32. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's
UA Integration Office (AFS-80) within twenty-four (24) hours. Accidents must be reported to the
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
www.ntsb.gov.

                                                              22

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
         33. SkyViewHD's UAs, the UA's PIC, and the UA's operations must comply with all
applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

         As mentioned above, the FAA has already granted a previous exemption which is
essentially identical to the exemption being sought by SkyViewHD in this petition for an
exemption. Please see FAA Exemption No. 11138.

         Therefore, SkyViewHD respectfully requests the FAA grant an exemption pursuant to its
application as outlined above.
Sincerely,

Philip A. K. Stiles, Esquire
President and General Counsel
GPS Development, LLC d/b/a SkyViewHD

                                                              23

                                    SkyViewHD, 275 Eagle Knob Pointe, Lake Mary, FL 32746
                                                         Phone: 407-920-2020
