May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11565
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0411

Mr. Gregory Dirk Sichel
3900 County Line Road
Suite 4A
Tequesta, FL 33469

Dear Mr. Sichel:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography for the education of real estate professionals and
real estate marketing purposes.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Gregory Dirk Sichel is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Gregory Dirk Sichel is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
FAA Exemption Rulemaking
Section 333

Of The FAA Reform Act and Part 11

Prepared by              Private Pilot

Gregory Dirk Sichel

February 12, 2015

3900 County Line Road
Suite 4A
Tequesta, Florida 33469

512-430-2227I dirksichel@gmail.com

                                        Page 1 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
Attention: United States Secretary of Transportation Mr.
Anthony R. Foxxo 1200 New Jersey Ave., SEDWashington,
DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR
61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103 (b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121;
91.151 (a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b)

Attachments:
1) Inspire 1 User manual Vl.O 2014.12
2) Inspire 1 (Quick Start Guide) Vl.O
3) Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines Vl.O 2014.12

References:
1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140481
In the matter of the petition of DOUGLAS TRUDEAU

Dear Mr. Secretary,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
Reform Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, Gregory Dirk Sichel, private pilot, and operator
of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct aerial
photography for the education of real estate professionals and real estate
marketing purposes, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so
long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled
conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined and 3) controlled as to
access. Approval of this exemption would thereby fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333
(c) of the Reform Act.

Sincerely;

Gregory Dirk Sichel              Page 2 of17
3900 County Line Road, Suite 4A
Tequesta, Florida 33469

Gregory Dirk Sichel
The name and address of the applicant is:

Gregory Dirk Sichel
3900 County Line Road, Suite 4A
Tequesta, Florida 33469

Private Pilot FAA 3575382
512-430-2227

dirksichel@gmail.com
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.109
14CFR91.119
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in
passing Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This directs the Secretary
of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability:

· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas;
and

· Operation of the UAS within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of the Pilot and
Observers. Reform Act §333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that
such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333 (c) (emphasis added).
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue

                                                              Page 3 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
         exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil
         aircraft, as the term is defined under §401 01 of the Act; that includes
         sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
         airworthiness certificate. The Administrator may grant an exemption from
         a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this
         section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds
         the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44704; 14 CFR §91.203
         (a) (1).

Gregory Dirk Sichel's UAS(s) are small rotorcraft aircraft, the DJI Inspire 1,
weighing less than1 0 lbs. including sensor payload. They operate their rotorcraft,
under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 20 knots, usually 3-5 knots,
and have the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. They will manually operate only in Visual Line of Sight and will
operate only within the operating parameters as described in the Operating
Manual attached as Attachment1.

Adherence to the Operating Manual will insure that the sUAS will "not create a
hazard to the national airspace system or the public."

Given the small size and weight of the sUAS involved and the restricted sterile
environment within which they will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that
zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that
the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence
immediately. Also due to the size of the UASs and the areas in which the
relevant sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the
authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong
equivalent level of safety, surrounding the proposed operations, and significant
public benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impact,
including reduced emissions associated with allowing UASs for educational and
marketing operations, (as opposed to full scale aircraft), the granting of the
requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft
that have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein.
These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or possibly higher level of
safety to operations under the current regulator structure because the proposed
operations represent a safety enhancement to the already safe filming operations
conducted with conventional aircraft. These limitations and condition to which
Gregory Dirk Sichel agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations
under an FAA issued exemption include:

                     Page 4 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
1. The sUAS will weigh less than 10 lbs.

2. Flights will be operated manually within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot and aircrew

           (Spotter I Observer).

3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. Flights will be

           terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 20 minute limit.

4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL, though most

           operations will be conducted within 50 feet of the ground

5. Minimum two (2) man crew for each sUAS operation will consist of the Pilot and Spotter I

           Observer. In most cases the third aircrew member will serve as the Safety Officer.

6. The sUAS Pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate

           and third class medical and valid driver's license.

7. The sUAS Pilot will serve as Pilot in Command (PIC). If a pilot certificate holder, other

           than the sUAS Pilot, possesses the necessary PIC qualifications and is also present, that

           person can also be designated as PIC.

8. The sUAS will only operate within an area of Palm Beach, Broward, Martin and Vera

           Counties, Florida.

9. Additionally, the sUAS will only operate under 400ft AGL, and outside a 5 statute mile

           radius of any airport. The sUAS will never enter any MOA or Restricted Airspace, nor

           shall it violate any TFR as outlined by the FAA.

9. A pre-flight briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operation prior to

           each day's flying I recording activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be

           performing duties as "flight crew" be present for this briefing.

10.  The Operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the filming and ensure that
     only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation, and this
     radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety determination.

11 . Pilot and Spotter (Observer) will have been trained in operation of sUAS generally and

          received up-to-date information on the particular sUAS to be operated as required.

12. Spotter (Observer) and Pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice or radio.

13. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.

                                          Page 5 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
14. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have capability to

           return to a pre-determined location and land.

15. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or

          emergencies.

A. The sUAS Pilot in Command (PIC) shall possess at a minimum, a private pilot certificate
and current third-class medical certificate.

         i. The PIC shall also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR §61.56
in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on their pilot certificate.

         ii. The PIC shall be trained in the operation of the specific make and model of the
sUAS being piloted and successfully completed all training required.

          iii. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
§61.51 (b), a minimum of200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a sUAS rotorcraft
pilot and at least five hours logged as a sUAS pilot with a similar sUAS type (multirotor or
helicopter). Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with
applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.

         iv. The PIC shall have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
§61.51 (b), a minimum of five hours as sUAS pilot operating the make and model ofsUAS to
be utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and three landings in the
preceding 90 days.

         v. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under
this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time.

1. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not
essential for flight operations are considered non-participants, and the PIC must
operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from non-participants in accordance
with 14 CFR §91.119.

B. The sUAS Safety Observer (SO) shall meet all training requirements and be responsible
for all of his/her duties as set forth by GCUAS sUAS Operating Manual.

C. The PIC and SO will be designated before each flight

i. Minimum crew for each flight operation will consist of the sUAS PIC and SO.

D. The PIC and SO shall always be within visual line of sight (VLOS) of each other and in
direct verbal communication at all times.

E. Safety Briefings shall be conducted before each day's activities to include, but not limited
to:

    1. Designated roles ofPIC and SO                     Page 6 of17
Gregory Dirk Sichel
    11. Risk Management and Mitigation
F. Liability Insurance
General Liability Insurance shall be maintained in the amount of 500,000/100,000.

DJI Inspire

Model                                     T600
Weight (Battery Included)
Hovering Accuracy (Vertical)              2935 g         103.5 Ounces              6.5 lbs.

                            (Horizontal)  0.5m           1.6 feet
Max Angular Velocity (Yaw)
Max Tilt Angle                            2.5m           8.2 feet
Max Ascent Speed
Max Decent Speed                          150°/s
Max Speed
Max Flight Time                           35°
Operating Temperature Range
Dimensions                                5 m/s          16.4 feet/s

                                          4m/s           13.1 feet

                                          22m/s          72.2 feet/s

                                          18 minutes

                                          -10° to 40° C

                                          438x451x301 mm 18x18x12 inches

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR §91.203 (a)
(1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural
requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR
§91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H
meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C. §44701 (f))
and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft
from the requirement capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of
the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that
the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted
environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer,
than a conventional aircraft (fixed-wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 10 lbs. fully loaded, carries
neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials nor flammable liquid
fuels, and operates exclusively within a limited radius area as set out in the pre
flight briefing I VLOS operations. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the Operator, pursuant
to safety requirements, and under the requirements and in compliance with local
public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation as is now

                                                                       Page 7 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
done with conventional aircraft. These safety enhancements, which already apply
to civil aircraft operated in connection with video production, provide a greater
degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional operations
conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is
no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of
operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid
fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 CFR §45.23 (B): Marking ofthe Aircraft
The regulation requires:

When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
"restricted", "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on
which the word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAV, two-
inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the
fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV marked on its
fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the Pilot, Spotter (Observer) and others
working with the sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental."
The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions
Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 CFR §61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations - Pilot in Command
(PIC)

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.

Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations
can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the
PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a
commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled
with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted,
and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the
Operating Manual. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in
the Operating Manual meets that provided by single individual holding a
commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted,

                     Page 8 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC
exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 CFR §61.113 (a) & (b).

14 CFR §91.7 (a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in
airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the
aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist
for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements
contained in the Operating Manual for maintenance and use of safety checks
prior to each flight, as set forth in the Operating Manual, an equivalent level of
safety will be provided.

14 CFR §91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil
aircraft ...

(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of
this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
or any combination thereof.

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a
flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but
because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the Operating
Manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have
immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658,
10167, 10167A 10602, 32827, and 10700

14 CFR §91.103: Preflight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before
flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will
not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level
of safety will be provided as set forth in the Operating Manual. The PIC will take
all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and
takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 CFR §91.109: Flight Instruction

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft
has fully functioning dual controls. SUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their
design do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished

                                                                    Page 9 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in

experimental aircraft. See Exemptions Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level

of safety provided by the fact that aircraft will be piloted by a certified private pilot
who has previously trained in remote flight areas before attempting flight within
filming distance of structures.

14 CPR §91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91. 119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section
91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums
prescribed, provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route
or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a
sUAS, Gregory Dirk Sichel requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 ft.
AGL; an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein,
the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 ft. AGL. It will however be
operated in a controlled area where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of
the UAS as well as location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without
the permission of the property owner. Because of the advance notice to the
property owner and participants in the photographic activity, all affected
individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations as set forth in the
Operating Manual. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than the maximum 10 lbs. proposed herein and the lack of
flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those
presently presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 ft. AGL.
In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation
between these small UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft
that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 CPR §91.121 : Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the
sUAS will not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out,
an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
the operator, pursuant to the Operating Manual and Safety Check list, confirming
the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 CPR §91.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)

                     Page 10 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming
normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30
minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 20 minutes of powered
flight. To meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS
flights would be impossible. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight
area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a
longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151 (a) falls within the
scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin
Corporation to operate without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the
small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or
official representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than
30 minutes of reserved fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section
91.151 (a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.
Additionally, limiting sUAS flights would greatly reduce the utility for which the
exemption will be granted.

Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting
flights to 20 minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This
restriction would be more than adequate return the sUAS to its planned landing
zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions
2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 CFR §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
has within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
required by paragraph (b) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
under §91. 715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 10 lbs. and is operated without an
onboard Pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and
registration documents or to display them on the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the
ground control point where the Pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access

                                                             Page 11 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
to them, to the extent they are applicable to the sUAS, and should they be
issued. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665,
9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 CFR §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph C of this section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 43 of this chapter... ," and others
shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be
accomplished by the operator; pursuant to the Operating manual. An equivalent
level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size
and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will
be operating from no higher than 400 ft. AGL. As provided in the Operating
Manual, the PIC (operator) will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, and perform required maintenance. Moreover, the operator is the
person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

                     Page 12 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
*********DPursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for
publication in the Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is
needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: D14 CFR § 21, subpart H;
14 CFR § 45.23 (b); 14 CFR § 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b) (2); 91.103 (b);
91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1);
91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned
vehicle (51bs or less) in Educational and Marketing operations.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property
owner's prior consent and knowledge, or over remote public land. Image capture
of people will rarely take place, but in the event they are, they will have
consented prior to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where
data collection will take place.

Airborne Image Capture

With regard to airborne filming, Gregory Dirk Sichel adheres to all FAA
regulations. Further Gregory Dirk Sichel airborne teams operate under the
principals of: Safety First, Quality Assurance, Accountability, Reporting, and
Training. When approved by the FAA it is Gregory Dirk Sichel's mandate to treat
all sUAS operations the exact same level of professionalism and seriousness as
that of conventional aircraft.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the real
estate industry will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional filming
operations, using turbine or piston powered aircraft present the risks associated
with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 2,0001bs.+, carrying large
amounts of Jet A or 1OOLL (90 gallons for the aircraft primarily used by Gregory
Dirk Sichel). Such aircraft must fly to and from photographing location. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 1Olbs and powered by batteries eliminates
virtually all of the risk given the substantial reduced mass and lack of combustible
fuel carried on board. The sUAS is typically transported to the location via auto or
cargo van in a medium sized case and is never flown to set. The sUAS will carry
no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 1Olbs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting
the grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant
from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These
lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile
environment and, as a result, are far safer than ground than conventional
operations conducted with piston helicopters or fixed wing aircraft operating in

                     Page 13 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
relatively close proximity to the ground and people.

The primary market of interest for Gregory Dirk Sichel utilizing sUASs is the
marketing of real property, and the second is the education of real estate
professionals.

It is anticipated that the airborne image capture process will be accomplished
exclusively in day time VFR environments. To capture the highest quality of
resolution the majority of airborne data collections will take place during the
07:00am- 07:00pm (19:00) window.

Summary

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012-
size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated
areas and operation within visual line of sight and national security- provide
more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions
allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAS in the real estate industry
pursuant to the Operating Manual appended hereto. Gregory Dirk Sichel is
eagerly standing by to support the FAA and sUAS community in its quest to
establish proper regulations and protocols for the safe introduction of unmanned
aircraft into the national airspace.

Sincerely,

 -A~DL~

Gregory Dirk Sichel
3900 County Line Road
Suite 4A
Tequesta, Florida 33469
512-430-2227

                     Page 14 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
                       Exhibit 1
                     DJI Inspire 1
                     User Manual

                                    Page 15 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
  sr

2014.12
Using this manual

"g~g~l')~$, :;~·.

0 Warning  & Important  ~<j:- Hints and Tips  [ilil Reference

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Inspire 1.

1.Disclaimer
2.1n the Box
3.1nspire 1 Quick Start Guide
4.Safety Guidelines
S.lnspire 1 User Manual
6.1ntelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards,
prepare for your first flight by using the Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide. Refer to this manual for more
comprehensive information.

Please watch the tutorial video below to learn how to use Inspire 1 correctly and safely:  ·I!] .
www.dji.com/producVinspire-1/video

·~fJ~l'lJ;ot~¢~rb.~:'~~.t ~,,.ot~~t':>

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before use. Scan the OR code or visit
 "http://m.dji.net/djipilot" to download the app.

For the best experience, use mobile device with Andriod V 4.1.2 or above, iOS version is coming soon.
Contents                                           2
                                                   2
Using this manual                                  2
          Legends                                  2
          Before Flight
          Watch the video tutorials                6
          Download the DJI Pilot app               6
                                                   7
Product Profile                                    9
          Introduction                             9
          Feature Highlights
          Assemble the Aircraft                   12
          Aircraft Diagram                        12
          Remote Controller Diagram               12
                                                  13
Aircraft                                          15
          Flight Controller                       16
          Flight Mode                             17
           Flight Status Indicator                17
           Return to Home (RTH)                   18
           Dynamic Home Point
          Vision Positioning System               24
           Flight Recorder                        24
          Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  29
           DJIIntelligent Flight Battery          31
                                                  32
Remote Controllers                                33
           Remote Controller Profile
           Remote Controller Operations           35
           Dual Remote Controllers Mode           36
           Remote Controller Status LED
           Linking the Remote Controller
           Remote Controller Compliance Version

Gimbal and Camera
           Camera Profile
           Gimbal
DJI Pilot App                                        40
          Camera                                     43
          Map                                        43
          Academy                                    43
          User Center
                                                     45
Flight                                               45
          Flight Environment Requirements            49
          Flight Limits and Flight Restriction Area  49
           Preflight Checklist                       50
           Calibrating the Compass                   51
          Auto Take-off and Auto Landing             51
           Starting/Stopping the Motors
           Flight Test                               57
                                                     60
FAQ                                                  61
                                                     62
Appendix
           Specifications
           Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
           How to Update Firmware
           FCC Compliance
              rofile

This chapter describes the features of
Inspire 1, instructs you to assemble the
aircraft and explains the components on
the aircraft and remote controllers.
Product Profile

The Inspire 1 is brand new quadcopter capable of capturing 4K video and transmitting an HD video
signal (up to 2km) to multiple devices straight out of the box. Equipped with retractable landing gear, it
can capture an unobstructed 360 degree view from its camera. The built-in camera has an integrated
gimbal to maximize stability and weight efficiency while minimizing space. When no GPS signal is
available, Vision Positioning technology provides hovering precision.

Camera and Gimbal: Up to 4K video recording and 12 megapixel photo capture. Reserved mounting
space for ND filters for better exposure control. New quick-release mount allows you to remove the
camera with ease.

HD Video Downlink: Low latency, HD downlink powered by an enhanced version of the DJI Lightbridge
system. It also provides dual controllers mode.

Landing gear: Retractable landing gear that enables an unobstructed panoramic view from the camera.
DJI Intelligent Flight Battery: 4500 mAh DJI Intelligent Flight Battery employs new battery cells and a
battery management system.

Flight Controller: The next generation flight controller system provides a more reliable flight experience.
A new flight recorder stores the flight data from each flight, and Vision Positioning enhances hovering
precision when no GPS is available.
                                                                             INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Unlocking Travel Mode

The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it to Landing Mode before
your first flight
i. Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.
2. Power on the Remote Controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times.
4. Power off the aircraft.

t 1 ~ij __..                   __..

Travel Mode  Togglex4                                                        Landing Mode

Lt. · Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to "Charging the Intelligent

           Flight Battery" (P2i) for more information .
        · If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote

           controller to deactivate Travel Mode. Refer to "Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode" (P30)
           section for more infromation about Master remote controller.
        · Be sure to remove the gimbal from the aircraft before switch from Landing Mode to Travel Mode.
        · Place the aircraft on the smooth and reflective surface (e.g. table or tile) before switching between
          the travel modes to the landing mode. Do not place the aircraft on the rough and sound-absorbing
           surface (e.g. carpet) before switching between the travel modes and landing mode.

Installing Gimbal and Camera

1. Remove Gimbal Cover.
2. Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when facing the nose of the aircraft).
3. Insert the gimbal by aligning the white mark on the Gimbal.
4. Rotate the Gimbal Lock back into the locked position.

             Gimbal Lock
             Mounting Place
             Gimbal Connector

                                                                     Locked

Lt. Ensure the Micro-SO card is correctly inserted into the camera.
       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

      Attaching Propellers

       Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
       Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a black dot and spin clockwise to secure.

"0

0

0...
c

2

-"....0.

0

     & Place all propellers onto the correct motor and tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

      Preparing Remote Controller

       Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust the antenna as shown.
        1. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder to release the clamp, adjust it to fit then attach

            your mobile device.
        2. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable.
       3. Plug one end of the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

            the remote controller.
                                                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                                                                [1] GPS

                                                                [2] Propeller (P17)

                                                           [2]

                          - [3]                                 [3] Motor

                                                           [4]

[6] [4] Front LED (P12)

                                                                [5] Landing gear                                      \J
                                                                [6] Gimbal and Camera (P37)
                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                      Q_

                                                                                                                      cg_

                                                                                                                      \J
                                                                                                                      0
                                                                                                                      :::!:

                                                                [7] Intelligent Flight Battery (P18)                  CD

                                                           [9]

[11] [10] [8] Aircraft Micro-USB Port

                                                                [9] Rear LED (P12)

                                                                [10] Camera Micro-USB Port

                                                                [11] Camera Micro-SO Card Slot (P35)

                                                           [12]

                                                                              [12] Vision Positioning Sensors (P16)
                                                                              [13] Aircraft Status Indicator (P13)

                          ·-·----·-·- [2]                       [1] Antennas (P29)
                                                                    Relays aircraft control and video signal.
                          ¢t:.~~--+-- [3]
                                                                [2] Mobile Device Holder
[9] ---H-----"""""""=c=~  <""""=--1-1--- [4]                        Mounting place for your mobile device.
[8] ---H-----'-'~":J                                  [5]
                                                                [3] Control Stick
                          ~-----1+-- [6]                            Controls aircraft orientation.

                                                                [4] Return Home (RTH) Button (P13)
                                                                     Press and hold the button to initiate Return to
                                                                     Home(RTH).

                                                                [5] Transformation Switch (P27)
                                                                    Toggle the switch up or down to raise or lower
                                                                    the landing gear.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual                    [8] Power Button
                                             Used to power on or power off the remote controller.
[6] Battery Level LEOs
    Displays the current battery level.  [9] RTH LED
                                             Circular LED around the RTH button displays RTH status.
[7] Status LED
    Displays the power status.

[1 0] Camera Settings Dial                                                                    [16] [17] [18] [19]
      Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.
      Only functions when the remote controller is                                    I
      connected to a mobile device running the DJI
      Pilotapp.                                                     [15] --At-~lF1--r9fi~(

[11] Playback Button                                                [14]-·
      Playback the captured images or videos.                                                                                              -[12]

[12] Shutter Button                                                 [18] CAN Bus Port
      Press to take a photo. If in burst mode, the                         Reserved for future use.
      set number of photos will be taken with one
      press.                                                        [19] USB Port
                                                                           Connect to mobile device to access all of the
[13] Flight Mode Switch                                                    DJI Pilot app controls and features.
      Used to switch between P, A and F mode.
                                                                    [20] GPS Module
[14] Video Recording Button                                                Used to pinpoint the location of the remote
      Press to start recording video. Press again to                       controller.
      stop recording.
                                                                    [21] Back Left Button
[15] Gimbal Dial                                                           Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
      Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.
                                                                    [22] Power Port
[16] Micro-USB Port                                                        Connect to a power source to charge the
      For connecting the remote controller to your                         remote controller's internal battery.
      computer.
                                                                     [23] Back Right Button
[17] Mini-HDMI Port                                                        Customizable button in DJI Pilot app.
      Connect an HD compatible monitor to this
      port to get a live HD video preview of what the
      camera sees.

                                            /,..----- · - - - [20]
Aire

This chapter describes the features of
the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
System and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
    Aircraft

    ··,~l}~~f¢~~~r~,l'l~t '~:,~,;,

       The Inspire 1's flight controller is based on OJI flight controller with several enhancements such as new
       flight mode and new safe mode. Three safe modes are available: Failsafe, Return Home and Dynamic
       Home Point. These features ensure the safe return of your aircraft if the control signal is lost. A flight
       recorder stores crucial flight data for each flight.

       Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found in the section below:
)> P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P

       mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
       Positioning sensors:

             P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
             P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision
             Positioning for hovering
             P-ATII: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,
             so only altitude is controlled.
       A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft
       only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically
       return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
       F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
       about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.

         :\): Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight
                  Mode Switch" on P27 for more information.

        The INSPIRE 1 comes with the Front LED, Rear LED and Aircraft Status Indicator. The positions of these
        LEOs are shown in the figure below:

                                                                                                                                            ---Aircraft Status Indicator

Front LED  Rear LED

The Front and Rear LED show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LED displays solid red and the
Rear LED displays solid green.
Aircraft Status Indicator shows the system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more
information about the Aircraft Status Indicator:
                                                                                 INSPIRE 1 User lvlanual

Normal

-:ifiF:~':i'Y>······ Red, Green and Yellow Flash  Power on and self-check
Alternatively

:;~J:-!:',Y;f ······Green and Yellow Flash Alternatively Aircraft warming up

······Green Flashes Slowly                        Safe to Fly (P mode with GPS and Vision Positioning)

iGtX2 ······Green Flashes Twice                   Safe to Fly (P mode with Vision Positioning but without GPS)

······Yellow Flashes Slowly                       Safe to Fly (A mode but No GPS and Vision Positioning)

Warning

    ······Fast Yellow Flashing                    Remote Controller Signal Lost
-43'1.~ ······Slow Red Flashing                   Low Battery Warning
                                                  Critical Low Battery Warning
-(fi\- ······ Fast Red Flashing

:j.B): ······ Red Flashing Alternatively          IMU Error
                                                  Critical Error
-\R'-- Solid Red

······Red and Yellow Flash Alternatively Compass Calibration Required

The Return to Home (RTH) brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Horne Point. There are three cases
that will trigger RTH procedure; they are Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH and Failsafe RTH.

       ~     GPS                                                  De?cription    --
      t.:.P
                                          The Home Point is the location at which your aircraft takes off when the
Home Point
                                          GPS signal is strong. You can view the GPS signal strength through

                                          the GPS icon ( ~ 111 : ). If you are using the Dynamic Home Point

                                          setting, the Horne Point will be updated to your current position as you

                                          move around and when the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks green.

Smart RTH

Using the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on P28 for more information) or the
RTH button in the DJI Pilot app when GPS is available to enables smart RTH. The aircraft return to the
latest recorded Home Point, you may control the aircraft's orientation to avoid collision during the Smart
RTH. Press the Smart RTH button once to start the process, press the Smart RTH button again to exit
Smart RTH and regain the control.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Low Battery RTH
The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when these warnings are shown. DJI Pilot app will advise user to return the aircraft to the Home Point
when low battery warning is triggered. Aircraft will automatically return to the Home Point if no action is
taken after 10 seconds countdown. User can cancel the RTH by pressing once on the RTH button. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its
distance from the Home Point.
Aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft to land to the ground
from the current altitude. User can use the remote controller to control the aircraft's orientation during the
landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below

               Critical Low battery level                 Sufficient battery
               warning(Red)                               level(Green)

               j_                          Low battery                        Remaining flight time
                                           level warning

                                           ""6"Cc 'OCToCor-- O··'<

                                                          Power requires
                                                          to return home

                                           Battery level indicator

Battery Level  Remark                      Aircraft Status                DJI Pilotapp               Flight Instructions-
  Warning_                                    Indicator

Low battery    The battery                 Aircraft status   Tap "Go-home" to have                   Fly the aircraft
level warning  power is low.               indicator blinks  the aircraft return to the              back and land
               Please land the             RED slowly.       Home point and land                     it as soon as
               aircraft.                                     automatically, or "Cancel" to           possible, then
                                                             resume normal flight. If no             stop the motors
                                                             action is taken, the aircraft           and replace the
                                                             will automatically go home              battery.
                                                             and land after 10 seconds.
                                                             Remote controller will sound
                                                             an alarm.

Critical Low   The aircraft                Aircraft status   The DJI Pilot app screen will           The aircraft
battery level  must land                   indicator blinks  flash red and aircraft starts to        will begin to
warning        immediately.                RED quickly.      descend. Remote controller              descend and land
                                                             will sound an alarm.                    automatically.
Estimated
remaining      Estimated                   N/A                            N/A                        N/A
flight time    remaining flight
               based on current
               battery level.
                                                                                   INSPIRE 1 User lvlanual

:\)~ · When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land
          automatically, you may push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more
          appropriate location for landing.

        · Color zones and markers on the battery level indicator reflect estimated remaining flight time
          and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

Failsafe RTH                                                                                                        )>

Failsafe RTH is activated automatically if remote controller signal (including video relay signal) is lost for
more than 3 seconds provided that Home Point has been successfully recorded and compass is working
normally. Return home process may be interrupted and the operator can regain control over the aircraft if
a remote controller signal is resumed.

Failsafe Illustration

1 Record Home Point (HP)    2 Confirm Home Point                                   3 Remote Controller Signal Lost

Blinking Green              Blinking Green                                         Fast Blinking Yellow

4 Signal Lost Lasts 3secs.  5 Go Home(20m can be set)                              6 Landing after Hovering 15secs

Fast Blinking Yellow                ~ HP>20~He1ghtover                                   ~
                                      p1· . .2om Elevate to 20m ~                           ,.

                                          @ r"'                                                      @

                                                           He1ght over HP<;;;2Qrn  Fast Blinking Yellow

                            Fast Blinking Yellow

it, · Aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore it is important to set an

          reasonable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera"
          view and select "MODE" to set the Failsafe altitude.
        · Aircraft will stop ascending and immediately return to the Home Point if you move the throttle
          stick during the Failsafe.

Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home Point that is
different from the takeoff point. GPS module is located at the position shown in the figure below:

Lt. Ensure the space above the GPS module is not obstructed when using Dynamic Home Point.
       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

       There are two options for Dynamic Home Point.
       1. Set the aircraft current coordinate as the new Home Point.
       2. Set the remote controller's coordinate as the new Home Point.

       Setting Up Dynamic Home Point
       Follow the steps below to setup Dynamic Home Point:
        1. Connect to the mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the "Camera" page.
       2. Tap"."and select""9', to reset the remote controller's coordinates as the new Home Point.
       3. Tap"."and select".~", to reset the aircraft's coordinates as the new Home Point.
       4. The aircraft status indicator blinks green to show Home Point is set succesfully.

)>

       DJI Vision Positioning is a positioning system that uses ultrasonic and image data to help the aircraft
       identify its current position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Inspire 1 can hover in place more
       precisely and fly indoors or in other environments where there is no GPS signal available. The main
       components of DJI Vision Positioning are located on the bottom of your Inspire 1, including [1]two sonar
       sensors and[2]one monocular camera.

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Inspire 1 is powered on. No manual action is
required. Vision Positioning is typically used in the indoor environment where no GPS is available. By
using the sensors on the Vision Positioning system, Inspire 1 can perform precision hovering even when
no GPS is available.

                     ~7

   ¥  0
    '.::::~::/
/  ~            ~
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:
1. Toggle the switch to "P" as shown the figure to the right:
2. Place the Inspire 1 on a flat surface. Notice that the Vision Positioning system

    cannot work properly on surfaces without pattern variations.
3. Power on the Inspire 1. The aircraft status indicator will flash twice in green light,

    which indicates the Vision Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up
    to lift off, and the Inspire 1 will hover in place.

& The performance of your Inspire 1's Vision Positioning System is subject to the surface you are              )>

        flying over. The ultrasonic waves may not be able to accurately measure the distance over sound
        absorbing materials, and the camera may not function correctly in suboptimal environments. The
        aircraft will switch from "P" mode to "A" mode automatically if both GPS and Vision Positioning
        System are not available. So operate the aircraft cautiously when in any of the following situations:
        · Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
        · Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
        · Flying at high speeds(over 8m/s at 2 meters or over 4m/s at 1 meter).
        · Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
        · Flying over moving surfaces or objects.
        · Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
        · Flying over extremely dark (lux< 10) or bright (lux> 10,000) surfaces.
        · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
        · Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
        · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with same design).
        · Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.
        · In the event of loss of remote controller's signal, the aircraft will hover for 8 seconds and then

           auto-land if it is in "P" mode.

:(;): · Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness
           of the sensors.

         · The effective hovering altitudes of the aircraft is from 0 to 2.5 meters.
         · Vision Positioning system may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
         · Vision Positioning system may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light

           conditions (less than 1OOiux).
         · Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

           in operation.
         · Vision Positioning system may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the

           ground (below 0.5 meters) in fast speed.

0 Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

         sensor emits high frequency sound that is only audible to some animals.

Flight data is automatically recorded to the SO card. This includes flight duration, orientation, distance,
aircraft status information, speed, and other parameters.

Use only DJI approved propellers with your Inspire 1. The grey or black nut on the propeller indicates
the rotation direction of the propeller and where it should be attached. To attach the propellers properly,
match the nut with the dots on the motors of your Inspire 1:
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Propellers                   Grey cap(1345)  Black cap(1'345R)
                            ~
Figure
Attach On   Motors without a black dot       Motors with a black dot

Legends     B'l Lock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten

            'D'l Unlock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove

      Attaching the Propellers

        1. Attach the propellers with a grey nut onto a motor without a black dot and spin the propellers clockwise

)>

           to secure thern in place. Attach the propellers with a black nut onto a motor with a black dot and spin
           the propellers counter clockwise to secure its position. Be sure to completely tighten each propeller by
            hand before flight.

Lt · Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

          · Handling the propellers with care.
          · Manually tightent each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

Detaching the Propellers

Hold the motor still. Then spin the propeller in the unlock direction indicated on the propeller itself.

& · Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

          · Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use old, chipped,
            or broken propellers.

          · To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
          · ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4500mAh, voltage of 22.2V, and smart charge-
discharge functionality. It can only be charged with an appropriate DJI approved charger.

Intelligent Flight Battery                                            Charger
                                                      INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Battery life

The battery life indicates how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before
it must be replaced. When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds
to check the battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink as described below for 2
seconds:

Battery Life    LED2        LED3    LED4              Battery Life                                               }>
    LED1
      ~           ~           ~       ~               90%~100%                                                   -0
      ~                                                80%~90%
      ~           ~           ~        ·'·             70%~80%                                                   0)
      ~                                                60%~70%                                                   ,.....
      ~           ~           ~     -.~,:.-            50%~60%
      ~                                                40%~50%
      ~           ~            ,.,   ~                 30%~40%
       ,.,                            ~                20%~30%
     -~:          ~          -~:      ~
                                      ~               below20%
           '·'    ,.,          '·'    ~
                 ~--                  ~
      ~                       ~       ~
                   '·'
                              ~
                  ~
                              ~
                  ~
                              ~
                  ~
                              ~

& When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
 Er:J For more information about the battery, launch DJI Pilot app and check the information under the

          battery tab.

Charging the Intelligent Flight Battery

1. Connect Battery Charger to a power source (1 00-240V 50/60Hz).
2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Flight Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

    level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.
3. The Battery Level Indicator will display the current battery level during charging.
4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when Battery Level Indicators are all off.
5. Air cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature

    before storing it for an extended period.

 & · Do not charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with standard charger (model:

            A14-1 OOP1 A) at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.
          · Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Inspire 1. Never insert or

            remove a battery when it is powered on.

                                    '                               Power Outlet

Intelligent Flight Battery                   Charger
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Battery Leve.l Indicators while Charging

LED1                 LED2              LED3     LED4           Battery Level

   ,.,                 ~                 ~       ~                50%~75%
                                                                 75%~100%
 -~:                    ,.,              ~       ~
                      -~:                                      Fully Charged
   '·'                                  ~--      ~
                        '·'               '·'
 -~:-                                              ,.,
                      -,~,:,-           -~:-
    '·'                                         ~,,:,
                        ,.,                '·'
   ,,,                                           ~
                      -~:                ~
 -~:-
                         '·'
   '·'
   ,,,                 ~

 -~:
    '·'

  ~

)>

       Charging Protection LED Display
       The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

Battery.Levellndicat.ors while Charging

LED1     LED2        LED3      LED4 Blinking Pattern           Battery Protection Item
  ~                   ~
  ~         ,,,        ~       ~ LED2 blinks twice per second  Over current detected

          ~--                  ~ LED2 blinks three times per second Short circuit detected

           ,' ·. ,'
          ~--
            ,,,

~ ~ -,~,,: ~ LED3 blinks twice per second                      Over charge detected

~ ~ -,~,,: ~ LED3 blinks three times per second Over-voltage charger detected

~ ~ ~ -~:- LED4 blinks twice per second                        Charging temperature is too low
                                                               (<OoC)
                                                 '·'

~        ~           ~          ,,,                                                      Charging temperature is too high
                                       LED4 blinks three times per second
                               -,~,,:
                                                                                          (>40°C)

After any of the above mentioned protection issues are resolved, press the button to turn off the Battery
Level Indicator. Unplug the Intelligent Flight Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume
charging. Note that you do not need to unplug and plug the charger in the event of a room temperature
error, the charger will resume charging when the temperature falls within the normal range.

& OJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

:(): How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:
        To effectively calibrate the battery capacity, it is recommended to charge and discharge the
        battery thoroughly for every 10 charge-and-discharge cycle. User should install the battery onto
        the aircraft and then power on the aircraft to initiate the discharge process, discharge the battery
        until the aircraft is powered off automatically. User should then fully charge the battery to ensure
        the battery is working at its optimal.
        Slow: Place the Intelligent Flight Battery into the Inspire 1's Battery Compartment and power it
                  on. Leave it on until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can no longer
                  be turned on. Launch the OJI Pilot app to check battery level.
        Rapid: Fly the Inspire 1 outdoors until there is less than 5% of power left, or until the battery can
                  no longer be turned on.
Re ote ntrollers

This chapter describes the features
of the remote controller that includes
aircraft and remote controller operations
and dual remote controller mode.
     INSPIRE 1 User Manual

     Remote Controller

     The Inspire 1 Remote Controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that integrates the
     video downlink ground system and aircraft Remote Controller system. The video downlink and aircraft
     Remote Controller system operate at 2.4 GHz with maximum transmission distance of 2km. The remote
     controller features a number of camera functions, such as taking and previewing photos and video, and
     controlling gimbal motions. The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The current
     battery level is displayed by LEOs on the front panel of the remote control.

     EI3- · Compliance Version: The Remote Controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.

JJ · Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1 , Mode 2.
(])
3 · Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.
0
     · Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.
Cii

()

&0 Do not operate more than 3 aircrafts within in the same area (size equivalent to a soccer field) to

:J

..-+

0 prevent transmission interference.

ro

(j)

     Powering On And Off The Remote Controller

     The Inspire 1 remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery with a capacity of 6000mAh. The
     battery level is indicated by the Battery Level LEOs on the front panel. Follow the steps below to power on
     your remote controller:
     1. When powered off, press the Power Button once and the Battery Level LEOs will display the current

         battery level.
     2. Then, press and hold the Power Button to power on the remote controller.
     3. The Remote Controller will beep when it powers on. The Status LED will blink green (slave remote

         controller blinks solid purple) rapidly, indicating that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The
         Status LED will show a solid green light when linking is completed.
     4. Repeat step 2 to power off the remote controller after finish using it.

     Charging Remote Controller

     Charge the remote controller via supplied charger.
                        INSPIRE 1 User tvlanual

                        Power Outlet

              Charger

Power Button

Controlling Camera                                                                                                              ::0
                                                                                                                                CP
Shoot videos or images and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera Settings Dial, Playback
Button and Video Recording Button on the remote control.                                                                        :3

                                                                                                """""11-11-+---- [1]            0
                                                                                                                     -·--- [2]
                                                                                                                                r+

                                                                                                                                CP

                                                                                                                                0

                                                                                                                                0

                                                                                                                                .:..J...

                                                                                                                                '0

                                                                                                                                m

                                                                                                                                (i)

              '----[3]

[1] Camera Settings Dial
    Turn the dial to quickly adjust camera settings such as ISO and shutter speed without letting go of the
    remote controller. Move the dial button to left or right to view the pictures or videos in playback mode.

[2] Playback Button
    Press to view images or videos that have already been captured.

[3] Shutter Button
    Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

[4] Recoding Button
     Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

Controlling Aircraft

This section explains how to use the various features of the remote controller. The Remote Controller is set
to Mode 2 by default.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

ffi Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

         Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.

              Remote             Aircraft           Remarks
             Controller  indicates nose direction)
              (Mode 2)
                                                    Moving the left stick up and down changes the
:0                                                  aircraft's elevation.
                                                    Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
(1)                                                 Push the throttle stick up to takeoff.
                                                    When both sticks are centered, the Inspire 1 will
3                                                   hover in place.
                                                    The more the stick is pushed away from the
0ro                                                 center position, the faster the Inspire 1 will change
                                                    elevation. Always push the stick gently to prevent
0                                                   sudden and unexpected elevation changes.

0                                                   Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the
                                                    rudder and rotation of the aircraft.
..=....:.1....                                      Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter
                                                    clock-wise, and push the stick right to rotate the
0                                                   aircraft clockwise. If the stick is centered, the
                                                    Inspire 1 will stay facing its current direction.
u;(1)                                               The more the stick is pushed away from the center
                                                    position, the faster the Inspire 1 will rotate.
                         ~~~~~~~ +
                                                    Moving the right stick up and down changes the
                                                    aircraft's forward and backward pitch.
                                                    Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly
                                                    backward. The Inspire 1 will hover in place if the stick
                                                    is centered.
                                                    Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                                    a larger pitch angle (maximum 35°) and faster flight.

                                                    Moving the right stick control left and right changes
                                                    the aircraft's left and right pitch.
                                                    Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Inspire 1
                                                    will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                    Push the stick further away from the center position for
                                                    a larger pitch angle (maximum 35°) and faster flight.

                                                    Gimbal Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the
                                                    camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the
                                                    dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point
                                                    downwards. The camera will remain in its current
                                                    position when dial is static.
                                                                         INSPIRE 1 User tvlanual

Flight Mode Switch                                                   F~

Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.
You may choose between; P mode, F mode and A
mode.

 Figure  Flight Mode
           Fmode
F@         A mode
           Pmode
A~'-~
      ~

P mode (Positioning) : P mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states of P            :IJ
mode, which will be automatically selected by the Inspire 1 depending on GPS signal strength and Vision
Positioning sensors:                                                                                                 CD

     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available, and the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.            :3
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal is not. Aircraft is using only Vision
     Positioning for hovering                                                                                        0co
     P-ATTI: Neither GPS or Vision Positioning available, aircraft is using only its barometer for positioning,
     so only altitude is controlled.                                                                                 0
A mode (Attitude): The GPS and Vision Positioning System is not used for holding position. The aircraft
only uses its barometer to maintain altitude. If it is still receiving a GPS signal, the aircraft can automatically  0
return home if the Remote Controller signal is lost and if the Home Point has been recorded successfully.
F mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information             :.,..:..J.,..
about IOC, refer to the IOC in Appendix.
The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default. To unlock the switch, launch the DJI Pilot app,               0
enter the "Camera" page, tap "MODE", and then activate "Multiple Flight Mode".
                                                                                                                     .C..D,

                                                                                                                     (j)

Transformation Switch I RTH Button

The Transformation Switch I RTH Button combination serves two functions. Toggle the switch up or down

to raise or lower the landing gear. Or, press the button to activate the Return to Home (RTH) procedure.
Transformation Switch

This switch has two positions. The effect of toggling the switch to any of these positions is defined below:

         Lower                                                Raise

1. Raise: Raise the landing gear to its upper most position.

         (

          ~~------~

                   -":;;
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

2. Lower: The landing gear will lower to its lowest position for landing.

                       -'t-_,.-:lf-  ~~~
                                                     +~
                       _·.::~(        ))-::.·_
                                               .;;
                           :;,

     ffi Do not raise the landing gear when the aircraft is on the ground. Ensure the landing gear is

                  lowered before landing.

I!

(I)

3

m0 RTH button

0 Press and hold this button to start the Return to Home (RTH) procedure. The LED around the RTH Button

0

3- will blink white to indicate the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the last recorded
0 Home Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain the control of the aircraft.

(I)

Cil

Connecting Mobile Device

Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the Mobile Device Holder
to release the clamp, and then place your mobile device into the clamp. Adjust the clamp to secure your
mobile device. Then connect your mobile device to the remote controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of
the cable into your mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.
                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Optimal Transmission Range

The signal transmission between aircraft and remote controller perform best within the range that
displayed in the picture shown below:

                         Optimal Transmission Range

Strong  Weak

Ensure the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission range. Adjust the distance and position                                 :::0
between the operator and the aircraft to achieve optimal transmission performance.
                                                                                                                                      CD
More than one remote controller can connect to the same aircraft in Dual Remote Controller mode. In
Dual Controllers mode, the "Master" remote controller operator controls the orientation of the aircraft, while                        3
the "Slave" remote controller controls the movement of the gimbal and camera operation. When multiple
"slave" remote controllers (max of 6) are connect to the aircraft, only the first connected "slave" remote                            0
controller is able to control the gimbal, the remaining "slave" remote controller can view the live feed video
from the aircraft and set the camera parameters, but they cannot control the gimbal.                                                  .-+

                                                                                                                                      CD

                                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                                      :...-.J.+,

                                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                                      C...D.,

                                                                                                                                      CfJ

        r                                                     ,

        <     ::;;                                               <

        0:    Q_                                                     0:
              (j)
        CD                                                             CD
        0     0                                                        0
        (/)                                                              (J)
              Ol
        <B'   :::l                                                  <B'
        :J    Q_                                                       :J

        ~     m0                                                        ~
              :3
          ""                                                   ......
              "OJ'
                                                           Slave Remote
              (f)                                            Controller

              <iS'                                                            0

              ::J
              QC

        Maste Remote
          Controller

                      0

                         Gimbal and Camera Control Signal
         INSPIRE 1 User Manual

         & Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

                 single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.

         Setting Up Dual Remote Controllers Mode
         Dual Remote Controllers mode is disabled by default. Users must enable this feature on the "Master"
         remote controller by through the DJI Pilot app. Follow the steps below for setup:

         "Master" Remote Controller:

         I. Connect the remote controller to your mobile device and launch the DJI Pilot app.

         2. Go to the Camera page, and tap ~"" 11 1!1 to enter the remote controller settings window.
         3. Tap "Set RC Status" to enable Master-and-Slave mode.

         4. Select "Master" in the "Set RC Status" section to set the remote controller as "Master" remote controller.

:0

CD
3
                                              RC Settings                                         X
.0.....
CD

0
0

3.       [ RC Control Settings                                                                    >]
0
ro
en Master and Slave

         Set RC Status

         RC Name                      T12254  IConnection Password        1234

         Slave RC List

         5. Enter the connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.                      X
         "Slave" Remote Controller:
         I. Tap "Search for Master Controller" to search the "Master" remote controller.

                                                                                     RC Settings

         [ RC Control Setting                                                                     >]

         Master and Slave             S88642
                                                    Request Control
         Set RC Status
         RC Name                            Search for Master Controller

         Master RC List
                                                                                                                  INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 ffi Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

          the "Siave"remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote con-
          troller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.

2. Search the "Master" remote controller in the surrounding area in the "Request Control" section.

                       RC Settings                         X

[ RC Control Settings                                      >]

  Master and Slave     888642                                                                                                            ::0
                                     Request Control                                                                                     <D
  Set RC Status
  RC Name                    Search for Master Controller                                                                                3

   Master RC List                                                                                                                        0

Iv T12254                                                                                                                                .-+

                                                                                                                                         <D

                                                                                                                                         0

                                                                                                                                         0

                                                                                                                                         :::J

                                                                                                                                         .-+

                                                                                                                                         0

                                                                                                                                         ro

                                                                                                                                         Cil

3. Select the "Master" remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password to
    connect to the desired "Master" remote controller.

v T12254               Connection Password [ 1234
                                                                                      '-------------'
   Master RC List

'~~Rr~m'at&;1t36;titf&tl,~r;~r~t&~'~~:o,:: ,:. · "

The Status LED reflects connection status between Remote Controller and aircraft. The RTH LED shows
the Return to Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains details on these indicators.

                                        ~®~

                                  (@) cf>nt----+1----- RTH LED

                                Status LED ----"':::::::::;;;;;;~~~==,;;::;
          INSPIRE 1 User Manual

          Status LED                 Alarm                       ·Remote Controller Status

          R· -Solid Red              l chime                     The remote controller set as "Master" but it is not
                                                                 connected with the aircraft.

          i~'i:- Solid Green         l chime                     The remote controller set as "Master" and it is connected
                                                                 with the aircraft.

          -Solid Purple              D-0-                        The remote controller set as "Slave" but it is not
                                                                 connected with the aircraft.

          -(~J':- Solid Blue         D-0- l chime                The remote controller set as "Slave" and it is connected
                                                                 with the aircraft.

          ,B)······ Slow Blinking Red D-0-D··· ···               Remote controller error.

JJ        ~~:J~i:fl/Jj.:J;ZI ······

(])

3         Red and Green/ Red and None                            HD Downlink is disrupted.

0                                                                Remote Controller Status.
.-+                                                              Aircraft is returning home.
                                                                 Sending Return to Home command to the aircraft.
(]) Yellow Alternate Blinks
0
0
~         RTH LED                    Sound

Q_ -Solid White                      l chime
(..]..).
(f) :;Cffi ······Blinking White
                                     D···

          YJ)- ······Blinking White  DO······                    Aircraft Return to Home in progress.

          & The Remote Status Indicator will blink red, sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

          The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking is only required when using a new
          remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

          1. Power on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch DJI Pilot app.
          2. Power on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
          3. Enter "Camera" view and tap on and then tap "Linking Remote Controller" button as shown below.

                                     < RC Control Setting                                                  X

                                     Remote Control Calibration                             >
                                     Stick Mode                                             >

                                     Default stick mode is Mode 2. changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                                     Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                                     C1 ( Gimbal Pitch/Yaw       C2 [~_R_e_s_e_t"'-gi_m_b_al-"-y_a_w_ __;

                                                                 You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                                                 of the remote controller.
                                                                       INSPIRE 1 User Manual

4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and "beep"
    sound is emitted.

< RC Control Setting                                                   ;<

Remote Control Calibration                                             >

 Stick Mode                      Searching for aircraft frequency,              >                                                     JJ
                                        timeout in 54 seconds                                                                         <D
Default stick mode is Mode                                             ircraft is controlled.
Do not change unless famili  Press the linking button on the aircraft                                                                 3
                                   to link this remote controller      Irbal yaw
IC1 Gimbal Pitcr                                                                                                                      0
                                            Cancel
                                                                                                                                      .-+
                             You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                             of the remote controller.                                                                                <D

                                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                                      0

                                                                                                                                      :::J

                                                                                                                                      .-+

                                                                                                                                      0

5. Locate the Linking button on the front of the aircraft, as shown in the figure shown below. Press the
    Linking button to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator will display solid green if Link is
    succeed.

& · Remote controller cannot link to the aircraft if the remote controller is set as "Slave". Meanwhile,

            the "Siave"remote controller cannot control the orientation of the aircraft. Reset the remote
            controller to "Master" in DJI Pilot app if you wish to link the remote controller to the aircraft.
          · Remote controller will disconnect from the linked aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to
            the same aircraft.

The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.

                                                                                                                                  33
  imbal and Camera

This chapter provides the technical
specifications of the camera and explains
the working mode of the gimbal.
Camera and Gimbal

The on-board camera supports 4K video capture up to 4096x2160p24 and 12M pixel photos capture by
using the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensor. You may export the video in either MOV or MP4 format for editing.
Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and timer mode. A live preview of what the
camera is seeing before you shoot videos and pictures is supported through the DJI Pilot App.

Camera Micro-SO Card Slot

To store your photos and videos, plug in the micro-SO card into the slot shown below before powering on
the Inspire 1. The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SO card and supports up to a 64GB micro-SO card.
A UHS-1 type micro-SO card is recommended, because the fast read and write capability of these cards
enables you to store high-resolution video data.

 0 Do not remove micro-SO card from the Inspire 1 when it is powered on.

Camera Data Port

Power on the Inspire 1 and then connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download photos or
videos from the camera to your computer.

 6 Power on the aircraft before attempting to download the files.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Camera Operation

Use the Shutter and Record button on the remote controller to shoot the images or the videos through the
DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling Camera" P25.

ND Filter

Attach an ND filter to the front of the camera to reduce over-exposure and "jello" effect.

Gimbal Profile

The 3-axis Gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture stabilized
images and video. The Gimbal can tilt the camera up to 120 degrees and rotate 360 degrees.

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control pitch movement of the camera by default. Note that
you cannot control the pan motion of the camera by default. Enable the "Master-and-Siave"mode and
set the remote controller to "Slave" state if you wish to control both the pan and pitch movement of the
camera.

 L[:, Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the pitch movement of the camera in the

          single remote controller mode, however, you cannot control the pan movement of the camera.
Pan Control
Follow the instructions below to use the gimbal dial to control the pan movement of the gimbal:
1. Power on the aircraft and remote control, launch DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" page.
2. Tap "RC Control Settings" icon and select either C1 or C2 customizable button as the gimbal pitch/

    yaw switching button.
3. Select "Gimbal Pitch/Yaw" from the dropdown list.
                                                                           INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                            .
< RC Control Setting
                                                                                   X

Remote Control Calibration                                                 >
Stick Mode                                                                 >

Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

C1 [c___G_im_ba_I_P_it_c_h!Y_a_w_ __.) C2 [L__R_e_s_e_t.:::g_im_b_a_l-"-y_a_w __)

                            You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                            of the remote controller.

Press C1 or C2 button to switch from pitch mode to yaw mode. You may use the gimbal dial to pan the
gimbal under yaw mode. Press C1 or C2 again to exit yaw mode.

Using DJI Pilot App to Control Gimbal

Follow the steps below to use OJI Pilot app to control the gimbal orientation:
1. Launch DJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Tap and press on the screen until a blue circle is shown.
3. Slide to control the gimbal orientation within the "Camera" page as shown below.

~ 1,8 P-~Ps  I ~ 11111  Jo~\>A ...F...J._I__sa_fe-::::t::;::!.o Fly (GPS)  loll" 11111 I ~"·11".J~ 100% I @
                            ~-  I~IS-O -100--1-/32-0 --EV-0-=~4-82-1 -=~-0-0:2-2:1~6]

                                                                                   JPEG        4K 30

                                                                                                     AEiil

                                                                                                      Fn

                                                                                                          @

                                                                                               ·~-

                                                                                               ·-

                                                                                                    [E)

                                                                                                 -··--

             ftH.s
             "24.2MJS

                                                                           ~~~ 2010 DJL .\ff Riqnts          37
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Gimbal Operation Modes

Three Gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the
Camera page of the DJI Pilot App. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote
controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

Pitch         Pan

Follow Mode   The angle between Gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains
              constant at all times. One user alone can control the pitch motion of the
              Gimbal, but a second user is required to control the pan motion using a
              second remote controller.

FPV Mode      The Gimbal will lock to the movements of the aircraft to provide a First-
              Person-View flying experience.

Free Mode     The Gimbal's motion is independent of the aircraft's orientation. One user
              alone can control the pitch motion of the Gimbal, but a second user is
              required to control the pan motion using a second remote controller.

Re-alignment  Tap to force the Gimbal orientation to re-align with aircraft's orientation
              by panning from gimbal's current orientation. Pitch angle will remain
              unchanged during the re-alignment.

Lt, · Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2)

          Gimbal has received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open
          ground and protect the gimbal after powering up.
        · Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The
          gimbal will recover when it dries out.
I Pilot   p

         ··-------------------

This chapter describes the four main
GUI of the DJI Pilot app.
     DJIPilotApp

     The DJI Pilot app is a new mobile app designed specifically for the Inspire 1. Use this app to control the
     gimbal, camera and other features of your flight system. The app also comes with Map, Store a User Center,
     for configuring your aircraft and sharing your content with friends. It is recommended that you use a tablet
     for the best experience.

0

c._ United States

-o Mountian View

0 Shot with DJIINSPIRE l

r+

)>

""0
""0

                          (<} g                                                        n

                                                                                       L.::::l

                          MAP                                             ACADEMY      USER CENTER

     The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Inspire 1's camera. You can also configure
     various camera parameters from the Camera page.

     [1] [2] [3]                                                     [4]  [5] [6] [7]  [8]

     [18] [9]

     (17]

                                                                                                                                                         [10]

     ..,·e(16]

     [15]

                                                                                                                                   -~
     [14]

     [13J --+m~H .:.:_;:.:..--=-=:::....__                                                          (11]
                                            t~g.2MJS
                                                               [12]
                                                                              INSPIRE 1 User Manual

[1] Flight Mode

   8 : The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.

     Tap to enter MC (Main Controller) settings. Modify flight limits, perform compass calibration, and set

     the gain values on this screen.

[2] GPS Signal Strength
     ~ 1nll: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicates adequate GPS
     strength.

[3] IOC Settings

   1M. CL : This icon shows which IOC setting that the aircraft has entered when in F Mode.

     Tap to enter IOC setting menu and select Course Lock, Home Lock or Point of Interest Lock.

[4] System Status                                                                                              0c....
      sateioFiy(~Psz :This icon shows current aircraft system status, such as GPS signal health.

[5] Battery Level Indicator
     -o-o- .. o : The battery level indicator dynamically displays the battery level. The color zones on the
     battery level indicator represent different battery levels.

[6] Remote Controller Signal
     ~~ 11 1!1: This icon shows the strength of remote controller signal.

[7] HD Video Link Signal Strength
     ffi[J~ 11 111: This icon shows the HD video downlink signal strength between the aircraft and the remote
     controller.

[8] Battery Level

   1ft 100%: This icon shows the current Intelligent Flight Battery level.

Tap to enter battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds and view the battery
warning history in this page.

[9] General Settings

     @:Tap this icon to enter General Settings page. Select parameter units, reset the camera, enable
     the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value and toggle flight route display on this page.

[1 0] Camera Operation Bar
      Exposure Lock
      AE · : Tap to enable or disable the camera exposure lock.

Function
Fn: Tap to adjust camera settings, such as video format and digtial filters.

Shutter

e: Tap this button to take a single photo.
        INSPIRE 1 User Manual

               Record
                    : Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the

               Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same function.

               Playback

          [8: Tap to enter playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are captured.

               Camera Settings and Shooting Mode

       -· := :Tap to enter the Camera Settings page and switch from camera shooting mode from manual to

               auto.

        [11] Map
               Display the flight path of the current mission. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

0

c._

)>
'0
'0

[12] Vision Positioning
      ~ : This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

[13] Flight Telemetry

H: 2M         D: 39M        1.2M
             i~f2H4..S2M!S
1~~S..83M/S

      Vision Positioning Status
      Icon is highlighted when Vision Positioning is in operation.

      Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
      (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.
      (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
      (3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.

[14] Home Point Settings
      · : Tap this button to reset the current home point. You may choose to set the aircraft take-off
       location, the remote controller's current position, or the aircraft's current position as the Home Point.

[15] Return to Home (RTH)
      ~ :Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the latest home point.
                                                                  INSPIRE 1 User tv1anual

[16] Gimbal Operation Mode
      Refer to "Gimbal Operation Mode" P38 for more information.

[17] Auto Takeoff/Landing

   ..tJ.i..: Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.

[18] Back
      ~ :Tap to return to the main GUI.

User can view the current flight route in a larger map view in this page. You can also perform Auto take-  0
off and Landing in the page. Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data
required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended. Internet access is required to cache the map, if Wi-Fi is       c.__
unavailable, mobile data service is required.

Download user manual, view online videos. Also you can use the flight simulator to practice your flight    s
skills.
                                                                                                           )>

                                                                                                           "0
                                                                                                           "0

You can sync the picture and videos to the mobile device, view the flight records and check your DJI
account status in the User Center. Use the DJI registered account to login to the User Center.
This chapter describes the flight safety
and flight restrictions.
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to use the flight simulator to learn how to fly
safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable location.

····R'Iigh~· Envir0rJTm·~n:j~R.e;qr;Jir;~f¥}:~~ts'f:.

1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 1Om/s ,
    snow, rain and smog.

2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the on-board
    compass and GPS signal.

3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in area with high levels of electromagnetism,

    including mobile phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environment factor such as air density and temperature.

    Be very careful when flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft
    performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate within the polar areas in "P" mode.

Flight limits on height and distance can be set. The details of these flight limits are described in the following
section.
All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as
the ICAO (International Civil Aviation Organization), FAA and their own national airspace regulations. For
safety reasons, the flight limits function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and
legally. The flight limits function includes height limits, distance limits and No Fly Zones.
When operating in P Mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In A
mode only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120 meters.

Max Height & Radius Limits
Max Height & Radius limit flying height and distance, and the user may change these settings in the

DJI Pilot App. Once complete, your Inspire 1 will fly in a restricted cylinder that is determined by these
settings. The tables below show the details of these limits.

Max Height  Max Radius

                                        Home Point

            --'-Jt-----+- Height of aircraft

                                         when powered on
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

GPSSignal Strong :~j, ······Blinking Green

                       Flight Limits                       DJI PilotApp           Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                           Warning: Height
Max Height             Flight altitude must be under       limit reached.         None.
                       the set height.
                                                           Warning: Distance      Rapid red flashing B
Max Radius             Flight distance must be within      limit reached.         ······ when close to the
                       the max radius.                                            max radius limit.

                       ··· ~:··BiinkingYello\IV ·

            Flight Limits                                  DJI Pilot App          Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                                                  None.
                              Flight height restricted to  Warning: Height limit
          Max Height                                       reached.

                               120m and under.

::::!J

c:C::i.; Max Radius No limits

 ..-+

& ·If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Inspire 1, but cannot fly it further.

        · If the Inspire 1 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within
          range automatically.

Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas
Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the DJI official website at
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe/category-mc. Restricted areas are divided into category A and category B.
Category A areas cover major international airport such as LAX and Heathrow, while category B areas
includes smaller airports.

Category A Safety Zone
(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a range of "restricted-

     altitude zones". Flight is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the
     restricted-altitude zone.
(2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude restricted, with maximum
     altitude going from 35 feet (10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 320 feet (100m) of the
     safety zone, a warning message will appear on the OJI Pilot App.
                                    INSPIRE 1 User Manual

No-fly zone Restricted-altitude Warning zone  Free zone
                 flight zone

Category B Safety Zone
(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 0.6 miles (1 Km) of this

     zone, a warning will appear on the OJI Pilot App.

                                                               1+---CategoryBsafetyzone-1

No-fly zone Warning zone Free zone
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

                                                                                         .. ·

GPS Signal Strong 1(?): ······ Blinking Green

Zone             Restriction                      DJI Pilot App Prompt                   Aircraft
                                                                                         Status
                                                                                         Indicator

                 Motors will not start.           Warning: You are in a No-fly
                                                  zone. Take off prohibited.

No-fly Zone      If the aircraft enters the
                 restricted area in A mode but
                 P mode activates the aircraft    Warning: You are in a No-fly
                 will automatically descend to    zone, automatic landing has
                 land then stop its motors after  begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile
                 landing.                         radius)

                                                  Warning: You are in a restricted       ;r£j\: ......
                                                  zone. Descending to safe
                                                  altitude. (If you are between the      Red flashing
                                                  range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile
 Restricted-     If the aircraft enters the       radius)
altitude flight  restricted area in A mode but P  Warning: You are in a restricted
                 mode activates, it will descend  zone. Max flight height restricted
     zone        to a safe altitude and hover 15  to between 10.5m and 120m. Fly
                 feet below the safe altitude.    Cautiously.

Warning zone No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a
                        there will be warning message. restricted zone, Fly Cautiously.

Free zone        No restrictions.                 None.                                  None.

EEJ Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

        during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

& · When flying in the safety zone, aircraft status indicator will blink red quickly and continue for 3

          seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point
          it will switch back to red blinking .
        · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
          city centers and other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

48 \() 2014 DJL .;H R:q!:ts
                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

1. Remote controller, aircraft battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
3. Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.
4. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
5. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
6. DJI Pilot app connected to the aircraft.

IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very
sensitive to electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight
performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.

 0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such

            as magnetite, parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
          · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular

            phones.
          · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures.
1. Ensure the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass in the Checklist, or if you

    have changed your position since last calibrating it, tap "MODE" in the app and select "Compass
    Calibration" to calibrate the compass. Then follow the on-screen instructions.
2. Hold and rotate the aircraft horizontally 360 degrees, and the Aircraft Status Indicator will display a
    solid green light.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual
3. Hold the aircraft vertically with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center

    axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator show solid red.

 & If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration, move your aircraft to a

          different location to carry out compass calibration.

 l} Calibrate the compass before each flight. Launch OJI Pilot App, follow the on-screen instruction

          to calibrate the compass.

When to Recalibrate

1. When compass data is abnormal, and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow.
2. When flying in a new location, or a location that is different from your last flight.
3. When the mechanical structure of the Inspire 1 has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the

    compass.
4. When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. the Inspire 1 does not fly in straight lines.

Auto Take-off
Use auto take-off to take off your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking
green. Follow the steps below to use auto take-off:
1. Launch OJI Pilot app, enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.
3. Go through the pre-flight checklist.

4. Tap" t ", and confirm flight condition. Slide to confirm and take-off.

5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at 1.5 meters above ground.
                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Auto-Landing
Use auto-landing to land your aircraft automatically if the Aircraft Status Indicator displays blinking green.
Follow the steps below to use auto-landing:

I. Ensure the aircraft is in "P" mode.

2. Check the landing area condition before tapping "_., ", to perform landing.
3. Aircraft lowers the landing gear and proceed to land automatically.

Starting Motors

The Combination Stick Command (CSC) listed below are used to start the motors instead of simply push-
ing the stick up. Ensure that you perform the CSC in one motion.

                                                                    OR

Stopping Motors

There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When the Inspire I has landed, push the throttle down CD, then conduct CSC ®. Motors will stop
immediately. Release both sticks once motors stop.
Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. The motors will stop after 3
seconds.

                                                                          OR

 L'!i Do not perform CSC when aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will be stopped.

Take off/Landing Procedures
I. Place the aircraft on open, flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.

2. Power on the remote controller and your mobile device, then the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Launch the DJI Pilot App and enter the Camera page.
4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicator blinks green. This means the Home Point is recorded and it is safe to fly

     now. If it flashes yellow, it means Home Point is not recorded, and you should not take off.
5. Push the throttle up slowly to take off or using Auto Take-off to take off.
6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJI Pilot app.
7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle slowly to descend.
8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or

     more until the motors stop.
9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, followed by the Remote Controller.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

 it, · When the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe

            mode.
          · A low battery level warning is indicated by the Aircraft Status Indicator blinking red slowly or

            rapidly during flight.
          · Watch video tutorials about flight for more flight information.

Video Suggestions and lips

1. Work through the checklist before each flight.
2. Select desired gimbal working mode in the OJI Pilot app.
3. Aim to shoot when flying in P mode only.
4. Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
5. Change camera settings to suit you. These include photo format and exposure compensation.
6. Perform flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
7. Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.
    Troubleshooting (FAQ)

       1. How can I put a GoPro camera on the Inspire 1?
          The Inspire 1 does not currently support GoPro attachments. The gimbal is designed to hold OJ!
          cameras only.

       2. When will ground station functionality be available?
           The Inspire 1 does not currently support ground station. Ground station will be available with future
           firmware updates.

       3. Is the camera's exposure automatic?
           The exposure can be set to Auto, for automatic changes, or Manual, if you wish to use a specific setting.

       4. Can I see the size of images through the app?
           Yes, you can preview image or video sizes through the OJ! Pilot app.

        5. How much weight can the Inspire 1 carry without its included camera?
           We do not recommend flying with any payload other than the included OJ! gimbal and camera.

'T1

)> 6. Do you have an LCD monitor available for the Inspire 1?
0

           No, OJ! does not sell LCD or HD monitors for the Inspire 1. However, you can output the live streaming
           video to a compatible monitor or mobile device of your own.

        7. How long does it take to charge the battery? Does it comes with a charger?
           Yes, all inspire 1 units come with standard TB47 charger.
           With the standard TB47 100W charger, it takes 85min to fully charge a 4500mAh battery.

        8. Are the two remote controllers the same? Should I setup the remote controllers in the app or
            somewhere else to control the camera and aircraft separately?
           The two remote controllers are physically identical. You can set the remote controllers to either "Master"
           or "Slave" through the OJ! Pilot app if you wish to use dual controller mode.

        9. Where can I find info on the simulation application that plugs into the trainer port? Can you suggest a
            simulation program?
           There is no trainer port on the remote controller for the Inspire 1.

        10. Can the mobile device holder be used on the Phantom 2 series remote controller?
             No, it cannot. The mobile device holder can only be used with the Inspire 1 remote.

        11. Does the Inspire 1 have a SD card included?
             The Inspire 1 comes with a 16GB micro-SO card. It supports SO cards up to 64GB.

        12. Can I upgrade and buy a second remote controller if I only buy a single remote controller now?
             Yes.

        13. How big is the Inspire 1?
             Its length x heightxwidth dimensions without the propellers attached are 44x30 x 45cm (17.3 x 11.8 x 17.7in).
                                                                                                               INSPIRE 1 User tvlanual
14. What flight controller does the Inspire 1 use?

    The Inspire 1 uses its own new flight controller.
15. Which motors and propellers does the Inspire 1 come with?

    The Inspire 1 uses 3510 motors and 1345 propellers.
16. Aircraft frame arm joints appear loosen, is that normal?

    The space of the joins shown in the below figure is normal and it will not affect the performance of
     aircraft, do not adjust the position of the screws on your own.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       "11
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          )>

                                                                                                                                                            0

17. Failed to complete self-check?
     Place the aircraft on the flat surface before powering on. Do not move the aircraft during the self-
     check.
ppen "IX
Appendix

Aircraft                     T600                            )>
Model                        2935 g
Weight (Battery Included)    Vertical: 0.5 m                 ""0
                             Horizontal: 2.5 m               ""0
Hovering Accuracy (P Mode)   Pitch: 300°/S
                             Yaw: 150°/S                      (!)
Max Angular Velocity         35°
                             5 m/s                            ~
Max Tilt Angle               4 m/s
Max Ascent Speed             22 m/s (ATTl mode, no wind)     :0x.:.·
Max Descent Speed            4500 m
Max Speed                    10 m/s
Max Flight Altitude          Approximately 18 minutes
Max Wind Speed Resistance    DJI 3510
Max Flight Time              DJI 1345
Motor Model                  Enabled by default
Propeller Model              -10° to 40° C
Indoor Hovering              559 to 581 mm
Operating Temperature Range  438x451x301 mm
Diagonal Distance
Dimensions                   ZENMUSEX3
Gimbal                       Static: 9 W;ln Motion: 11 W
Model                        Station: 750 mA;Motion: 900 mA
Output Power (With Camera)   ±0.03°
Operating Current            Detachable
Angular Vibration Range      Pitch: -90° to +30°
Mounting                     Pan: ±320°
                             Pitch: -125° to +45°
Controllable Range           Pan: ±330°
                             Pitch: 120°/S
Mechanical Range             Pan: 180°/S

Max Controllable Speed
INSPIRE 1 User Manual           X3
                                FC350
 Camera                         12.76M
 Name                           12.4M
 Model                          4000x3000
 Total Pixels                   100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
 Effective Pixels               8 s to 1/8000 s
 Image Max Size
 ISO Range                      Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"
 Electronic Shutter Speed       20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 focus at =)
 FOV (Field Of View)            9 Elements in 9 groups
 CMOS                           Anti-distortion
                                Single shoot
 Lens                           Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames
                                Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at
 Still Photography Modes        0.7EV Bias
                                Time-lapse
 Video Recording Modes          UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30
                                FHD: 1920x1 080p24/25/30/48/50/60
  Max Bitrate Of Video Storage  HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60
                                60 Mbps
 Supported File Formats         FAT32/exFAT
                                Photo: JPEG, DNG
  Supported SD Card Types       Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)
  Operating Temperature Range   Micro SD
  Remote Controller             Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required.
  Name
  Operating Frequency           oo to 40° C
 Transmitting Distance
  EIRP                          C1
  Video Output Port             922.7MHz-927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
  Power Supply                  5.728-5.850 GHz;2.400-2.483 GHz
  Charging                      2 km (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
  Dual User Capability          10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
                                USB, Mini-HDMI
                                Built-in battery
                                DJI charger
                                Host-and-Slave connection
                                                                 INSPIRE 1 User tvlanual

Mobile Device Holder         Tablet or Smart Phone
Output Power                 9W
Operating Temperature Range
                             Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
Storage Temperature Range    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

Charging Temperature Range   0-40° c
Battery
Charger                      6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Model
Voltage                      A14-100P1A
Rated Power
                             26.3 v
B~ttery (Standard)
                             100W
Name
Model                        Intelligent Flight Battery
Capacity                     TB47
Voltage                      4500 mAh
Battery Type                 22.2V
Energy                       LiPo 6S High voltage battery
Net Weight                   99.9 Wh
Operating Temperature Range  570 g
                             -10° to 40° C
Storage Temperature Range    Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                             More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
Charging Temperature Range
Max Charging Power           180W
Battery (Optional)
Name                         Intelligent Flight Battery
Model                        TB48
Capacity                     5700 mAh
Voltage                      22.8V
Battery Type                 LiPo 6S
Energy                       129.96 Wh
Net Weight                   670 g
Operating Temperature Range  -10 to 40° C
                             Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
Storage Temperature Range    More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

Charging Temperature Range
   INSPIRE 1 User Manual

   Max Charging Power                 180W
   Vision Positioning
   Velocity Range                     Below 8 m/s (2m above ground)
   Altitude Range                     5-500 em
   Operating Environment              Brightly lit (lux > 15) patterned surfaces
   Operating Range                    0-250 em
   DJI PilotApp
   Mobile Device System Requirements  iOS version 7.1 or later;Android version 4.1.2 or later
                                      * iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 5S, iPad Air 2, iPad Mini
   Supported Mobile Devices           3, iPad Air, iPad Mini 2, iPad 4;* Samsung Note 3, Samsung
                                      S5, Sony Z3 EXPERIA;* Note: It is recommended that you
                                      use a tablet for the best experience

        IOC allows users to lock the orientation of aircraft in different fashions. There are three working modes for

-6" IOC and you may select the desired IOC modes from the DJI Pilot app. IOC only works under F mode,

?6 and user must toggle the flight mode switch to "F" mode to activate IOC. Refer to the table below:

:::J
0..

X

   Course Lock (CL)       Its forward direction is pointing to the nose direction when recording, which is
                          fixed until you re-record it or exit from CL.

   Home Lock (HL)*        Record a Home Point (HP), and push Pitch stick to control the aircraft far from
                          or near to the HP.

                                      Point of Interest. Record a point of interest (POl), the aircraft can circle around
   Point of Interest (POl)*

                                      the POl, and the nose always points to the POl.

    lJ: *Home Lock and Point of Interest feature are coming soon.

   Prerequisites of lOG

   Use the IOC feature under the following condition:

   Modes lOG         GPSenabled       GPS           Flight Distance Limits
    Course Lock
     Home Lock              No        None                      None
          POl               Yes       ~.u:'    Aircraft < ;e:Wm ) Home Point
                            Yes       ~.ul:  Aircraft Esm-soom ) Point of Interest

   Using IOC
   Enable the IOC feature by tapping "Enable IOC" in the setting page of the DJI Pilot app. Toggle the Flight
   Mode Switch to "F" mode and follow the on-screen instruction to use IOC feature.
INSPIRE 1 User Manual

Follow the steps below to upgrade your Inspire 1's firmware, including the firmware for the remote
controller and battery.

Updating the Aircraft Firmware

Step 1- Check Battery and SD Card Capacity
Ensure the Intelligent Flight Battery and Remote Controller have at least 50% power and there is at least
1OOMB of free space on the SO card.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

1. Download the firmware update package from the official DJI website (http://www.dji.com/product/
    inspire-1 ).

2. Insert the SO into your PC. Extract the all downloaded files into the root directory of the SO card.
    Remove the SO card from your PC and insert it into the SO card slot on the Inspire 1 camera.

Step 3- Update the Aircraft                                                                                      )>
                                                                                                                 ""0
1. Connect your mobile device to the remote controller, power on the remote controller, and launch the           ""0
    DJI Pilot app to obtain information about firmware update progress. Confirm you wish to update within        CD
   the app to continue. Note the upgrade will begin automatically after power cycling the aircraft if the DJI     ::J
    Pilot app is not launched.                                                                                    Q.

2. It will take approximately 25 minutes to complete the firmware update. During the upgrade process,             X
    DJI Pilot app will display update progress and gimbal will sound a fast beeping sound(D-D-D-0). A
    message windows of "Upgrade Completed, Aircraft will restart in 5 seconds" will prompt in DJI Pilot
    app and gimbal will sound a slow beeping sound (D--OD) to indicate the update is complete, aircraft
    will then restart automally. Note that user will need to manually power cycle the aircraft if DJI Pilot app
    is not launched prior to the upgrade.

3. Try update again if gimbal sounds a long beeping sound.

Updating the Remote Controller Firmware

Step 1- Check Battery
The remote controller firmware is included in the aircraft firmware update package. Use the same update
file that is downloaded from the official DJI website. Ensure the remote controller's remaining battery level
is at least 50%.

Step 2- Prepare the Firmware Update Package

1. Extract all downloaded files into the root directory of an SO card or USB thumb drive.
2. With the remote controller powered off, insert the SO card into a SO card reader and plug the reader

    into the USB port on the remote. Or if using a USB thumb drive, plug it directly into the remote's USB
    port. If you do not have a SO card reader or USB thumb drive, you may insert the SD card into the
    gimbal and connect the gimbal to the remote controller with a USB cable.

Step 3- Update the Remote Controller

1. Power on the remote controller and wait 60 seconds until the upgrade begins. Do not power off the
    remote controller during the update.

2. It will take approximately 10 minutes to complete the firmware update. The Inspire 1's camera will emit
    a beeping sound and the Status LED on the remote controller will show a solid blue light to indicate
                           Exhibit 2
                         DJI Inspire
                     Quick Start Guide

                                        Page 16 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
INSPIRE 1

The Inspire I is a professional aerial filmmaking and photography platform that is ready to fly right out of the box. Featuring
an onboard camera equipped with a 20mm lens and 3-axis stabilized gimbal, it shoots sharp 12mp stills and stable video at
up to 4K. Its retractable landing gear pulls up out of view, giving the camera an unobstructed 360 degree view of the world
below.

An advanced flight controller makes the Inspire I stable, safe and easy to fly indoors or out. The brand new Vision
Positioning System gives it the power to hover in position at low altitudes even without GPS. Like all DJI flight controllers,
it is also able to return horne if remote controller signal is lost or if the low battery warning is triggered.

The Inspire I boasts a maximum flight speed 22rn/s* and a maximum flight time of 18 minutes* using one fully charged
4500mAh Intelligent Flight Battery.

Travel Mode

}-CMC-':-~-~-:-~c,-, FlightMode                   1. Gimbal and Camera          9. Intelligent Flight Battery
                                                  2. Camera Micro-SO Card Slot  10. Power Button
                                    Landing Mode  3. Vision Positioning System  11. Battery Level Indicators
                                                  4. Transformation Mechanism   12. Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                  5. Front LEOs                 13. Aircraft Micro-USB Port
                                                  6. Motors                     14- Camera Micro-USB Port
                                                  7. Propellers                 15. Gimbal Lock
                                                  8. Rear LEOs

* Please note that maximum flight speed and maximum run time were tested in a lab environment. These statistics are for reference only, as

  conditions in your area may vary.
Remote Controller

The maximum transmission distance of the Inspire 1 remote controller is 2km*. The remote controller also allows you to
control the landing gear or activate Return to Home with a tap. Other buttons allow instant photo capture, video recording,
picture review and gimbal control.
A DJI Lightbridge-based HD video downlink is built-in, letting you see what your camera sees on your mobile device in
real time HD. The app also allows you to change camera settings and activate Master/Slave mode so that one person can
fly while other controls the gimbal independently. The master and slave controllers communicate using a 5.8Ghz wireless
signal, and have a communication range with each other of up to 50 meters.The controller's LiPo battery has a maximum
run time of approximately four hours and can be charged by plugging directly into the controller.

                                                                                                                                                    1. Power Button
                                                                                                                                                    2. Transformation Switch
                                                                                                                                                    3. Return to Home (RTH) Button
                                                                                                                                                    4. Control Sticks
                                                                                                                                                    5. Status LED
                                                                                                                                                    6. Battery Level LEOs
                                                                                                                                                    ?.Power Port
                                                                                                                                                    8. Mobile Device Holder
                                                                                                                                                    9. Antennas
                                                                                                                                                    10. Handle Bar

             Folded

11. Gimbal Dial
12. Camera Settings Dial
13. Video Recording Button
14. Flight Mode Switch
15. Shutter Button
16. Playback Button
17. Mini-HDMI Port
18. Micro-USB Port
19. CAN-Bus Port
20. USB Port
21. Back Buttons (Reserved)

                                                                                                         mobile device

* Please note that the max transmission distance were tested in a lab environment. This statistic is for reference only, as conditions in your
   area may vary.
Fly Safe

· Calibrating the Compass

Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to electromagnetic interference,
which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even failure. Regular calibration is required for
optimum performance. Recalibrate the compass when: a) The Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking red and yellow. b) Rying in a
new location.
· DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as magnetite, parking

  structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
· DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
· DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.
· If the Flight Status LED is showing solid red, then try to calibrate again. If it is blinking red and yellow alternately after placing

  the aircraft on the ground, the compass has detected magnetic interference. Change your location.

· P Mode:                                                                   GPS Positioning

Safe to fly. In this mode, the Inspire 1 has a strong GPS signal and
can use the Vision Positioning System allowing it to hover accurately
in position indoors and out. If outdoors, this mode also means that a
Horne Point has been locked so that it can Return to Home if the
control signal is lost.

If you are not in this mode, toggle the Flight
Mode Switch to P position to enable it.

The Flight Mode Switch is locked in P mode by default.
Refer to the User Manual on how to unlock the switch.

There are three states in P mode.                                                            & Vision Positioning
P-GPS: GPS works best when outdoors in a wide open area, and
your Inspire 1 uses GPS to hover in place when the GPS signal is                             W Altitude 2.5 m
strong. P-OPTI: If GPS is not available, the aircraft can use the
Vision Positioning System to hover accurately. P-ATTI: Neither
GPS or Vision Positioning System available, aircraft is using only
its barometer for positioning, so only altitude is controlled.
Note that the Vision Positioning System may not work properly when
the Inspire 1 is flying over water, over surfaces without a clear pattern,
or in a low light environment.

          Return to home  · Return to Home:

                          When the GPS signal is strong, the aircraft will be able to record a
                          Horne Point and return to the Horne Point when needed. The GPS
                          location is recorded when the GPS signal icon in the DJI Pilot app is
                          either yellow or green.
                          The aircraft will return to the Home Point automatically in the following
                          cases (all require a strong GPS signal).
                          Smart RTH: When you press the RTH button on the remote controller
                          or in the App. Low Battery RTH: The DJI Pilot app notifies users to take
                          action when the battery level falls to a specified threshold.
                          Failsafe RTH: When the remote controller signal is lost.

· While returning home, its altitude can be adjusted by the user to avoid obstructions. Tall buildings may affect the remote controller signal.
   The Failsafe Return to Home procedure will be triggered if the signal is lost Be sure fly higher than any nearby buildings to avoid crashing.

· Flight Limits:

The Inspire 1 is not permitted to fly within no-fly zones as specified
by local laws and regulations. Please visit here:
http://www.dji.com/fly-safe for more information.

· Environmental Considerations:

1. Do not fly in severe weather conditions. This includes high wind, snow, rain and smog.
2. Only fly in open areas. Tall buildings and steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass and GPS signal.
3. Avoid from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water.
4. Minimize electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of electromagnetism, including mobile

   phone base stations or radio transmission towers.
5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and temperature. Be very careful when

   flying 14700 feet (4500 meters) or more above sea level as battery and aircraft performance may be reduced.
6. The Inspire 1 cannot operate in P mode or use GPS at polar latitudes. It only can fly in ATTl mode and use the Vision Position-

   ing System.
Appendix

· Aircraft (Model: T600)

Weight (Battery Included)       2935g

Maximum Weight of Payload 3400g

Max Tilt Angle                  35°

Max Ascent Speed                5m/s

Max Descent Speed               4m/s

Max Speed                       22m/s (ATTl mode, no wind)

Max Flight Altitude             4500m

Max Flight Time                 Approximately 18 minutes

Operating Temperature Range -1oac to 40ac

· Gimbal (Model: ZENMUSE X3)    ±0.03°
  Angular Vibration Range       Pitch: -goa to +30° Pan: ±320°
  Controllable Range            Pitch: 120° /s Pan: 180° /s
  Max Controllable Speed

· Vision Positioning            <8m/s (Altitude 2m)
  Velocity Range                5cm-500cm
  Altitude Range                Surface with clear pattern and adequate lighting (Lux> 15)
  Operating Environment         0-250 em
  Operating Range

· Camera (Name/Model: X3/FC350)

Sensor                          Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels:12.4M (total pixels: 12.76M)

Lens                            FOV (Field Of View) 94a 20mm (35mm format equivalent) f/2.8 Focus at oo

ISO Range                       100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)

Electronic Shutter Speed        8 s-1/8000 s

Image Max Size                  4000x3000

Still Photography Modes         Single shoot; Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames

                                Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0. 7EV Bias; Time-lapse

Video Recording Modes           UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30

                                FHD: 1920x1 080p24/25/30/48/50/60 HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

Max Bitrate Of Video Storage 60Mbps

Supported File Formats          FAT32/exFAT Photo: JPEG, DNG Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4AVC/H.264)

Supported SO Card Types         Micro SO, Max capacity: 64GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required

Operating Temperature Range oa C to 40° C

· Remote Controller (Name: C1)  922.7MHz-927.7MHz (Japan only) 5.725GHz-5.825 GHz 2.400GHz-2.483GHz
  Operating Frequency           2km (outdoor and unobstructed)
 Transmitting Distance          USB, Mini-HDMI
 Video Output Port              -10° C to 40°C
  Operating Temperature Range   6000mAh LiPo 2S
  Battery

· Charger (Modei:A14-100P1A)

Voltage                         26.3V

Rated Power                     100W

· Intelligent Flight Battery (Model: TB47, Standard)

Capacity                        4500mAh

Voltage                         22.2V

Battery Type                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery

Energy                          99.9Wh

Net Weight                      570g

Operating Temge                 -1oac to 40° C

Max Charging Power              180W

· Intelligent Flight Battery (Model: TB48, Optional)

Capacity                        5700mAh

Voltage                         22.8V

Battery Type                    LiPo 6S High voltage battery

Energy                          129.6Wh                                     ( E1313 & RoHS ::ff

Net Weight                      670g                                        FCC ID, SS3-WM6101410 FCC ID, SS3-GL6581410
                                                                            This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules.
Operating Temge                 -1 oa C to 40a C                            Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
                                                                            (l) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
Max Charging Power              180W                                        (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference

* This Quick Start Guide is subject to change without prior notice.              that may cause undesired operation.

                                                                                                                 YC.BZ.SOOIOI
Using INSPIRE 1

Watch the videc tutorials on the official OJI website and read the following documents before using your Inspire 1 for the first time:

Inspire 1 Quick Start Guide, Disdaimer, Intelligent Right Battery Safety Guidelines, Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines, In the Box,
Inspire 1 User Manual.

1. Download the DJI Pilot App                            2. Watch the Tutorial Videos

Visit http://m.dji.net/djipilot or scan this QR code to  Watch the tutorial videos at www.dji.com or in
download the OJI Pilot app through your mobile device.   the DJI Pilot app.

DJI Pilot app                                            The tutorial videos

· For the best user experience, please use mobile devices with iOS 8.0 (or higher) and Android 4.1.2 (or higher).
· Read the Inspire 1 User Manual in the DJI Pilot app or official DJI website for more details.

3. Check Battery Levels

Press the Power Button once on both the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller to check battery levels. The
Intelligent Flight Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Make sure both batteries are adequately
charged before each flight.
Press the power button once then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on the remote controller. Repeat to power off.
Press the power button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on the Intelligent Flight Battery. Repeat to
power off.

                                High                            Battery Level
                                                         Low High
               ~w

               y i:~: Battery Level

               y1
                                 Low

4. Charging

· Only use the official OJ I Inspire 1 charger for your Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller.
· To charge the Inspire 1 Intelligent Flight Battery or the remote controller, connect it to power through the port to a

   suitable power source (1 00-240V 50/60Hz).
· It is recommended to turn off the batteries before charging.
· Use the included charger to charge the Intelligent Flight Battery and the remote controller battery. When fully charged, the

   battery LEOs on the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller will turn off.
5. Preparing the Remote Controller

Tilt the Mobile Device Holder to the desired position then adjust
the antennas as shown. The strength of the remote controller
signal is different when the antenna position is different.

        s~~ Week6

                             The transmission signal between the aircraft and remote
                              controller will perform best when within the optimal
                              transmission range. If the signal is weak, fly the aircraft
                              closer to you to achieve optimal signal performance.

                                                                 CD Press the button on the side of the Mobile

                                                                                                          Device Holder to release the clamp.

                                                                                                     @ Place your device onto the clamp and adjust
                                                                                                          the clamp to hold it securely.

                                                                                                     @ Connect your mobile device to the remote
                                                                                                          controller with a USB cable. Plug one end of
                                                                                                          the cable into your mobile device, and the
                                                                                                          other end into the USB port on the back of
                                                                                                          the remote controller.

If you have purchased an Inspire 1 with dual remote controllers, the Master remote controller will connect to the aircraft
automatically when powered on. Master/Slave mode is disabled by default. Activate it and set it up through the DJI Pilot
app. The Master remote controller's Status LED will show solid green when it connected to the aircraft. The Slave
remote controller's Status LED will show solid blue when it is connected to the Master controller.

Connecting the Master remote controller to the Slave remote controller:
On the Master remote controller, launch the DJI Pilot app and go to the Camera page. Then tap Iii~ 11tll on the top of your
screen to enter the remote controller settings window. Tap "Activate Master/Slave Mode"and select "Master". Then
enter your desired connection password for the "Slave" remote controller.
On the Slave remote controller, select "Slave " and tap "Search" to find the Master remote controller. Select the "Master"
remote controller from the "Master RC List" and input the connection password.

A ·Do not use other 2.4GHz devices at the same time to avoid signal interference.

6. Preparing the Aircraft                                                        t ij t
                                                                                                  Travel Mode
The aircraft is in Travel Mode during delivery. Follow these steps to change it                 ~
to Landing Mode before your first flight:

CD Insert the Intelligent Flight Battery into the battery compartment.

@Power on the remote controller and the Intelligent Flight Battery.
@Toggle the Transformation Switch up and down at least four times. Repeat

    to change aircraft to Travel Mode.
    Power off the aircraft before mounting the gimbal and camera.

                                                                                                                                                      Landing Mode

A ·If you have purchased the dual remote controller version, you must use the Master remote controller to deactivate Travel Mode.
7. Mounting the Gimbal and Camera

(j) Remove the Gimbal Cover.

@ Rotate the Gimbal Lock to the unlocked position (to the right when

facing the nose of the aircraft). Insert the gimbal by aligning the

white mark on the gimbal with white mark on the Gimbal Lock.

@ Rotate the gimbal lock back into the locked position (to the left

when facing the nose of the aircraft).

~           Gimbal Cover

                                        Gimbal Lock

                                        Mounting Place

                                        Gimbal Connector

                                                                                            Locked

8. Preparing for Flight                                                                                ~ 0000

Place the aircraft on a flat surface, in an open space, with the back facing you.           DJI Pilot
                                                                                               App
(j) Move the Right Mode Switch to the right to select P mode. ( P mode is Positioning
                                                                                                 7
     mode, A mode is ATTl mode, and the F mode is Function mode. )
                                                                                            0
@ Power on the remote controller.
@ Power on the aircraft and wait for the self-check to complete. Do not move the

     aircraft during the self-check.

@ Ensure the remote controller is linked to the aircraft before flight. Re-link the remote

     controller to the aircraft if it fails to connect. Refer to the INSPIRE 1 User Manual
     on how to link.

® Ensure the remote controller and your mobile device are connected with a USB

     cable. Launch the DJI Pilot app when connecting to the aircraft for the first time,
     and follow the instructions within the app.

@ Launch the DJI Pilot app and tap "Camera". Ensure the aircraft is functioning

     normally by completing the Checklist.Beginner Mode is enabled by default when
     you launch the DJI Pilot app for the first time. The aircraft's altitude and flight
     distance is restricted when flying in Beginner Mode. We recommend you fly in
     Beginner Mode when using the aircraft for the first time. You may disable Beginner
     Mode in the settings page of the DJI Pilot app.

(j) Calibrate Compass: tap"MODE"in the app and select "Compass Calibration" to

     calibrate the compass, then follow on-screen instructions.

® Attach propellers with the black nut onto motors with the black dot and spin

     counter-clockwise to secure. Attach propellers with gray nut onto motors without a
     black dot and spin clockwise to secure. Place all propellers onto the correct motor
     and tighten by hand to ensure security before flight.

 A · When not in P mode, the Inspire 1 will only maintain altitude, not position, and will

. . drift with wind or user inputs. Return to Home is not available in F mode.

9. Remote Controller Operation

The remote controller is by default set to Mode 2 (throttle controlled by the left-hand stick).
Adjust the tilt angle of camera by using the Gimbal Dial.

Left Stick                              Right Stick                                                      Gimbal Dial

                                                                      ~'                               ~

                                                                      ~··                              :~

'· You can set the remote controller to different modes using the DJI Pilot app.  ~
10. Flight                                     · Auto Taking- Off & Landing:

    _.sal~ it":>~~~. fii.,IJ- ·                      (In the Camera screen of the DJI Pilot app)

Before taking off, make sure the aircraft      8Tap and confirm your selection. The aircraft will automatically take off, retract
status bar in the DJI Pilot app shows "Safe
to Fly (GPS)". Otherwise, the aircraft cannot  its landing gear, and hover at 1.5 meters after you tap and confirm Auto Take-off.
hover in place and record the Home Point.
                                               C)Tap and confirm your selection. The landing gear will lower and the aircraft

                                               will automatically land.

· Manual Take- off & Landing:                                                                                     · Return to Home

Start the motors by pulling both control sticks to the bottom inside corners.                                     RTH Button  TheApp's
Release the sticks once the motors start. Slowly push the left (throttle) stick                                               RTH Button
up to take off. Once in the air, toggle the Transformation Switch up to raise
the landing gear.

         Start I Stop the motors

                                                            Left stick I Up (Slowly)  Toggle the Transformation   1. Press and hold the return home
                                                                                                 Switch up           button until the LED surrounding
Gently pull the left (throttle) stick down to lower the aircraft                                                     the button is blinking white, and the
until it touches the ground. Pull both sticks to the bottom                           Left stick I Down (Slowly)     return home procedure is in
inside corners to stop the motors.                                                                                   process. Press once to stop the
After flight, change the aircraft back into Travel Mode. Do not                        Q                             procedure.
attempt this at the beach, over grass, or over monochromatic
carpet. Then place the aircraft on a flat surface and remove                                                      2. The DJI Pilot app notifies users to
the gimbal and camera for transport.                                                                                 take action when the battery level
                                                                                                                     falls to a specified threshold. This
     · It is highly recommended that you only take off when the Aircraft Status bar is green.                        warning threshold can be set
     · The aircraft cannot take off if the Critical Low Battery Warning is active.                                   within the DJI Pilot app. The
     · The Intelligent Flight Battery must warm-up if the outside temperature is low. A                              aircraft will land immediately when
                                                                                                                     it reaches Critical Low Battery
       warning will display in the DJI Pilot app.                                                                    Level Warning.
     · Rotating propellers can be dangerous. Do not start the motors when there are
                                                                                                                  3. Failsafe: The Inspire 1 will enter
       people nearby and always fly in a wide open area.                                                             RTH mode if remote controller
     · Never stop the motors during flight. Power off the aircraft prior to switching off the                        signal is lost.

       remote controller after landing.                                                                           A · While returning home, its

                                                                                                                  a a a~itude can be adjusted by the

                                                                                                                             user to avoid obstructions.

Appendix                                Remote Controller                                                         Using the Camera
                                        Status LED
                                                                                                                  · Adjust the camera parameters using the

Aircraft                                \j) Remote controller is functioning normally                             Camera Settings Dial on the remote
Status Indicator Description                                                                                      controller or through the DJ I Pilot app.
                                              but is not connected to the aircraft.                               Press the Shutter Button/Video Record
--,IJ: Slowly: Safe to fly,GPS working                                                                            Button to capture photos or record
                                        @ Remote controller is functioning normally                               videos.

                                              and is connected to the aircraft.

           Double: Vision Positioning   @ Remote controller is in Slave Mode                                      · Adjust the tilt of the gimbal using the
           System working, no GPS                                                                                    Gimbal Dial.
                                              and not connected to the aircraft.
                                                                                                                  · Download photos and video from the SD
--_,o: Slowly: P-ATTl or ATTl           @ Remote controller is in Slave Mode                                         card to your mobile device through the
                                                                                                                     DJI Pilot app. You may also use a SD
                                             and is connected to the aircraft.

:0: Quickly: Not connected              ~·~    B-B-B... Aircraft low battery warning
  1                                     'I'
''   to remote controller                      or remote controller error.

--,·,- Slowly: Low battery level warning ~ B-B-... Remote controller has been                                     card reader to export files to your PC.
                                                                           idle for 5 minutes.
                                                                                                i l1!1i'!l:f . .
~j'~ Quickly: Critical low battery level warning

'I' ----------------------------

lj) Solid: Critical error

/~·: ~o: Blinking Alternately:                 Learn more information from:                                       ©2014 OJI. All Rights Reserved
        1  Compass calibration required                                                                               Designed by OJ I. Printed in China.
'''  ''                                        www.dji.com/productlinspire-1
                        Exhibit 3
                      DJI Inspire
                     Safety Guide

                                   Page 17 of17

Gregory Dirk Sichel
Vi .0 2014012
Reading Inspire 1 Manuals

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to help you make full use of your DJI Inspire 1:
1. In The Box
2. Disclaimer and Warning
3. Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines
4. INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines
5. INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide
6. INSPIRE 1 User Manual
Check all of the included parts listed in the In The Box document. Read the Disclaimer and Warning,
Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines, and INSPIRE 1 Safety Guidelines before flight. Then prepare for
your first flight by using the INSPIRE 1 Quick Start Guide and watching all of the tutorial videos. If you have
questions, refer to the INSPIRE 1 User Manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users,
particularly those who have previously used DJI products, may choose to skip to the Inspire 1 Quick Start
Guide to begin preparing for flight.

Individual Parts

1. Linking is required if you wish to replace your remote controller or receiver, or add a new remote controller.
    Refer to the user manual for more information about how to link the aircraft.

2. If the remote controller is powered on and has not been used for 5 minutes, it will sound an alert. After 10
    minutes it will automatically power off. Move the sticks or perform some other action to cancel the alert.

3. A Slave remote controller cannot be linked with the aircraft and cannot control the aircraft's flight. You may
    change it to a Master remote controller via the DJI Pilot app, and then link it to the aircraft to control flight.

4. Ensure the Mobile Device Holder is firmly in place and does not slip.
5. For the GPS in the remote controller to function properly, and the Dynamic Home Point to be accurate,

    ensure the DJI logo is facing the sky and keep the remote controller away from any metal objects.
6. Repair or replace the remote controller if damaged. A damaged remote controller antenna will greatly

    decrease performance.
7. When on the go, you may charge the remote controller from the aircraft's Intelligent Flight Battery.

1. Photos or videos cannot be transmitted or copied from the camera if the Intelligent Flight Battery is powered off.
2. Be sure to power off the Intelligent Flight Battery correctly, otherwise your camera parameters will not be saved

    and any recorded videos may be damaged.
3. Test the camera by shooting a few test images to check that it is operating correctly before shooting important

    pictures.
4. Respect the privacy of others when using the camera. Make sure you comply with local privacy laws, regulations

    and moral standards.
5. Check camera settings before use to make sure you can adjust them to fit your needs.

1. The gimbal and gimbal connector are very delicate. Handle with care and do not touch the gimbal
    connector, as any damage will cause it to function abnormally.

2. A gimbal motor error may occur if: (1) The aircraft is placed on uneven ground or other objects obstruct
    the gimbal's full range of motion, or (2) The gimbal has undergone an excessive impact, e.g. a collision.
    Please only takeoff from flat, open areas and protect the gimbal after powering up.

3. Hold the gimbal firmly when detaching or reattaching it, so it does not drop.
4. Do not add any payloads to the gimbal, as this may cause the gimbal to function abnormally, or even

2 (9 2014 ~),.Ji. AH Rights Rescrv,xJ.
    lead to motor damage.
5. Precision elements in the gimbal may be damaged by a collision or impact, which will cause the gimbal

    to function abnormally.

·;~~~-p,~~,~~'j~t'?.

1. Ensure the compass is calibrated before every flight. Failure to calibrate may lead to a poor flight
    performance or even failure.

2. DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference. This includes areas
    where there are massive metal objects, parking structures, steel reinforcements underground, or under bridges.

3. DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration, such as keys or mobile phones.
4. The compass should always be recalibrated when moving from indoor spaces to outdoor spaces.
5. If the rear LED shows a solid red light, compass calibration has failed. Please recalibrate.
6. After successful calibration, the compass may become abnormal when you put the aircraft on the

    ground. This is because of magnetic interference that may be underground. Move the aircraft to another
    location and try again.

The Inspire 1 features a built-in flight control system to make operation as safe as possible. However, it is
good practice to remove all propellers before switching it on for calibration or changing other parameter
settings.

Refer to the Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines and battery sticker for usage and maintenance information.

1. Store the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller in a cool, dry place away from direct sunlight,
    to ensure the built-in LiPo battery does not overheat. Recommended storage temperature: between
    22°C and 28°C for storage periods of more than three months. Never store in environments outside the
    temperature range of -20°C to 45°C.

2. Do not allow the camera to come into contact with, or become immersed in, water or other liquids. If it
    gets wet, wipe dry with a soft, absorbent cloth. Turning on an aircraft that has fallen into water may cause
    permanent component damage. Do not use substance containing alcohol, benzene, thinners or other
    flammable substances to clean or maintain the camera. Do not store the camera in humid or dusty areas.

3. Always keep all parts out of the reach of children, as the cables, straps or small parts may be dangerous
    if swallowed. If swallowed, go to the hospital immediately.

4. Detach the gimbal from the Inspire 1 when storing for a long period of time or transporting over long
    distances. Also replace the Gimbal Cover when storing.

1. Check every part of the aircraft if it is violently impacted. If you have any problems or questions, please
    contact a DJI authorized dealer.

2. Old, chipped, or broken propellers or motors should never be used.
3. Regularly check the Battery Level Indicators to see the current battery level and overall battery life. When

    the battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.
4. After every 50 hours of flight time, DJI recommends you perform a thorough inspection of your Inspire 1

     and all of its parts and components to ensure the safe operation of your aircraft.
Flight Environment Requirements

1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding 1Om/s, snow,
    rain, smog, heavy wind, hail, lightning, tornado or hurricane.

2. Do not use the aircraft in dust or sandstorms.
3. Fly in open areas, as tall buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass

    and block the GPS signal.
4. Keep the aircraft away from obstacles, people, animals, high voltage power lines, trees, and bodies of

    water when in flight.
5. Avoid interference between the remote controller and other wireless equipment. Make sure to turn off the

    Wi-Fi on your mobile device.
6. Do not fly near areas with magnetic or radio interference. These include but are not limited to: high

    voltage lines, large scale power transmission stations, mobile base stations and broadcasting towers.
    Failing to do so may compromise the transmission quality of this product, cause remote controller and
    video transmission errors may affect flight orientation and location accuracy. The aircraft may behave
    abnormally or fall out of control in areas with too much interference.
7. P mode is unavailable in polar zones. Users can use ATTl mode instead.
8. Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

Flight Warnings

~~~~,P:~~~~~t~~~~i~~~P:~~~~~r·

1. Return to Home will not work if the GPS signal is insufficient or GPS is not active.
2. Press the RTH Button on the remote controller to bring the aircraft back to the Home Point instead of

    turning off the remote controller.
3. Tall buildings may adversely affect the Failsafe function. Please adjust the aircraft location, altitude and

    speed while returning home to avoid obstacles.
4. Make sure to always fly the aircraft within the transmission range of the remote controller.
5. When updating the Home Point, do not block the GPS signal of the remote controller and ensure the new

    Home Point is correct on the live map.
6. Do not update the Home Point near tall buildings, as the GPS may be blocked and lead to an incorrect

    location being stored.
7. Only use the Failsafe and Return to Home functions in case of emergency, as they may be affected by

    the weather, the environment, or any nearby magnetic fields.

1. When the Critical Battery Level Warning activates and the aircraft is descending automatically, you may
    push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

2. When battery warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Home Point or land to avoid
    losing power during flight.

1. The Vision Positioning System cannot work properly over surfaces that do not have pattern variations.
    The effective altitude for Vision Positioning System to function correctly is less than 2.5 meters.

2. Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
3. Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize patterns on the ground in low light conditions (less

    than 100 lux).
4. Keep your pets away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning System is activated, as the sonar sensors

    emit high frequency sound that is only audible to some pets.
5. Note that Visual Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying too fast or too low.
1. Ensure the landing gear is lowered before landing.
2. Stay away from the aircraft when it is transforming to prevent injury.
3. DO NOT attempt to catch the aircraft, as the landing gear will lower if the Visual Positioning system

    detects an object and may cause injury.
4. Keep the aircraft arms clean, otherwise transformation may be affected.
5. Never apply lubricants to aircraft arms.

1. If you are using a phone as your mobile display device, be sure to continue flying safely if you receive an
    incoming call.

2. Land as soon as possible if there is an alert shown on the OJI Pilot app.
3. Upon landing, power off the aircraft first, then switch off the remote controller.

Preflight Checklist

1. Check that all parts are in good condition. Do not fly with aging or damaged parts.
2. Remote controller, Intelligent Flight Battery and mobile device are all fully charged.
3. Propellers are mounted correctly and securely.
4. Lens is clear.
5. Micro-SO card has been inserted, if necessary.
6. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
7. Gimbal is correctly attached to the aircraft.
8. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
9. The OJI Pilot app can connect to the camera and all firmware has been updated to the latest version.
