August 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12617
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2468

Mr. Gregory B. Mays
2220 Swamp Fox Road
Midlothian, VA 231112

Dear Mr. Mays:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted June 26, 2015 and letter dated July 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photographs of residential real estate.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision and DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Gregory B. Mays is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Gregory B. Mays is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
               PETITION FOR SECTION 333 EXEMPTION ­
                                GREGORY B. MAYS

July 12, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
800 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC 20591

Re: Petition of Gregory B. Mays for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the
      FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Gregory B. Mays (individual) hereby applies for an exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow civil operation of small
unmanned aerial systems ("sUAS" or "UAS") as part of daily business operations.

                                      TABLE OF CONTENTS

I. Description of Petitioner
II. Description of Proposed Operation
III. Gregory B. Mays Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333

         a. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational
             Capability

         b. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in the
             included UAS Standard Operating Guide

IV. Regulations From Which Exemption is Sought
         a. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
         b. 14 C.F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards for Normal Category Rotorcraft
         c. 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Marking of the Aircraft
         d. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
         e. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b)(2), 91.203(a) and (b): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the
             Aircraft

                                                                                                                          1
V.     f. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Actions
VI.    g. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
VII.   h. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
VIII.  i. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
IX.    j. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
X.     k. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417: Maintenance and Inspections
XI.    l. 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. § 61.3, 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges

           and Limitations
       Public Interest
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       APPENDIX A: Gregory B. Mays UAS Standard Operating Guide
       APPENDIX B: Don't Fly Drones Here Map: Restricted Area
       APPENDIX C: FAA Advisory Circular
       APPENDIX D: AMA Safety Code

    I. Description of Petitioner
    Gregory B. Mays provides real estate services to clients that often require photographs. In
recent months clients have requested aerial photographs that would require hiring an outsider to
provide services related to taking said photographs.
    These photos are often utilized for marketing purposes, however, the request for aerial photos
has been extended to clients who require same in an effort to lend money for mortgage purposes
in conformance with FNMA/FHLMC, FHA, and others, guidelines.
     Greg B. Mays & Associates, LC is a small real estate appraisal company that has been in

         business since 1991.
     Services include real estate consultation, appraisal, sales, and property management.
     Greg B. Mays & Associates, LC is properly licensed in the Commonwealth of Virginia to

         provide said services.
     Greg B. Mays holds the following licenses/certifications; Realtor and Real Estate Agent,

         Certified Residential Real Estate Appraiser, Private Pilot.

                                                                                                                              2
    In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a), Gregory B. Mays provides the following
information in support of its Petition for Exemption.

Name and Address for Petitioner:

Gregory B. Mays
2220 Swamp Fox Rd.
Midlothian, VA 231112
804-378-9655
gregbm@verizon.net

Point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

Greg B. Mays, RAA
Owner
2220 Swamp Fox Rd.
Midlothian, VA 23112

    II. Description of Proposed Operation

    Gregory B. Mays proposes to conduct the operation of a UAS, specifically the DJI Phantom
2 or DJI Inspire, within the parameters of providing aerial photographs of single family
residences and or large acreage parcels of land...

    The Pilot in Command ("PIC") for each operation will, at a minimum, be Gregory B. Mays.
Gregory B. Mays has adopted and incorporated many of the AMA's UAS Safety Code (the
"Code") and Operating Guide's (the "Guide") procedures into its own safety code and guide,
which sets forth the mandatory standard operating procedures for its proposed UAS operations as
detailed herein. The exception would be the location of operations that will take place at private
residences with the authorization of the owner and not on property leased or owned by the AMA.
These procedures provide a baseline to ensure that the Phantom 2 Vision or Inspire 1 pilot
possess sufficient knowledge of both airspace and the technology to operate safely in the
National Airspace System ("NAS"). Any other assistant or photographer will operate with
Gregory B. Mays as the PIC in each operation and will meet the standards specified in the Guide,
as well as any other additional requirement the FAA requires under this application.

    III. Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333

    Proposed operations in this Petition for Exemption qualify for expedited approval pursuant to
Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria and relevant factors are satisfied.

             a. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

                                                                                                                              3
         Gregory B. Mays will employ the DJI Phantom 2 Vision ("Phantom 2V") or DJI Inspire
1 quadcopter for the operations described in this Petition for Exemption. Both of these UAS are
classified as a small drone or hobby craft and are lawfully used for recreational operations. The
Phantom 2V has a maximum take-off weight of 5.53 pounds. The flight speed is limited to a
maximum of 33.5 miles per hour and it will not be flown at an altitude that exceeds 200 feet
AGL. All flights will be managed in such a way that they can be safely terminated with a reserve
battery power of 25% of the battery's maximum charge. Neither the Phantom 2Vor the Inspire 1
carry any flammable propellant or fuel. Both UAS also has an integrated GPS system that
calculates the UAS's position and height and relays that information via a secure connection to
the operator. Through use of this GPS system and the installed firmware, the user is able to set
maximum height and radius in relation to a pre-determined home point, restricting flight to a
zone that is both approved by the FAA and the owner of the property being photographed. This
system also automatically restricts flight within a range of airports that is greater than the 5 miles
that the FAA requires. Additionally, the UAS contains a failsafe mode if its connection to the
remote control is lost, and this system permits the UAS to return to a predetermined location and
land without injury or damage.

             b. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
                  the UAS Standard Operating Guide

         Together, the Guide and the Phantom 2V's and or Inspire 1's User Manual contain all of
the procedures and limitations necessary to successfully perform the operations specified in this
Petition for Exemption. To assist the FAA in making a safety assessment of Gregory B. Mays
proposed operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions which will
ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines:

         1. The Phantom 2 weighs 5.53 +/- pounds and the Inspire 1 weighs 6.50 +/- pounds.
         2. Flights will be operated within the VLOS of the PIC and or an observer, at a

             minimum.
         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to 25% reserve

             battery power remaining.
         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet AGL.
         5. All operations will be conducted in class G airspace.
         6. Flights will be restricted to pre-determined areas of the owner/clients property, which

             will always be located outside of 5 miles radius from an airport of any size or the
             necessary NOTAM will be filed for safe operation in advance of operations.
         7. Flight zones will be located at the maximum distance away from persons, inhabited
             structures, and vehicles that is possible given the layout of the property. The flight
             zone in which operations occurs will be assigned based on the real time traffic,
             activities, and weather conditions.

                                                                                                                              4
         8. Flights will be limited to a speed of 30 mph and vertical ascent will be limited to 15
             mph.

         9. The UAS will be operated and maintained in accordance with the requirements of the
             Phantom 2V or Inspire 1 User Manual and any manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

         10. Prior to the operation, the flights will be fully preplanned and briefed, including
             possible contingencies and emergency procedures.

         11. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in the case of unpredicted obstacles
             or emergencies.

         12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
             city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate
             governmental agencies.

         13. All UAS operations will occur in daylight, Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") conditions.
             Instrument flight rules flights are prohibited and no flights will occur at night, or in
             adverse weather conditions.

         14. The UAS will be controlled by the Phantom 2 or Inspire 1 Remote Control System
             and the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall
             comply with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate
             government oversight agency requirements.

    IV. Regulations From Which Exemption is Sought

    The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest. Gregory B. Mays
seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45, 61 and 91 for
purposes of conducting the requested operations using UAS. Listed below are: (1) the specific
sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and; (2) reasons why the exemption would
not adversely affect safety or provide a level of safety equivalent to the rule, including any
operating procedures and safeguards that Gregory B. Mays has adopted which will ensure a level
of safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.

             a. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

         Part 21 Subpart H prescribes procedural requirements for the issue of airworthiness
certificates. Gregory B. Mays requests exemption from this subpart to operate the Phantom 2V or
Inspire 1 without the requirement for an airworthiness certificate. Based on the proposed UAS
being limited in size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, and operating within VLOS, Gregory
B. Mays believes that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary to ensure an equivalent level
of safety to manned aircraft operations.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

                                                                                                                              5
         The UAS indicated is safe when taking into account its size, weight, speed, and
operational capability. As set forth above, the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 weigh less than 7
pounds and will be flown at less than 30 mph and completely outside controlled airspace.
Additionally, neither craft carries pilots nor passengers, carries no explosive materials and or
flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within the parameters stated in the Guide.

         Operations conducted under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by
the PIC and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide
security for the area of operation. In all cases, the UAS operated under the proposed conditions,
will be at least as safe as, or safer than conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness
certificate without the restrictions and conditions of the proposed UAS operations.

         Further, the Phantom 2V does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or
ATC, because those capabilities will be possessed by the PIC and Observer, who are not onboard
the UAS. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, the UAS will be
operated at all times in visual line-of-sight and in VFR conditions. Id.

             b. 14 C.F.R. Part 27: Airworthiness Standards for Normal Category Rotorcraft

         Title 14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent Gregory B. Mays UAS would otherwise
require certification under Part 27, it seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness standards
for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

             c. 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Marking of the Aircraft

         Gregory B. Mays seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.

14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

         Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces
         of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

         Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 is by definition "unmanned" and so has no entrance
to a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the above stated words can be placed. Given the size

                                                                                                                              6
of the UAV, two-inch lettering may be impossible. The word "Exempt" can be placed on the
fuselage in compliance with 14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f).

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the Phantom 2V or Inspire 1
marked on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer and others
working with the UAS will see the identification of the Phantom 2V or Inspire 1 as "Exempt" if
so desired. The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos.
10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

             d. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the Phantom 2V and the Inspire 1 the description of proposed operations above,
an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

             e. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(b)(2), 91.203(a) and (b): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the
                  Aircraft

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) states:

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft
                  ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
         Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
         thereof.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b) state:

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
         within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is
         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

                                                                                                                              7
         Given the small size and configuration of the Phantom 2V, it would be impossible to
keep airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is
simply no room. Also the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by
Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight
manual, registration certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station
from which he or she is operating the aircraft. As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion
clarifies, the intent of the rule is to ensure the pilot has access to these key documents during
flight. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved be ensuring that the pilot has
access to the documents at the ground control station or point of control from which he or she is
piloting the Phantom 2V or Inspire 1.

             f. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Actions

         This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to
ensure the safety of flight. As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft
an exemption will be needed.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided through the PIC following the procedures
set forth in the Guide and Manufacturer's User Manual. The PIC will take all actions including
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft
performance data before initiation of flight. The PIC will account for all relevant site-specific
conditions in the preflight procedures. The FAA has granted exemption from this regulation to
other small UAS operators. See Exemption No. 11109.

         Additionally, the PIC, Gregory B. Mays, also being a licensed pilot, understands the
importance of being prepared to fly as an airman and will always adhere to the same IAMSAFE
checklist followed when flying manned aircraft.

             g. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Gregory B. Mays seeks an exemption from flight instruction requirements contained
within 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a). This section provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
fully functioning dual controls.

                                                                                                                              8
         Equivalent Safety Protocol

         For student training purposes the PIC and student may use a "buddy box" system that
utilizes two transmitters when applicable. The transmitter of the student is connected by a trainer
cable to another transmitter (master transmitter) controlled by the PIC instructor. The PIC
Instructor is able to control the UAS with his or her transmitter then flip a switch to turn control
over to the student and flip the switch again to reclaim control. In this way, the PIC Instructor
can easily demonstrate how to fly the UAS or rescue the UAS if the student makes a poor
aeronautical decision without passing the same transmitter back and forth to preserve safety to
the NAS and manned aircraft operations.

         Given the size and speed of the UAS that the Gregory B. Mays intends to use, an
equivalent level of safe training can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or
passengers are aboard the UAS, and as required by the Guide, all persons will be a safe distance
away in the event that any difficulties during flight instruction occurs.

         Moreover, Petitioner will conduct training in a controlled and sterile environment. As
required by the Guide, training and instruction will be conducted in a sterile area on property that
is owned and controlled by the Gregory B. Mays. These facilities will not be open to the public
during UAS operations, and access will be restricted to authorized business personnel involved
with the company.

             h. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Gregory B. Mays requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of
14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft
may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle,
or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

         An exemption is required because the proposed UAS operations will occur at under 200
feet AGL. Further, while the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 will never be flown in or over
congested areas, due to the nature and location of the proposed operations, the PIC, Observer(s),
Instructors and/or Students may at times be less than 200 feet away from the UAS.

         Equivalent Safety Protocol

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
weights proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel onboard the Phantom 2V and
Inspire 1, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with
conventional aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and

                                                                                                                              9
speed of the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1, as well as the controlled and sterile location where the
operations will occur. In order to avoid any risk to manned aircraft, flight operations will be
restricted to 200 feet AGL or below. As set forth in the Guide, the Phantom 2V's or Inspire 1
flight height and radius restrictions will be set according to each operator's level of experience
which will be judged by the PIC. The Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 will be operated in an area
that is owned by the client and closed to the public when in use. These restrictions will ensure
that the proposed UAS operations are performed in a manner that protects the safety of
participants, nonparticipants, the UAS, and other property.

             i. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required to
the extent that the Phantom 2V does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude
read out.

         Equivalent Safety Protocol

         The Guide requires compass calibration prior to each operation of the Phantom 2V to
ensure the GPS functions correctly. The Phantom 2V User Manuel contains instructions for
achieving this and the manufacturer, DJI, will provide additional support if necessary.

             j. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Gregory B. Mays requests an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for
flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
             first point of intended landing, and assuming normal cruising speed ­

                       i. During the day, to fly after that for at least 25 minutes; or

                      ii. At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on the energy capabilities of the 5200mAh LiPo
battery used in the Phantom 2V and the 5700mAh LiPo battery used in the Inspire 1 means that
no meaningful flight operations can be conducted with the Phantom 2V or Inspire 1 while still
maintaining a 30 minute battery reserve. An exemption from the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.151(a) is therefore required.

         Equivalent Safety Protocol

                                                                                                                             10
         The batteries powering the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 provide approximately 25
minutes of flight time. Training operations will be limited to a minimum voltage to ensure
appropriate reserve battery to maintain an equivalent level of safety at all times. The UAS will
notify the operator when they are approaching and they are required to land at their home point
and either switch out the battery or pause operations for recharging. If both the operator and PIC
fail to land the UAS prior to the allotted minimum voltage, the UAS will autonomously return to
its original launch position.

             k. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417: Maintenance and Inspections

         Gregory B. Mays seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R., sections 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, and 91.417. These rules specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. §
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies
repaired as described in part 43 of this chapter.") Exemption from these rules is requested
because these sections of Title 14 require the aircraft to be maintained and inspected in
accordance with Part 43, which only applies to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
Therefore, based on the exemptions sought, these sections do not apply to Gregory B. Mays
proposed UAS operations.

         Equivalent Safety Protocol

         Maintenance will be accomplished by authorized operators, staff, and/or contracted labor
pursuant to the Guide and the Manufacturer's User Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because a UAS like the Phantom 2V or like craft and its platform are very limited in
size, will carry a small payload, and will operate only in defined areas for limited periods of
time. If mechanical issues arise the Phantom 2V and or Inspire 1 will be able to land immediately
on property owned by the client and or owner of the craft to receive immediate maintenance. As
provided in the Guide and Manufacturer's User Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is
in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and will keep a log of
any maintenance performed.

             l. 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.3, 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and
                  Limitations

         Gregory B. Mays will serve as the PIC for all flight operations and the instructor/co-
instructor of any course including an element of drone flight. This should qualify persons with a
private pilot's certificate, among other qualifications, to instruct drone operation education when
necessary. However, as is the nature of the proposed operations, introductory flight instruction
using the Phantom 2V UAS will be provided to staff who will likely not have a private, or any
type of, pilot's license. Accordingly, Gregory B. Mays seeks exemption from 14 CFR Part 61,
including 14 CFR § 61.3 to the extent that these regulations are interpreted as requiring a student

                                                                                                                             11
receiving UAS operation instruction to have a private pilot's certificate. All student instruction
flights will be conducted under closely controlled circumstances, outside of navigable airspace
and away from persons or property not involved in the instruction. In addition, the student
instruction flights will be conducted under the close supervision of an instructor acting as PIC.

         In addition, to the extent that Gregory B. Mays may be employing persons with a private
pilot's license to operate its UAS, an exemption is also sought from 14 C.F.R § 61.113, which
restricts private pilot certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and which
would also require a second class medical certificate. The purpose of this section is to ensure the
skill and competency of any PIC where the aircraft is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In
this case, while instructors acting as PIC during UAS operations will be doing so for educational
purposes as part of Gregory B. Mays staff, the Phantom 2V or like craft carries neither
passengers nor cargo. Moreover, in the Astraeus Aerial Grant of Exemption (FAA Docket No.
FAA-2014-0352), the FAA determined that the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside
of controlled airspace did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring
the PIC to have a Commercial Pilot Certificate and Class I or II Medical Certificate.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Gregory B. Mays will ensure an equivalent level of safety to the regulatory requirements
of 14 C.F.R. Part 61, including 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.3 and 61.113 by following the safety procedures
provided in the Guide. In addition to training and experience requirements and limitations,
Gregory B. Mays has placed additional restrictions on its proposed UAS operations to ensure an
extra margin of safety. The UAS will only operate in a controlled and sterile area away from
persons and property not involved in the operation. It will be flown based on VLOS at no more
than 200 feet AGL. Collectively, these procedures ensure that the proposed UAS operations can
be conducted safely.

    V. Public Interest

    Because the technology to provide photographs that can better facilitate clients desires to
either market real estate or lend money for the purchase and or refinance of real estate has
advanced to a degree that is not possible from traditional photography the public will be well
served by offering aerial photographs that can better produce the desired results. Some of which
include the depiction of the beauty and aesthetics of a property for marketing purposes or the
location of a property to surrounding adverse conditions that may affect the decision process of
an institutional lender when making a loan for a particular property.

    VI. Privacy

    All of Gregory B. Mays UAS operations shall be conducted in accordance with applicable
federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy. Gregory B. Mays will not conduct flight
operations over property that it does not own or control without the prior consent and knowledge
of the property owner. Moreover, Gregory B. Mays will not capture or use images from
restricted areas requiring privacy and or confidentiality under any circumstance. This does not

                                                                                                                             12
mean, however, that images may not be taken that are permitted by law and do not require a level
of privacy that is an exception to the norm.

    VII. Federal Register Summary
    Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:
    Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following sections in Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations:
Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; 45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.3; 61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.103;
91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) &
(2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners by (a) ensuring that the operations of the UAS described above are recognized by the
FAA in the form of an exemption (b) how to safely operate small UAS in furtherance of career
objectives and to the benefit of public safety while providing a valuable service as it relates to
the real estate business provided by Gregory B. Mays.

                                                                                                                             13
                                             APPENDIX A
                        Gregory B. Mays UAS Standard Operating Guide

 Any UAS in operation must weigh less than 55 pounds at its maximum take-off
    weight.

 Flights will be operated within the VLOS of the PIC and an observer, at a minimum.
 Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to 25% reserve

    battery power remaining.
 Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet AGL.
 Radius and altitude limitations will be set according to an assessment of the

    experience level of the operator for each flight.
 All operations will be conducted in class G airspace.
 Flights will be restricted to pre-determined areas of the client/owners property.
 Flight zones will be located at the maximum distance away from persons, inhabited

    structures, and vehicles that is possible given the layout of the property. The flight
    zone in which operations occurs will be assigned based on surface and air traffic,
    activities, and weather conditions.
 Flights will be limited to a speed of 30 mph and vertical ascent will be limited to 15
    mph.
 The UAS will be operated and maintained in accordance with the requirements of the
    Phantom 2V or Inspire 1 User Manual and any manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
 Prior to the operation, the flights will be fully preplanned and briefed, including
    possible contingencies and emergency procedures.
 The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in the case of unpredicted obstacles
    or emergencies.
 All required permissions, NOTAM's and permits will be obtained from territorial,
    state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
    appropriate governmental agencies.
 All UAS operations will occur in daylight, Visual Flight Rules ("VFR") conditions.
    Instrument flight rules flights are prohibited and no flights will occur at night, or in
    adverse weather conditions.
 The UAS will be controlled by the Phantom 2 Remote Control System or like system
    and the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA shall
    comply with the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate
    government oversight agency requirements.

                                                                                                                   14
                                             APPENDIX B
Don't Fly Drones Here Map: Restricted Areas near the City of Richmond and the area of

                              operation most often occurring

           Maps are pulled from the "Drones Don't Fly Here" project website at
                        https://www.mapbox.com/drone/no-fly/.
                                                                                                                  15
                                     APPENDIX C
                               AMA Advisory Circular

ADVISORY CIRCULAR

                                                                      DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                                                                   Federal Aviation Administration
                                                                                                     Washington, D.C.

Subject: MODEL AIRCRAFT OPERATING STANDARDS

1. PURPOSE. This advisory circular outlines, and encourages voluntary compliance with, safety
standards for model aircraft operators.

2. BACKGROUND. Modelers, generally, are concerned about safety and do exercise good
judgement when flying model aircraft. However, model aircraft can at times pose a hazard to
full-scale aircraft in flight and to persons and property on the surface. Compliance with the
following standards will help reduce the potential for that hazard and create a good neighbor
environment with affected communities and airspace users.

3. OPERATING STANDARDS.

a. Select an operating site that is of sufficient distance from populated areas. The selected
site should be away from noise sensitive areas such as parks, schools, hospitals, churches, etc.

b. Do not operate model aircraft in the presence of spectators until the aircraft is
successfully flight tested and proven airworthy.

c. Do not fly model aircraft higher than 400 feet above the surface. When flying aircraft
within 3 miles of an airport, notify the airport operator, or when an air traffic facility is located at
the airport, notify the control tower, or flight service station.

d. Give right of way to, and avoid flying in the proximity of, full-scale aircraft. Use
observers to help if possible.

e. Do not hesitate to ask for assistance from any airport traffic control tower or flight
service station concerning compliance with these standards.

R.J. VAN VUREN
Director, Air Traffic Service

                                                      Initiated by: AAT-220

                                                      16
                                                  APPENDIX D

                                               AMA Safety Code

Academy of Model Aeronautics National Model Aircraft Safety Code

Effective January 1, 2014
A. GENERAL: A model aircraft is a non-human-carrying aircraft capable of sustained flight in the atmosphere.
It may not exceed limitations of this code and is
intended exclusively for sport, recreation, education and/or competition. All model flights must be conducted in
accordance with this safety code and any
additional rules specific to the flying site.

          1. Model aircraft will not be flown:
                       (a) In a careless or reckless manner.
                       (b) At a location where model aircraft activities are prohibited.

          2. Model aircraft pilots will:
                       (a) Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.
                       (b) See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter must be used when appropriate. (AMA Document
                       #540-D.)
                       (c) Not fly higher than approximately 400 feet above ground level within three (3) miles of an
                       airport without notifying the airport operator.
                       (d) Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport, heliport or seaplane base
                       except where there is a mixed use agreement.
                       (e) Not exceed a takeoff weight, including fuel, of 55 pounds unless in compliance with the
                       AMA Large Model Airplane program. (AMA Document 520-A.)
                       (f) Ensure the aircraft is identified with the name and address or AMA number of the owner on
                       the inside or affixed to the outside of the model aircraft. (This
                       does not apply to model aircraft flown indoors.)
                       (g) Not operate aircraft with metal-blade propellers or with gaseous boosts except for
                       helicopters operated under the provisions of AMA Document #555.
                       (h) Not operate model aircraft while under the influence of alcohol or while using any drug that
                       could adversely affect the pilot's ability to safely control the
                       model.
                       (i) Not operate model aircraft carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or burn, or any device
                       which propels a projectile or drops any object that creates a
                       hazard to persons or property.
                                  Exceptions:

                                   Free Flight fuses or devices that burn producing smoke and are securely attached

                                  to the model aircraft during flight.

                                   Rocket motors (using solid propellant) up to a G-series size may be used provided

                                  they remain attached to the model during flight. Model rockets may
                                  be flown in accordance with the National Model Rocketry Safety Code but may not be
                                  launched from model aircraft.

                                   Officially designated AMA Air Show Teams (AST) are authorized to use devices

                                  and practices as defined within the Team AMA Program Document.
                                  (AMA Document #718.)
                       (j) Not operate a turbine-powered aircraft, unless in compliance with the AMA turbine
                       regulations. (AMA Document #510-A.)
          3. Model aircraft will not be flown in AMA sanctioned events, air shows or model demonstrations
           unless:
                       (a) The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully demonstrated all maneuvers
                       intended or anticipated prior to the specific event.
                       (b) An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.
          4. When and where required by rule, helmets must be properly worn and fastened. They must be
           OSHA, DOT, ANSI, SNELL or NOCSAE approved or comply
           with comparable standards.

                                                                                                                             17
B. RADIO CONTROL (RC)
           1. All pilots shall avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels, vehicles or structures and shall
           avoid endangerment of life and property of others.
           2. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance with manufacturer's
           recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a new or repaired model aircraft.
           3. At all flying sites a safety line(s) must be established in front of which all flying takes place. (AMA
           Document #706.)
                       (a) Only personnel associated with flying the model aircraft are allowed at or in front of the
                       safety line.
                       (b) At air shows or demonstrations, a straight safety line must be established.
                       (c) An area away from the safety line must be maintained for spectators.
                       (d) Intentional flying behind the safety line is prohibited.
           4. RC model aircraft must use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by the Federal
           Communications Commission (FCC). Only individuals properly
           licensed by the FCC are authorized to operate equipment on Amateur Band frequencies.
           5. RC model aircraft will not knowingly operate within three (3) miles of any pre-existing flying site
           without a frequency-management agreement. (AMA
           Documents #922 and #923.)
           6. With the exception of events flown under official AMA Competition Regulations, excluding takeoff
           and landing, no powered model may be flown outdoors
           closer than 25 feet to any individual, except for the pilot and the pilot's helper(s) located at the
           flightline.
           7. Under no circumstances may a pilot or other person touch an outdoor model aircraft in flight while it
           is still under power, except to divert it from striking an
           individual.
           8. RC night flying requires a lighting system providing the pilot with a clear view of the model's attitude
           and orientation at all times. Hand-held illumination
           systems are inadequate for night flying operations.
           9. The pilot of an RC model aircraft shall:
                       (a) Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual contact without enhancement
                       other than by corrective lenses prescribed for the pilot.
                       (b) Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person View (FPV) only in accordance with
                       the procedures outlined in AMA Document #550.
                       (c) Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only in accordance with the
                       procedures outlined in AMA Document #560.

C. FREE FLIGHT
           1. Must be at least 100 feet downwind of spectators and automobile parking when the model aircraft is
           launched.
           2. Launch area must be clear of all individuals except mechanics, officials, and other fliers.
           3. An effective device will be used to extinguish any fuse on the model aircraft after the fuse has
           completed its function.

D. CONTROL LINE
           1. The complete control system (including the safety thong where applicable) must have an inspection
           and pull test prior to flying.
           2. The pull test will be in accordance with the current Competition Regulations for the applicable model
           aircraft category.
           3. Model aircraft not fitting a specific category shall use those pull-test requirements as indicated for
           Control Line Precision Aerobatics.
           4. The flying area must be clear of all utility wires or poles and a model aircraft will not be flown closer
           than 50 feet to any above-ground electric utility lines.
           5. The flying area must be clear of all nonessential participants and spectators before the engine is
           started.

                                                                                                                             18
