May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11661
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0519

Mr. Justin Schwigen
Owner
GridHawk Aviation, LLC
3426 Elik Lane
Alton, IL 62002

Dear Mr. Schwigen:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of GridHawk Aviation, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial inspections of high-tension power distribution lines, systems, and structures.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Aeryon SkyRanger.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, GridHawk Aviation, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, GridHawk Aviation, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aeryon SkyRanger
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
                                                                                                            4

    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
                                                                                                            5

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                     February 26, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation, LLC, Pursuant to Section
                  333 of the Federal Aviation Reform Act of 2012, et. al.

Dear Sir or Madam:

        Pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act") and
the procedures outlined in 14 CFR 11, we are requesting that GridHawk Aviation,LLC
as the owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that GridHawk Aviation, LLC, may
operate its small unmanned aircraft/lightweight unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS")
commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration, so long as
such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as
may be established by the FAA as required by §333.

        As described herein, Justin Schwigen is an experienced journeyman lineman and
has held such a position for the past 16 years. He holds a Journeyman Lineman's
credentials. Additionally, Justin Schwigen is a FAA licensed private pilot and actively
flies and maintains his currency pursuant to the FARs.

        Justin Schwigen has been actively involved in the process of inspection of high-
tension power distribution lines, systems, and structures both as a lineman, but also as
an airborne inspector and repairman. More specifically, Justin Schwigen has for several
years engaged in the process of accessing, inspecting, and repairing structures and
high-tension power distribution lines from an airborne platform, typically a helicopter.
During those years of work in that capacity, and having been exposed to the associated
dangers, Justin Schwigen and his company, GridHawk Aviation, LLC are pioneering
inspection and documentation of condition of various electrical distribution systems
and structures in both highly populated areas as well as remote areas throughout the
United States.

        GridHawk Aviation, LLC envisions the use of a "SkyRanger", a UAS with a
Ground Control System (GCS) to monitor (but not operate or control) the UAS unit's
downlink of data and/ or video. The Aeryon SkyRanger has weighs with imaging

                                                                                          Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation, LLC
                                                                                          Page 1 of8
payload less than 7 pounds. It can operate in line of sight (LOS) from the surface to 500
feet AGL for a period of between 35 and 40 minutes with on-board battery packs. (See
attached documentations)

         To date, Justin Schwigen and his company, GridHawk 'Aviation, LLC, have
rejected all offers to conduct inspections of power distribution systems and structures
through the use of UAS's for the purpose of first ensuring compliance with the Federal
Aviation Regulations. Notwithstanding the decision of Judge Patrick G. Geraghty in
the matter of Michael P. Huerta vs. Raphaelle Pirker, Docket Number CP-217, in which
he reasoned that no FAR prohibited the use of small unmanned aircraft or lightweight
UAS Grid Hawk Aviation, LLC, submits its Petition for Exemption under §333.

         GridHawk Aviation, LLC's exemption request would permit its operation of
lightweight unmanned UAS's remotely controlled in the line of site of the operator. The
operation would take place in those areas surrounding power distribution systems.and ,
structures which may be near both populated or congested areas as well as extremely ·
remote areas. It is contemplated that GridHawk Aviation will establish marked areas of
operation, cordoned-off locations and corresponding predetermined enhancements in
those areas of operations.

         Generally, as we have detailed below, the operations contemplated by
GridHawk Aviation, LLC, and Justin Schwigen serve the public interest in many ways.
Inspections of power distribution systems and related structures are necessitated by
both engineering limitations and regulations. The cost of these inspections are
extensive and often involve the use of an individual perched on a platform associated
with an airborne helicopter to perform inspections and repairs. There is a
corresponding danger to the lineman, the pilot, the aircraft, and those on the ground.
While the technology associated with UASs has not yet reached the level where repairs
can be conducted to power distribution systems and related .structures, location .and
identification of the nature and extent of needed repairs can be quickly, safely, and_cost
affectively identified by the use of UASs as contemplated by GridHawk Aviation,_LLC,
and Justin Schwigen.

        Granting the Request for Exemption is consistent with the Secretary of
Transportation's responsibilities to not only integrate UAS's into the National Airspace
System, but to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems.in
the National Airspace System" under §333(c) of the Reform Act. GridHawk Aviation,
LLC, and Justin Schwigen will conduct operations in compliance with protocols
described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

        Accordingly, GridHawk Aviation, LLC, respectfully requests the grant of .an
exemption allowing it to operate lightweight, remote controlled UASs to conduct Utility
Company electrified power lines and associated structure inspections.

                                                                                           Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation, LLC
                                                                                        Page 2of8
Name and Mailing Address: ,
        GridHawk Aviation, LLC
        cfo Justin Schwigen
        3426 Elik Lane
        Alton, IL 62002
        (618) 372-3579

        Email: Iustin@gridhawkaviation.com

    I. Federal Regulations from Which Exemption is Sought:

        The Petition, pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the
    Federal Aviation Regulations, seeks exemption from:
    14 CFR 21; 14 CFR 45.23(b);14 CFR 45.27 (a); 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b); 14 CFR 91, et.
    seq. including: 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1), 91.417(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)&(c), 91,103(b),
    91.109(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a), 91.405(a)(a).

        Exemptions from the foregoing would allow the operation and use of a UAS for
    the purpose of inspections of electrical distribution and transmission lines .and
    associated structures. Without such exemptions the benefits to safety and efficiency
    by reason of the use of UAS technology will be lost.

    II. Nature and Extent of Relief Sought and Reasons Therefore:

        The United States electric grid consists of thousands of miles of distribution.and
    transmission power lines and related structures, all of which are inextricably
    interconnected. These thousands of miles of electrified lines and structures require
    an ongoing inspection and maintenance process and program to ensure
    uninterrupted service and minimized delays in delivery of the product, electricity.
    America's dependency on electricity justifies all efforts necessary to ensure .minimal
    interruptions or delays in delivery of electricity. But, to date, inspection necessarily
    involves direct human interface almost always involving either ascending a tall
    structure or hovering above a structure in a helicopter. And, since most transmission
    lines and associated structures are located in remote areas with very difficult.terrain,
    relocating teams of workers and all of their necessary gear to the site is often
    necessary simply to conduct an inspection or find a problem. The cost to Electricity
    vendors, the risk of interruptions in delivery of electricity, and the danger to
    workers who must scale structures or be lifted by helicopters, demands a more cost
    effective, reliable and safe approach to inspections and maintenance of transmission
    lines and associated structures.

                                                                                  Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation,.LLC
                                                                                  Page 3of8
         With the advent of UAS technology, inspections and tasks leading up to
    necessary maintenance have become potentially much more inexpensive, effective
    and safe. It is important to note that these inspections may serve either the purpose
    of prevention or the locating and addressing an existing problem that threatens
    delivery. Routine inspections are often conducted at great expense and risk. UASs
    will not only conduct these on-site inspections and relay real-time video to the
    inspector, but the video can be stored for training and verification purposes. The
    operator and inspector remain safely on the ground, in sight of the UAS. Instead of
    teams of linemen and loads of equipment or the involvement of a helicopter, two
I} individuals, a pilot/operator of the UAS and an inspector/ observer is all that is
    needed to conduct the same inspection.

         In terms of cost, the expense of the UAS-based inspections will prove to be a
    fraction of the cost of interfaced-human inspections. Currently, it is estimated_that a
    helicopter costs the electricity vendor between $1,500.00 and $2,000.00 per hour of
    operation. In addition, the cost of locating teams and equipment can vary widely,
    depending on the access that the terrain allows, the distance, etc, but adds
    significantly to the expense of the inspection. It is difficult to estimate with certainty
    the per-hour cost with interfaced-human illspections, but it is clear that the use of
    UASs as a substitute will much more cost effective.

         Accordingly, the petitioner seeks exemption from the Regulations noted above so
    that examination and inspection can be made to various electrified distribution_and
    transmission lines, structures, and components throughout the continental United
    States while complying with other Federal Aviation Regulations_

    III.The Benefit to the Public Interest as a Whole if Petition is Granted:

         As mentioned above, the cost of using UAS technology is only a fraction of _the
    cost of the current methods of inspections. This reduction in costs would
    presumably be passed along to the consumer. Since the distribution of electricity is
    heavily governed throughout the United States, these cost savings would become
    readily apparent to the regulating authority and presumably addressed accordingly.

        The use of UAS technology for the purpose of conducting inspections will
    produce a higher degree of reliability in the delivery of electricity. This is so largely
    because inspections, as they would be more cost effective, will be conducted_ more
    regularly. Additionally, each inspection with UAS technology will have the capacity
    to download imagery and save the entirety of the inspection in a video format.
    These can be used for inspection on site or later by personnel in office. There is the
    added benefit that the efficacy of these inspections in the future will evolve due to
    the training capacity that stored videotaped inspections have.

                                                                                          Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation, LLC
                                                                                          Page4 of8
         As well, safety will be enhanced and the costs associated with safety will be
    reduced. With the introduction of human factor into a dangerous environment,
    such as when human inspections take place with transmission lines and associated
    structures, the cost of maintaining a level of safety naturally increases. Remove the
    human interaction with the structure itself, and the risk of harm naturally reduces.
    With use of UAS technology, and the lack of need for interfaced-human inspection,
    the dangers to those involved will be reduced and, accordingly, there will be a
    corresponding reduction in cost of delivery of the product.

         Americans are highly dependent on the uninterrupted supply of electricity.
    Today, electrical distribution systems constitute targets-for terrorists and with that
    threat comes the threat to lives. (http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-
    11-14/thousands-seen-dying-if-terrorists-attack-vulnerable-u-s-grid). A widespread
    or regional interruption in the delivery of electricity, even if for a short period, will
    result in immeasurable monetary loss as well. It is anticipated that with the increase
    in the frequency and the thoroughness of the inspections, the efforts of terrorists to
    damage or destroy central distribution systems can possibly be at the very least,
    hindered, and very possibly completely thwarted, and disaster averted.

         Reduction in costs, increase in reliability, and improvement of safety will
    enhance the benefit to the public and ensure the delivery of electricity to the
    consumer.

    IV. The Grant of the Requested Exemption Will Not Adversely Mfect Safety:

         As indicted, the current method of inspection necessarily involves the human
    interfacing with the electrical transmission lines and associated structures. These
    inspections involve a high risk of injury or even death to those working around_the
    site of the inspection. Those who are in danger include those on board the
    helicopter, if that method is used, as well as the linemen who climb the structures
    and the supporting crew below. Difficult and hazardous terrain often increases the
    risk of injury and death.

        From these concerns alone, there is an obvious increase in the safety to those
    involved in the inspection. At the same time, there is a potential increase in safety to
    the members of the general public in that more frequent and thorough inspections
    can be conducted. With more frequent and thorough inspections, there comes a
    reduction in the probability of dangerous circumstances to present themselves.

A. UAS Platform and Safety Features

        Gridhawk envisions the use of a UAS, the Aeryon SkyRanger platform
("SkyRanger").

                                                                                 Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation,.LLC
                                                                                 Page 5 of8
        The SkyRanger provides two semi-autonomous flight modes using a point~and
click map and video interface. The user clicks on a map to direct the SkyRanger to fly to
point of the map where the operator is pointing, or program flight plans may be entered
for a series of way points or grid based area. Additional navigation age including
landing zones and flight areas may be designated to ensure the SkyRanger operates
only within user specified flight parameters. All flight operations are GPS controlled
making the system easy to navigate, and the flight control system also employs a
variety of sensors including sonar, barometric pressure, temperature, wind speed, and
others to ensure high stability and reliability even in challenging weather conditions.
At all times during flight operations, the operator has the command authority to
intervene a program flight and take immediate control. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is
brochure material regarding anticipated UAS technology to be utilized.

The SkyRanger features the following additional automated safety functions:

· Automated pre-flight system performance checks.
· User pre-flight checklist.
· Automated condition or fault detection, warnings, and predefined

    responses to a number of flight and system conditions including winds,
    power status, temperature, and lost-link communications.
· Predefined responses include behavior such as attempting to reestablish
    radio communication, return to home position and hover, return to home
    position and land, or land in current position.
· In the case of lost GPS, a manual user flight mode is enabled which.allows
    the operator to provide manual navigation inputs to assist in the landing
    of the vehicle.

The SkyRanger specifications are as follows:

Payload .                 up to 1.3 pounds
Empty weight              5.3 pounds
Maximum wind              40MPH
Operational radius range  up to 1.6 nautical miles
Dimensions                40 inches diameter deployed
Fuel                      lithium polymer batteries
Maximum altitude          1,500 feet
Maximum endurance         50 minutes

B. Operator-Pilot Qualifications, Experience, Currency and Safety

                          Section 333 Exemption Request of Grid.Hawk Aviation. LLC
                          Page 6of8
.·'

                    GridHawk will utilize only Private or Commercial Rated pilots who are current
                and hold at least a Class III FAA Medical Certificate. Furthermore, GridHawk will
                require at least 20 hours of flight time and 200 cycles prior to conducting operations
                pursuant to the grant of an exemption. Pilot currency demands consistent with
                existing FAR requirements will also be employed to ensure that pilots maintain_their
                effectiveness.

                    For all exempted flight operations, one qualified individual will be designated_as
                Pilot in Command (PIC) and second individual will be designated visual observer
                (VO). The PIC shall act as team leader and shall be responsible for safety of flight
                and operations. The VO shall be responsible for the Ground Control Station (GCS)
                assembly and will maintain visual identification of the UAS while scanning for_and
                pointing out flight hazards, such as other aircraft, obstacles, boundaries of the pre-
                designated safe operations areas and persons.

                C. Airspace and Related Safety

                     The UAS will only be used to conduct flight operations under day & VFR
                conditions. It is contemplated that the UAS will launched from a location within or
                very near and below the right of way for the transmission line and associated
                structures, unless more immediate hazard concerns dictate otherwise. Creation of
                the safe operation areas and the actual operations will take into iji.CCount the
                possibility of equipment failure such that it will not present an undue hazard to
                persons or property.

                     On rare occasion, current inspections may be conducted in densely populated
                areas or areas extending over heavily traveled thoroughfares. It is contemplated
                that no UAS-based inspection will take place in areas where an unexpected accident
                would endanger members of the public. Alternative methods of inspection as well
                as density of the population or volume of traffic will be considered and any doubt
                for safety be resolved against UAS operations. It is anticipated that, in such_areas,
                UAS-based inspections will be minimal and only be conducted in accordance with
                existing Federal Aviation regulations.

                     With regard to airspace concerns, it is not anticipated that there will be frequent
                entry into the existing airspace system as most operations will be in remote_areas
                and within 400 feet of the surface. In those cases where an airspace is from __the
                surface to a given altitude AGL, consultation with and notification of the local.air
                traffic control system will be undertaken, and the publication, if appropriate, of
                notice to airmen through the normal channels will be posted. Operations shall be
                conducted in that airspace only after permission is obtained and only during.the
                effective time of the NOTAMs. Again, given the remoteness of most flight
                operations, the frequency of operations involving anything other than Class G

                                                                                                     Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Avialion, LLC
                                                                                                      Page 7of8
airspace will be very low. And, it should be emphasized here that, since the
exemption sought is to operate very near and at the same elevation as existing
transmission lines and associated structures, the operation of GridHawk's UAS will
not significantly expand or enlarge risks to other airborne aircraft beyond the_risks
already presented by the transmission lines and structures themselves.

    All operators being FAA licensed pilots will be aware of and knowledgeable
about any overlying or involved airspace as well as right of way rules.

V. Summary for Publication in the Federal Register:

    GridHawk Aviation, LLC, seeks an exemption pursuant to Section 333 to
conduct UAS-based inspections of power distribution and transmission lines, _and
associated structures, within the continental United States. The Petition seeks
exemption from:
14 CFR 21; 14 CFR 45.23(b);14 CFR 45.27 (a); 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b); 14 CFR 91, et.
seq. including: 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1), 91.417(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)&(c), 91,103(b),
91.109(a), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a), 91.405(a)(a).

VI. List of Supporting Exhibits:

    A. Brochure regarding anticipated UAS technology to be utilized consisting of
         the SkyRanger Aeyron UAS and supporting equipment.

    B. Graphic-United States Electric Grid (2009)

    C. GridHawk Operation limitations

                                                Respectfully submitted,
                                                GridHa Aviation, L C

                           By: ---R-------"---¥--~])~
                                                        Justin Schwigen, Owne
                                                        3426 Elik Lane
                                                        Alton, IL 62002
                                                        (618) 372-3579
                                                        Email: Iustin@gridhawkaviation.com

                                                                             Section 333 Exemption Request of GridHawk Aviation, LLC
                                                                               Page8of8
Field-tested and battle-proven. Aeryon small UAS set the
standard for immediate aerial intelligence gathtring by
ANYONE, ANYWHERE, at ANYTIME:

      + Intuitive wuchscreen interrace and advanced ieatures.
        minimal user trainirog

     +Single operator transport and deployment. no launch

        or recovery equipment
      +Reliable flight periormance even in the most demanding
      weather conditions, 1Nhen other systems cannot fly

The Aeryon SkyRangerrM introduces a new airframe and integrated
system design to the Aeryon sUAS platform. based on thousands
of hours of flight time and successful customer exercises and missions
around the world. Designed to military and government specifications.
SkyRangerTM extends industry-leading performance and system capabilities.

Intuitive interface and autonomous                                      Rugged, reliable and capable
capabilities - no joysticks required                                    -dependable in extreme environments

  + Point-and-dick touchscreen                                            + Up to 50-minute endurance with payload.
     navigation and camera control                                          continuous operation model

  + Dynamic flight plans including                                        + High wind tolerance -
     Follow-Merx protection and AUloGrid'"                                  1.0 mph {65 kph] susiained.
     mapping modes                                                          55 mph (90 kphl gusts

Advanced optics and networking -smart                                     + Ruggedized and weather-sealed
imagery and seamless integration                                          + Environmental temperature range

  + Stabilized. simultaneously-streaming                                 -22'F to 122'F 1-Jo·c to 50'Cl
     dual EO/IR high resolution cameras
       EO: 1080p2k HD H.26f video.                                      Pre-assembled backpack
      15MP still images                                                 deployment- airborne in seconds
     - IR: 66-0xl!SO H.264 video and s;iU images.
      white-hot and black-hot modes                                       +Folding design protects payload
                                                                            & includes battery for powered standby
  + Low-latency all-digital network-
    256bii AES encrypted streaming video                                  +Payload. battery, arms. and legs are
    to muliiple devices. embedded geotags                                   easily replaced in the field without tools
    and metadata
                                                   EXHIBIT
  + Beyond line-of-sight range
    1.9 mi 13 km) integrated capability.                A
    extensible beyond 3. i mi 15 km)
The Aeryon sUAS platform brings secure. real-time and simultaneous tactical situational         TEC HNICAL SPECIFICATIONS:
awareness to ground forces and remote command. Advc:nced autonomous ca pabilities
and s imple touchscreen controls require minimal trai ning for soldier. sq uad, or              ENDURANCE:
platoon-level deployment.                                                                          · Up to 50-minute flig ht time !with payload)

Unlike fixed-wing systems. the Aeryon SkyRangerrM is a Vertical Take -Off and Landing IVTOLI    WIND TOLERANCE:
sUAS- ideal for providing con ti nuous eyes-on-target for situational awareness. ope·ations         · 40 moh [65 kohl sustained
in confined environments. and low-risk launch and retrieval witho ut periphera l equipment.
SkyRangerrM is ideally suited for both land a nd maritime military use including covert ISR.       · 55 mph (90 kph) gusts
convoy and compound security. and ship boarding operations.
                                                                                                ENVIRONMENTAL TEMPERATURE RANGE:
Immediate deployment. small size. quiet operation and specialized imag ing payloads
make SkyRanger'- the ideal platfoom for a wide range of missions in any conditions. including:     · -22·F to- i 22?F l-3o·c to SO'Cl

+ Tactical situational awa reness & targeting  + Anti-pi;-acy. tactical ship boarding           BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT RANGE:
+ Perimeter & convoy security                  + De -mining
+ Covert Intelligence. Surveillance            + Emergency & disaster response                     · 1.9 mi 13 km) integrated capability
                                               + HAZMAT/CB RNE management                          · Extensible beyond 3.1 mi 15 kml
   a nd Reconnaissa nce IISR)
                                                                                                ALTITUDE :
For information about Aeryon sUAS solutions, contact your Aeryon Sales Representative:
                                                                                                   · 1500 ft. 1450 ml A.GL, i 5000 it. !~500 m ) MSL
Call+ i -519-1:89-6726 ext: 320 or email salesfGaeryon.com
                                                                                                LAUNCH & RECOVERY METHOD:
www.a eryon.com I toaeryonlabs
                                                                                                  · · Vertics l Take-Oif and Landing !VTOLl

                                                                                                DIMENSIONS:
                                                                                                    · Deployed: £0 in.li 02 em! diameter,
                                                                                                                    9.3 in. 12L em) heioht

                                                                                                   · Folded : 20 in. 150 em) le n gth~
                                                                                                                 10 in. 125 cml width

                                                                                                WEIGHT [WITHOUT PAYLOAD):
                                                                                                    · 5.3 lbs (2.L kg)

                                                                                                ADDITIONAL PAYLOADS :
                                                                                                    · 3-axis stabilized hiah resolut ion EO camera
                                                                                                    · Custom payload development

                                                                                                NAVIGATION LEOS:

                                                                                                   · Red/Gree n and Re.j/NI R

                                                                                                RADIO FREQUENCIES:

                                                                                                   · 900 mhz, 2.4 GHz, custom

                                                                                                CONTROL AND DATA LINK:
                                                                                                   · Low-latency all-digita l network

                                                                                                SECURITY:
                                                                                                   · Secure network pairing.
                                                                                                      AES 256 bit encryption ·
Visualizing The U.S. Electric Grid : NPR                                                                                        2/6115 9:36PM

           THE GRID                       SOURCES OF POWER  POWER PLANTS  SOLAR POWER  WINO POWER
Ai>out Thi& Map ··
                                                                                       . l \-.._.;:- ·~-
EXIS nr·G Uf(ES

      345-199 f:V
A< S!Xl-69£· I:V
"' 700·799 kV
"V t.OOO lo:V (OC)

PROPOSED UliES
·, New 765 kV

- AC-DC·AC Link!O

1~/TERCOlfiiECTI!»IS

Major t>«C tors of thr
U.S. electrical grid

Source: American Electric Power, American Wind Energy Association, Center tor American Progress, Department of Energy,
Edison Electric Institute, Energy Information Administration, Electric Power Research Institute, Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Western Resource Advocates

Credit: Producer: Andrew Prince; Designer: Alyson Hurt; Editors: Avie Schneider and Vikki Valentine; Supervising Editors: Anne
Gudenkaut and Quinn O'Toole; Additional Research: Jenny Gold; Database and GIS Analysis: Robert Benincasa

    NPR Series                                                                         EXHIBIT

        Power Hungry: Reinventing The U.S. Electric Grid May 1. 2009                       B

http: //www.npr.orgl2009/04/24/110997398/visualizing-the-u-s-e!ectric-grid                                                      Page 2 of 3
____________________~~··----·-·                      ..._.__

OPERATION LIMITATIONS AND RESTRICTIONS FOR
                 GRIDHAvVK AVIATION, LLC

VER.1.00 February 2015

                                            EXHIBIT

                                              c
1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following
    aircraft described in the operating documents which has four rotors and four
    motors in a quadcopter configuration and weighing less than 7 pounds including
    imaging payload: The SkyRanger currently manufactured by Aeryon. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend
    this grant.

2. UAS operations under this· exemption are limited to the inspection electrical
    distribution and transmission lines, and associated structures.

3. The UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 25 mph.

4. The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
    level (AGL), or 50 feet above any structure being inspected, as indicated by the
    procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes reported to ATC
    must be in feet AGL.

5. All operations to occur in Class G airspace unless othenvise authorized by local
    ground control/ air control, ARTCC or other authority over the involved
    airspace.

6. Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow
    on official VFR navigational Sectional Charts, unless it is determined that
    operation will be pose no unreasonable risk of harm or danger to those non-
    participating individuals and/ or personal or real property.

7. All operations shall be within the right-of-way or easement if any, of the utility
    except as may be necessary for the purpose of transition from the base of
    operation to the structure to be inspected and for ingress and egress purposes
    only, in which case permission of the affected landowner shall first be obtained.

8. All operations conducted in the vicinity of an airport are to remain more than 2.5
    nautical miles from the center line azimuth of the corresponding runway center
    line measured from the runway threshold.

9. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
    times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human obsenration unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PICs FAA-issued medical
    certificate.

10. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO) and within VLOS of the VO at
    all times. This requires the VO to be able to use human vision unaided by any
    device other than corrective lenses. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
    requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
    PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or
    texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated
    before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the
    flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in
    the operating documents.

11. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
    and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/ obstructions and
    is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

12. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during
    UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
    discrepancy exits between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
    the procedures outlines in the operating documents, the conditions and
    limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
    operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
    operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's
    responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present
    updated and revised,documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to this
    grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision
    would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

13. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
    safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of
    the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
    maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in condition fore
    safe flight. The Ground Control Statio~ must be included in the preflight
    inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the
    aircraft records.

14. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alteration that affect the UAS
    operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
    must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test
    flight must make an entry of the flight in the UAS aircraft records.

15. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
    inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant
    sections of the operating documents.
16. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

17. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance. with the operating documents. Maintenance,
    inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts
    must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description
    of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the
    UAS to service.

18. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    Safety Bulletins.

19. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

20. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
    third-class medical certificate. In accordance with 14 CFR 61.23, a pilot holding a
    commercial certificate must posses at least a second-class medical certificate. The
    PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in
    an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

21. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of inspection, the PIC must have
    completed the operator's training as prescribed in the operating documents.
    During that training, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
    consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), the minimum hours prescribe in the operating
    documents as UAS pilot operating the make and model of the UAS to be utilized
    for operations under the exemption. Training, proficiency, and experience-
    building flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption to qualify the
    operator's PIC(s), VO(s) and other essential personnel as defined in the operating
    documents. However, said training operations may experience-building flights
    the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance
    with 14 CFR § 91.119.

22. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of inspection, the PIC must have
    completed the operator's currency requirements as prescribed in the operating
    documents. The PIC must have completed at least three take-offs and three
    landings in the preceding 90 days as UAS pilot operating the make and model of
    the UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption to maintain currency.
    Take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of
    exemption. \A/hen establishing or regaining currency, said currency flights may
    only be conducted during dedicated training/currency sessions. During
                                               ··----

    training, proficiency, experience-building flights, and dedicated currency flights
    the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance
    with 14 CFR § 91.119.

23. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of inspection, the PIC, VO, and
    other essential personnel as defined in the operating documents, must have met
    all qualification, training, and currency requirements, as outlined in the·
    operating documents. A record of completion of these requirements must be
    documents and made available to the Administrator upon request.

24. The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of
    inspection unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent
    with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
    consistent with hoe the UAS vvill be operated under this exemption, including
    evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintain appropriate distances from
    people, vessels, vehicles, and structures.

25. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
    All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
    (VMC). Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

26. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

27. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
    PIC

28. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signat the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land or be
    recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

29. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
    emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

30. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
    speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% batter power
    remaining.

31. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this
    grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice
                                                 r-

    to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
    hours prior to the operation.. All operations shall be conducted in accordance
    with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
    altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

32. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
    identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
    C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

33. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
    and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications
    Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
    requirements.

34. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
    the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
    enforcement official upon request.

35. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations
    and activities at all times.

36. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

37. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

38. Flight operations must be conducted no less than 500 feet from all
    nonparticipating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

        a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/ or debris in the event of an accident. The
             operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
             protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons are no
             longer under such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
             operations must cease immediately, and/ or;

        b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles, or structures where the
             owner/ COI)troller of such vessels, vehicles, or structures has granted
             permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
            operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
            an undue hazard, and;
..: .,.

         c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, Sensor Operator, other essential

         personnel as defined in the operating documents, do not present an undue

         hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).  ·

         39. All operations shall be conducted with permission from the state or local
             government agency, organization, or owner, with authority for operating the
             bridge under inspection. Permission from the authority will be obtained for each
             flight to be conducted.

         40. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
             boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be
             reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
             Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) ·
             per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: \Vvvvv.ntsb.gov.

         -------------------------------------~N[)-----------------------------------------------------------
