August 10, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12398
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1035

Mr. Peter Lowry
CFO
Group 3 Aviation, Inc.
16425 Hart Street, Suite 211
Van Nuys, CA 91406

Dear Mr. Lowry:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Group 3 Aviation, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct motion picture
filming, videography, mapping, inspections, surveys, marketing, aerial acquisition, search and
rescue, photography, and training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Group 3 Aviation, Inc. is granted an exemption from

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Group 3 Aviation, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
         DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                     UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                                DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                             WASHINGTON, DC

                                     Regulatory Docket No. _______________

                       IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                             GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC

              FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                          TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
                 AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF
                                        DJI Phantom 2 AND DJI INSPIRE 1
                 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

         THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                                             Submitted on April 10, 2015
                                                                                              GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC
                                                                                      16425 HART STREET, SUITE 211

                                                                                                    VAN NUYS, CA 91406
                                                                                                                818-994-9376

                                                                                         PL@GROUP3AVIATION.COM
                                                              1
TABLE OF CONTENTSPage

SUMMARY3

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER3

BACKGROUND3-4

BASIS FOR PETITION4-5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER5

SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC SEEKS
EXEMPTION6-9

EXTENT OF RELIEF GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC SEEKS AND THE REASONS
GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC SEEKS THE RELIEF9-11

REASONS WHY GRANTING GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
PUBLIC INTEREST11-13

REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
AFFECT SAFETY13-25

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER                    26

BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE NATURE OF THE EXEMPTION GROUP 3 AVIATION SEEKS  26

ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT
GROUP 3 AVIATION, INC REQUEST26

CONCLUSION27

APPENDICES28

2
                                                         SUMMARY
GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Un-
manned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA). This exemption will permit GROUP 3 AVIATION to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of construction sites, real estate,
and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

                          INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
GROUP 3 AVIATION provides its clients with expertise and knowledge in advanced technologies and
solutions to increase efficiency, productivity and effectiveness. GROUP 3 AVIATION has a current Movie
Manual, over 25 years of experience in Aerial Production and Commercial Operations holding 135, 133 and
141 certification. The objective of GROUP 3 AVIATION is to provide high quality imaging for a variety of
commercial, public, and residential uses
including:
 · Motion Picture Filming
 · Videography
 · Mapping
 · Inspections
 · Crop Survey
 · Construction sites before and after
 · Appraisals
 · Real-estate marketing
 · Aerial acquisitions used for inspections of public and private structures
 · Search and Rescue operations
 · Still Photography
 · Wildlife survey
 · Training

                                                      BACKGROUND
                              Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1
GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or hire within the NAS.
The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 are vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft System
(UAS) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smart phone systems. The DJI
Phantom 2 has a maximum gross weight of approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, while having a length of
16 inches width of 16 inches, height of 8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots. The DJI
Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 7.5 ounces, a length of 17.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches,
height of 11.8 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 42 knots.

                                                                3
The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 are equipped with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer bat-
tery powered electric motors.
The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs that will be operated by GROUP 3 AVIATION will be registered
in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registra-
tion, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and Registration Marking.

                                                  BASIS FOR PETITION
Petitioner, GROUP 3 AVIATION, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14
C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules
for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the
DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1 UASs in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)
& (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft
and its operation, GROUP 3 AVIATION's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and the DJI Inspire1 UAS
meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in ac-
cordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Accordingly, GROUP 3 AVIATION requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)
(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft
with an airworthiness certificate.
GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will be
ensured. GROUP 3 AVIATION will use experienced personnel to perform maintenance, alterations, or pre-
ventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating
documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Fur-
thermore, GROUP 3 AVIATION will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom
2 and the DJI Inspire 1.
Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limita
tions: Pilot in command, is requested by GROUP 3 AVIATION to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in
Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate,
and who has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is
able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

                                                                4
GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI
Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
Part 21, Subpart H. As such, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that it will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 UAS
and DJI Inspire 1UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is
in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 and DJI
Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.
GROUP 3 AVIATION also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altim-
eter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS will not have a typical barometric altimeter
onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1UAS will be provided
to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link,
which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information,
combined with GROUP 3 AVIATION's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 within visual line
of sight, at or below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.
Additionally, GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b), entitled
Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that safety will not be affected
by operation of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 during daylight hours in visual meteorological condi-
tions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approxi-
mately 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after
that for at least 4.5 minutes.
In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, GROUP 3 AVIATION provides the following information in support of
its petition for exemption:
A. Name and Address Of The Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
GROUP 3 AVIATION
16425 HART STREET, SUITE 211
VAN NUYS, CA 91406
Phone: 818-994-9376
Fax: 818-994-9384
POC: PETER LOWRY
Email: PL@GROUP3AVIATION.COM

                                                                 5
 B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Petitioner Seeks Exemption.

 1. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) and (b).

  Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
  subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

  (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
  (PIC) of an aircraft hat is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire;
  nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

  (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
  connection with any business or employment if -

  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or 
hire.

 2. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a).

  Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:
  (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

 3. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.
   Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

  (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or
  flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
when operating-

  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to -

       (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route 
       and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

       (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)

       (i) of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appro
priate available station; or

       (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation 
       of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available 
before departure.

                 6
 4. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).

          Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection
          (b), states the following:

(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless

          (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly

          to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to

          fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

 5. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).
          Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
          Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
          (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
          shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
          section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.

 6. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1)
          Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or 
alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

          (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
          preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless -

          (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
          under § 43.7 of this chapter.

 7. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1)and 91.409(a)

(2).

          Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

          (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an 
          aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

          (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has 
          been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this 
chapter; or

          (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
          accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

             7
 8. Petitioner Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) and 91.417(b).

 Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following:

  (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
  registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
  specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
  records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
  approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe)
  and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
  The records must include:

        (i)A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator)
        of the work performed; and

        (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

        (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
        aircraft for return to service.

  (2) Records containing the following information:
        (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller,
and each rotor.

        (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
        propeller, rotor, and appliance.

        (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
        are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

        (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the 
        last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft 
        and its appliances are maintained.

        (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety 
        directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety 
        directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves re
        curring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

        (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major 
        alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, 
and appliances.



                 8
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:


  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained 
  until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the 
work is performed.

  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained 
  and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 
  of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is 
  approved for return to service.


 C. The Extent Of Relief And The Reason Petitioner Seeks The Relief.

 1. Extent Of Relief And The Reason Petitioner Seeks Relief From Section 61.113(a) and (b).

 Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:
 Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private pilot or higher 
 level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical certificate, and who has met certain 
 flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for
 compensation or hire.

 This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a private 
 pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business or 
 employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft 
 does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

 As set forth more fully below, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that an equivalent level of safety will be 
 maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS 
 unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating that the PIC is 
 able to safely operate either the DJI Phantom 2 or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the 
 operations specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, 
 as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

 Further, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, 
 conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to
 GROUP 3 AVIATION business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or 
hire.

                    9
 2. Extent Of Relief And The Reason Petitioner Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).
 Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent required to 
 allow GROUP 3 AVIATION to determine that the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 are in airworthy 
 condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the operating docu
 ments (i.e,. DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log).
 GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 

 UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. 
 Therefore, GROUP 3 AVIATION will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 are in
 airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e. DJI Phantom 2 
 and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log) prior to every flight, and further, 
 determine that the aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations 
below.
 3. Extent Of Relief and The Reason Petitioner Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

 Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight operations 
 of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, 
 and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the 
 PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any altitude information con
 cerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), 
 GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UA's al
 timeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field 
 altitude, before each flight.
 Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121 is sought to 
 the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below. As more 
 fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI 
 Inspire 1 are equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment, which automatically 
 ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the 
 PIC with altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.
 4. Extent Of Relief and The Reason Petitioner Seeks Relief From Section 91.151(b).
 Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested to 
 the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 during 
 daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total 
 duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, 
 to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

                                                                10
 GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 
 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 will
 severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that GROUP 3 
 AVIATION proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

 Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI In
 spire 1 UAS, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 operating documents, and GROUP 3 AVIATION 
 proposed operating limitations, ensure that GROUP 3 AVIATION will safely operate the battery 
 powered DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions 
 (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 
 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that 
 for at least 4.5 minutes.
 5. Extent Of Relief and The Reason Petitioner Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 
 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).
 Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to
 aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, GROUP 3 AVIATION requests relief from these Sections 
 because the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 do not require airworthiness certificates. As set forth 
 more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333 
 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, GROUP 3 AVIATION will use trained 
 technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the 
 methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., DJI Phantom
 2 and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log). Furthermore,
 GROUP 3 AVIATION will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 
 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
 D. The Reasons Why Granting GROUP 3 AVIATION Request Would Be In The Public Interest; 
 That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
 Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing GROUP 3 AVIATION to 
 safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography over certain areas of the 
 United States, providing high quality imaging for a variety of commercial, public, and residential uses

 Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS will decrease congestion of the 
 NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of 
 GROUP 3 AVIATION `s proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 will be realized 
 without implicating any privacy issues.

                                                                11
 1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
 The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and 
 economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reduc
 ing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the 
 use of a DJI Phantom 2 or DJI Inspire 1 would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, 
 reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the 
ground.
 Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around 
 airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Phantom UAS 2 and DJI 
 Inspire 1 UAS do not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft 
 conducting aerial video and photography missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled 
 by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight opera
tions.
 2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS.
 Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS, instead of 
 manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollu
 tion generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight operations. By using
 battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 produce no air pollution, 
 and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal 
 combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while
 burning approximately 8-20 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and
 DJI Inspire 1 UAS, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise 
 pollution, as the UAS' are propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal
 combustion engine.
 By using the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial
 risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional 
 manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from 
 the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 
 UAS (weighing approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces and 6 pounds 7.5 ounces respectively, at their 
 maximum gross weights with lengths of 16 inches and 17.3 inches respectively, widths of 16 
 inches and 17.7 inches respectively, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collat
 eral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that
 typically conduct similar operations.


                                                                12
 3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI
 Inspire 1 UASs Will Benefit The Economy.

 In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS are also
 an economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such, 
 operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS will allow United States based companies, 
 like GROUP 3 AVIATION, to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. 
 Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") 
 regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt
 new and alternative technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered 
 UAS,DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1, is one such technology that not only allows companies greater 
 operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high 
 operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.
 By operating the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, companies such as GROUP 3 AVIATION, 
 can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and 
 contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial 
 performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 
 1 UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and
 federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain 
 competitive both in the United States and abroad.
 4. There Are No Privacy Issues.

 Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for decades, 
 GROUP 3 AVIATION's proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS
 will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 will be
 operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., and DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 
 Instruction Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log) which requires property owner involvement as well 
 as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, in
 cluding the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
 E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The 
 Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From 
 Which GROUP 3 AVIATION Seeks Exemption.
 1. Reasons Why the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Meet the Conditions of the FAA 
 Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

                                                                13
 1. Reasons Why the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Meet the Conditions of the FAA 
 Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned 
 aircraft and its operation, GROUP 3 AVIATION's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and
 DJI Inspire 1 UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness 
 certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

 Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and sets forth 
 requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or 
 otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in 
part:
(a) In General. - Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than 180 

  days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine 

  if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before 

  completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance 

  required by section 334 of this Act.

(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems. -

  In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum -

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, 

  speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation 

  within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace

  system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and

  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certifi
  cation under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation 
  of unmanned aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that

  certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the 

  Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the 

  national airspace system.

 In seeking this exemption, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) 
 the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and 
 (c) the specific operating limitations.



                                        14
 a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe 
Characteristics.
 The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
 otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.

        i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
 The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs are set forth by the DJI 
 Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Appendix A and B.

 ii. The DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes
 Enable The UASs To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

 The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous 
 flight modes. A complete description of the flight and navigational modes of the DJI Phantom 2 and 
 DJI Inspire 1 UASs is provided at pages 25-35 of the DJI Phantom 2 and pages 12-16 and 45-50 of the 
 DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Appendix A and B.
 iii. The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Are Designed For Automatic Return To Home 
 Point or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

 When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will remain stationary, in 
 flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs do not 
 reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and the 
 UAs will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff po
 sition and shutdown.
 A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS are set forth at pages 27 
 through 29 and for the DJI Inspire 1 at pages 13 through 15 of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 
 User Manuals, attached hereto as Appendix A and B.

 iv. The DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.

 A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 
 GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 32 through 43 of the DJI Phantom 2 User Manual 
 and pages 40 through 47 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual. DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 User 
 Manuals are attached hereto as Appendix A and B.

                                                                15
 b. Flight Operations Of DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Are Limited To The Line Of Sight 
 of a Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.
 GROUP 3 AVIATION will be the only person to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Phantom 
 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs. Additionally, a safety observer will assist him during flight time.
 c. Flights Of DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific
 Operating Limitations.
 In seeking this exemption, GROUP 3 AVIATION proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom 2 
 and DJI Inspire 1 UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over cer
 tain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

 1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following
 aircraft described in the operating documents as a rotorcraft UAS weighing less

     than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned
     Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition
     or a petition to amend this grant.
 2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
    purpose of aerial video and photography.
  3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.
 4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground level
   (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents unless a
    special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to ATC must
    be in feet AGL.
 5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
   times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
   other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical
   certificate.
 6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not permitted.
 7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the
   VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and
   PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting
   is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight
   and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must
   ensure that the SO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.
 8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
   avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to
 operate the camera or other instruments.

                                                                16
 9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
   operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists
   between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the
   procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained
   in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator
     must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may
     update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such
     revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon
     request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions
     for extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that
     any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the
     exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption.
     The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise
     regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

 10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for
     safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
     UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
     performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
     Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
     alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

 11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
    entry in the aircraft records.

 12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
     components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
     operating documents.

 13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
     overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

 14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
     requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
     alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
     aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and
     the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

 15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
     Bulletins.

 16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action
     taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

                                                                17
 17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third- class
     medical certificate.

 18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's
     qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
     manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including
     evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons,
     vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a

  manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the
  operator's PICs are permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training
  operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
  proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations
  are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
  distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
 19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
   operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If flight at

    night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA office closest to proposed
    area of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
 20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
     denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
     that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
     a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
     management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.
 21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

 22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
     determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
     accordance with the operating documents.

 23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
     accordance with the operating documents.

 24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
     weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
     landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

 25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
     Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of

   Exemption, (except when a `blanket' 200-foot COA is issued under new FAA policy).
 This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than
 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.
 All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in

                                                                18
 the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
 requirements.

 26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
   Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
    large as practicable.

 27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
     control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
     other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

 28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
     PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
     documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
     upon request.

 29. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations
     and activities at all times.

 30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

 31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons
   (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles,
   and structures unless:

  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons 
  from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that non
  participating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
  where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA,
  flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of 
  such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not 
  present an undue hazard, and;

  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an 
  undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

 32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
     permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
     from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight
     to be conducted.

  19
 33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
 of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS
 Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

     reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
     contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov
 2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) and (b) Would Not 
 Adversely Affect Safety.
 GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a)
 and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI 
 Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and currency 
 requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 or DJI Inspire 1 in a manner 
 consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appro
 priate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
 Considering GROUP 3 AVIATION's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set 
 forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
 commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills necessary to 
 safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that the 
 additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to 
 the airmanship skills necessary for GROUP 3 AVIATION's specific proposed flight operations.
 The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS, in circum
 stances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 
 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 
 11159, 11160, 11161).
 GROUP 3 AVIATION will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS 
 unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or the DJI Phan
 tom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely 
 operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, 
 including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, ves
 sels, vehicles and structures.
 Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 
 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a minimum of 5 hours of those hours 
 as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
 exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in 
 the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

                                                                20
 As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience that was
 obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of safety during 
 GROUP 3 AVIATION's proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior documented 
 flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would ensure safe op
 erations, stating as follows:

  In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the pur
  pose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and 
  logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotor
  craft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to 
  operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have accumulated and logged a 
  minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for 
  operations under the exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour 
  requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be 
  included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 
  25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accom
  plish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds 
  that at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to 
  practice and build proficiency in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's
  proposed operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented flight experience that was 
  obtained in compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, 
  proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of
  exemption to accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and
  experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in 
  accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.


 Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

 Accordingly, GROUP 3 AVIATION will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC to operate 
 the DJI Phantom 2 or DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum 
 flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 2 or DJI 
 Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency 
 maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                  21
 3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not
 Adversely Affect Safety.
 The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to every 
 flight, GROUP 3 AVIATION will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 UAS or DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in an 
 airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents and as stated in
 the conditions and limitations herein.
 Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in circum
 stances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 
 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 
 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
 4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not
 Adversely Affect Safety.
 The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because the altitude 
 information of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs will be provided to the PIC via GPS equip
 ment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for 
 active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude information, combined with GROUP 
 3 AVIATION's operation of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UAs within visual line of sight, at or 
 below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information 
 will be generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude 
 initiation point is automatically established by the UASs at ground level.
 The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, 
 in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 
 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 
11161).
 5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b) Would Not Ad
 versely Affect Safety.
 A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section 
 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs; 
 (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight op
 erations. Accordingly, GROUP 3 AVIATION will ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered 
 DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough 
 battery power to fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, as
 suming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

                                                                22
 Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI 
 Inspire 1 UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed 
 operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b). Fur
 thermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS provide audible 
 and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAs experiences low battery voltage, the first 
 warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10% 
 remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI Phantom UAS and DJI Inspire 1 
 UAS will descend and land automatically at set home.
 Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish that safety 
 is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are 
 considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the minimums pre
 scribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA 
 has previously granted relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all 
 material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 
 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 
 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
 6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 
 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 In seeking this exemption, GROUP 3 AVIATION submits that the equivalent level of safety with re
 gard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a), 
 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because GROUP 3 AVIATION 
 will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the 
 UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., DJI 
 Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log). Furthermore,
 GROUP 3 AVIATION will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 2 
 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
 Since the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be inspected as outlined by the
 operating documents, GROUP 3 AVIATION will maintain the equivalent level of safety established 
 by Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 
 User Manuals are attached hereto as Appendix A and B; a copy of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 
 1 UAS Maintenance LOG is attached hereto as Appendix C.
 Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because GROUP 3 AVIATION will use 
 trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS using 
 the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating documents.

                                                                23
 Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety established by Sec
 tions 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI 
 Inspire 1 UAS will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance will be documented and main
 tained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.
 Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 
 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely affected when the
 technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are considered.
 In consideration of GROUP 3 AVIATION's proposed operating limitations, the operating
 documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Inspire 1 UASs, GROUP 3 
 VIATION submits that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. 
 Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has
 previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those 
 presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 
 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
 7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
 In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) and
 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, GROUP 3 AVIATION requests that the FAA prescribe 
 special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS, 
 which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of 
 safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) &
 (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). 
 Such special conditions will permit safe operation of the UAS for the limited purpose of conducting 
 aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA 
 Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of 
 the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the au
 thority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any require
 ments that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.
 Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
 § 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regu
 lations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel 
 or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions,
 states the following:
 If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain adequate or ap
 propriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel or unusual 
 design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amend
 ments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this 
 chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds 
 necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.

                                                                24

 Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
 § 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regu
 lations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel 
 or unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions,
 states the following:

  If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain adequate 

  or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel 
  or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special
  conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued in 
  accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft,
  aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent 
  to that established in the regulations.

 See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
 Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may prescribe 
 special conditions for Leading Edge's intended operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 
 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level 
 of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections
 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 
 91.417(a) & (b).




                                           25

 A Summary That Can Be Published in the Federal Register, stating:


 The Rules From Which GROUP 3 AVIATION Seeks Exemption:

GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R

  Sections 61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),

  91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).


 A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption GROUP 3 AVIATION Seeks:

This exemption will permit GROUP 3 AVIATION to commercially operate an

  Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and

  photography over certain areas of the United States.


 Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support GROUP 3 AVIATION's 
Request.

 This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
 (FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may 
 operate safely in the NAS. As such, GROUP 3 AVIATION's request for exemption may be granted 
 pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

 FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard 
 to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides 
 the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.
 As discussed in detail above, GROUP 3 AVIATION will operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI
 Inspire 1 UAS safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or
 otherwise pose a threat to national security.



  26

 CONCLUSION

 As set forth herein, GROUP 3 AVIATION seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
 Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
 operation of the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially, without an
 airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over 
 certain areas of the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling 
 the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing 
 the interests of the public, by allowing GROUP 3 AVIATION to safely, efficiently, and economically 
 operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UASs commercially within the NAS.

 WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA Modernization and 
 Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, GROUP 3 AVIATION respectfully requests that the
 Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 

 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 
 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Leading Edge to operate the DJI Phantom 2 UAS and DJI Inspire 1 UAS 
 commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the 
 United States.

Dated: APRIL 10, 2015
Respectfully submitted,
PETER LOWRY, CFO
GROUP 3 AVIATION INC

_________________________
GROUP 3 AVIATION
16425 HART STREET, SUITE 211
VAN NUYS, CA 91406
818-994-9376



                                                                27

Appendices:
 A ­ DJI Phantom 2 Manual:

 B ­ DJI Inspire 1 Specifications Data Sheet

 C ­ Monthly Maintenance Log

                                                                28
