April 6, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11284
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-1004

Mr. Steven J. Levy
Executive Producer, Founder
Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana
2801 ½ West Angeles Street
Tampa, FL 33629

Dear Mr. Levy:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 1, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography for motion picture, television, and the content creation
industry for scripted closed set filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The petition received
one opposing comment. In granting this exemption, the FAA has determined that the
proposed operations can safely be conducted under the conditions and limitations of this
exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon Labs, Astraeus Aerial, Clayco, Inc., and
                                                                                                2

VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the document's conditions and limitations is
grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Cinestar 8 HL.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Habana Avanue, LLC dba Fly Habana is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
                                                                                                                 3

91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Cinestar 8 HL
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                          6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
Regulations.gov - Other Document                                                                                 Page 1 of 2

Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana - Exemption/Rulemaking

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)                                                  Comment Now!

For related information, Open Docket Folder                                                                             ID: FAA-2014-1004-0001

 Content                                                                                                             Document Information

  December 1, 2014                                                                                               Date Posted:
                                                                                                                 Dec 2, 2014
  U. S. Department of Transportation
  Docket Management System                                                                                       Show More Details
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
  Washington, DC 20590                                                                                               Submitter Information

  Regarding:                                                                                                     Submitter Name:
  01) Exemption Request - Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act                                                      Steven J. Levy
                                                                                                                 Mailing Address:
  02) Fly Habana General Operating Manual (CONSIDERED PROPRIETARY... Available upon request and                  2801 W. Angeles Street
  sent via courier)                                                                                              City:
                                                                                                                 Tampa
  Dear Sir or Madam:                                                                                             Country:
                                                                                                                 United States
  Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R.         State or Province:
  Part 11, Habana Avenue, LLC, doing business as and publicly branded as Fly Habana, operator of Small           FL
  Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUAS sUAS) equipped to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture            ZIP/Postal Code:
  and television and content creation industry for scripted closed set filming, hereby applies for an exemption  33629
  from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operation of its sUAS, so long as
  such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by                 Comments
  the FAA as required by Section 333.1
                                                                                                                             0
  As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and
  relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3)         Comments Received
  controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations in the film
  and television industry presently using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby              Docket Information
  enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportations (the FAA Administrators) responsibilities to
  establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.        This document is contained in
  Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.                                                                              FAA-2014-1004
                                                                                                                 Related Dockets:
  The name and address of the applicant is:                                                                      None
                                                                                                                 Related RINs:
  Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana                                                                              None
  Attn: Steven J. Levy                                                                                           Related Documents:
  Ph: 917-838-3163                                                                                               None
  844-359-4222 ext. 212
                                                                                                                 * This count refers to the total
  Email: Steven.Levy@HabanaAvenue.com
  Address: 2801 W. Angeles St., Tampa, FL 33629                                                                   comment/submissions received
                                                                                                                  this document, as of 11:59 PM
 Attachments (1)                                                                                                  yesterday. Note: Agencies revie
                                                                                                                  submissions, however some
            Habana Avenue, LLC dba Fly Habana - Exemption/Rulemaking                                              agencies may choose to redact
                                                                                                                  withhold, certain submissions (o
                View Attachment:                                                                                  portions thereof) such as those
                                                                                                                  containing private or proprietary
                                                                                                                  information, inappropriate langu
                                                                                                                  or duplicate/near duplicate
                                                                                                                  examples of a mass-mail campa
                                                                                                                  This can result in discrepancies
                                                                                                                  between this count and those
                                                                                                                  displayed when conducting
                                                                                                                  searches on the Public Submiss
                                                                                                                  document type. For specific
                                                                                                                  information about an agency's p
                                                                                                                  submission policy, refer to its

http://www.regulations.gov/                                                                                      12/3/2014
Regulations.gov - Other Document          Page 2 of 2

                                  website or the Federal Register
                                  document.

http://www.regulations.gov/       12/3/2014
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

December  1,  2014  
  
U.  S.  Department  of  Transportation    
Docket  Management  System    
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590    
  

          Re:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act    
            
            
            
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:    
  
          Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  Reform  Act)  and  14  C.F.R.  
Part  11,  Habana  Avenue,  LLC,  doing  business  as  and  publicly  branded  as  Fly  Habana,  operator  of  Small  Unmanned  
Aircraft  Systems  ("sUAS  sUAS")  equipped  to  conduct  aerial  photography  for  the  motion  picture  and  television  and  
content  creation  industry  for  scripted  closed  set  filming,  hereby  applies  for  an  exemption  from  the  listed  Federal  
Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  to  allow  commercial  operation  of  its  sUAS,  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  
within  and  under  the  conditions  outlined  herein  or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  Section  333.1

                 

          As  described  more  fully  below,  the  requested  exemption  would  permit  the  operation  of  small,  unmanned  
and  relatively  inexpensive  sUAS  under  controlled  conditions  in  airspace  that  is  1)  limited  2)  predetermined  3)  
controlled  as  to  access  and  4)  would  provide  safety  enhancements  to  the  already  safe  operations  in  the  film  and  
television  industry  presently  using  conventional  aircraft.  Approval  of  this  exemption  would  thereby  enhance  safety  
and  fulfill  the  Secretary  of  Transportation's  (the  FAA  Administrator's)  responsibilities  to  "...establish  requirements  for  
the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  systems  in  the  national  airspace  system."  Section  333(c)  of  the  Reform  Act.    
  
  
The  name  and  address  of  the  applicant  is:    
  

          Habana  Avenue,  LLC  dba  Fly  Habana  
          Attn:  Steven  J.  Levy  
          Ph:  917-838-3163  
          844-359-4222  ext.  212  
            
          Email:  Steven.Levy@HabanaAvenue.com    
          Address:  2801  ½  W.  Angeles  St.,  Tampa,  FL  33629  
            
            

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 1 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

  

1  The  conditions  proposed  by  the  applicant  are  drawn  from  Order  8900.1  CHG  0,  Volume  3,  Chapter  8-Issue  a  

Certificate  of  Waiver  for  Motion  Picture  and  Television  Filming.    
  

  
          This  exemption  application  is  expressly  submitted  to  fulfill  Congress'  goal  in  passing  Section  333(a)  through  

(c)  of  the  Reform  Act.  This  law  directs  the  Secretary  of  Transportation  to  consider  whether  certain  unmanned  aircraft  
systems  may  operate  safely  in  the  national  airspace  system  (NAS)  before  completion  of  the  rulemaking  required  
under  Section  332  of  the  Reform  Act.  In  making  this  determination,  the  Secretary  is  required  to  determine  which  
types  of  UASs  do  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  public  or  pose  a  threat  to  national  security  in  light  of  
the  following:    
  

          ·  The  UAS's  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operational  capability;    
          ·  Operation  of  the  UAS  in  close  proximity  to  Airports,  Power  Plants,  Fuel  Depots  and  populated  areas;  and    
          ·  Operation  of  the  UAS  within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator.    

  

Reform  Act  §  333  (a).  Lastly,  if  the  Secretary  determines  that  such  vehicles  "may  operate  safely  in  the  national  
airspace  system,  the  Secretary  shall  establish  requirements  for  the  safe  operation  of  such  aircraft  in  the  national  
airspace  system."  Id.  §333(c)  (emphasis  added)2.
  

          The  Federal  Aviation  Act  expressly  grants  the  FAA  the  authority  to  issue  exemptions.  This  statutory  authority  
by  its  terms  includes  exempting  civil  aircraft,  as  the  term  is  defined  under  §40101  of  the  Act,  which  includes  sUAS,  
from  the  requirement  that  all  civil  aircraft  must  have  a  current  airworthiness  certificate.  
  
  
  
2  Applicant  interprets  this  provision  to  place  the  duty  on  the  Administrator  to  not  only  process  applications  for  
exemptions  under  section  333,  but  for  the  Administrator  to  craft  conditions  for  the  safe  operation  of  the  UAS,  if  it  
should  be  determined  that  the  conditions  set  forth  herein  do  not  fulfill  the  statutory  requirements  for  approval.  

  
  
  
  

          The  Administrator  may  grant  an  exemption  from  a  requirement  of  a  regulation  prescribed  under  subsection  
(a)  or  (b)  of  this  section  or  any  sections  44702-44716  of  this  title  if  the  Administrator  finds  the  exemption  in  the  
public  interest.  49  U.S.C.  §44701(f)  See  also  49  USC  §44711(a);  49  USC  §44704;  14  CFR  §91.203  (a)  (1).  
  

          Habana  Avenue  LLC's  sUAS  are  multi  rotor  craft,  weighting  55  or  fewer  lbs.  including  payload.  They  operate,  
under  normal  conditions  at  a  speed  of  no  more  than  50  mph  and  have  the  capability  to  hover,  and  move  in  the  
vertical  and  horizontal  plane  simultaneously.  They  will  operate  only  in  line  of  sight  and  will  operate  only  within  the  
sterile  area  described  in  the  Fly  Habana  General  Operating  Manual,  (hereinafter  "GOM").  3  Such  operations  will  
insure  that  the  sUAS  will  "not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  national  airspace  system  or  the  public."4  

  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

          Given  the  small  size  of  the  sUAS  involved  and  the  restricted  sterile  environment  within  which  they  will  
operate,  the  applicant  falls  squarely  within  that  zone  of  safety  (an  equivalent  level  of  safety)  in  which  Congress  
envisioned  that  the  FAA  must,  by  exemption,  allow  commercial  operations  of  UASs  to  commence  immediately.  Also  
due  to  the  size  of  the  UASs  and  the  restricted  areas  in  which  the  relevant  sUAS  will  operate,  approval  of  the  
application  presents  no  national  security  issue.  Given  the  clear  direction  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  the  
authority  contained  in  the  Federal  Aviation  Act,  as  amended;  the  strong  equivalent  level  of  safety  surrounding  the  
proposed  operations,  and  the  significant  public  benefit,  including  enhanced  safety,  reduction  in  environmental  
impacts,  including  reduced  emissions  associated  with  allowing  UASs  for  movie  and  television  operations,  the  grant  of  
the  requested  exemptions  is  in  the  public  interest.  Accordingly,  the  applicant  respectfully  requests  that  the  FAA  grant  
the  requested  exemption  without  delay.  
  
AIRCRAFT  AND  EQUIVALENT  LEVEL  OF  SAFETY    
  

          The  applicant  proposes  that  the  exemption  requested  herein  apply  to  civil  aircraft  that  have  the  
characteristics  and  that  operate  with  the  limitations  listed  herein.  These  limitations  provide  for  at  least  an  equivalent  
or  even  higher  level  of  safety  to  operations  under  the  current  regulatory  structure  because  the  proposed  operations  
represent  a  safety  enhancement  to  the  already  safe  movie  and  television  filming  operations  conducted  with  
conventional  aircraft.  
  

          These  limitations  and  conditions  to  which  Habana  Avenue,  LLC  agrees  to  be  bound  when  conducting  
commercial  operations  under  an  FAA  issued  exemption  include:  
  

  

3  The  Fly  Habana  GOM  is  a  comprehensive  outline  of  all  flight  operations  and  procedures,  including  proprietary  
technology  procedures,  that  Habana  Avenue,  LLC  does  not  wish  to  disclose  to  the  general  public.    Therefore,  the  
Manual  is  made  available  to  this  sanctioning  body  for  its  use  only..    A  sample  Aircraft  Operating  Manual  has  been  
included  covering  the  Cinestar  8  HL  aircraft  which  will  be  operated  by  Fly  Habana.    Other  AOM's  are  in  similar  format  
and  available  upon  request.
  
4  Reform  Act  Section  333  (b).  

  

1.  The  sUAS  will  weigh  less  than  55  lbs.    
2.  Flights  will  be  operated  within  line  of  sight  of  a  pilot  and/or  observer.    
3.  Maximum  total  flight  time  for  each  operational  flight  will  be  30  minutes.  Flights  will  be  terminated  at  25%  battery  
power  reserve  should  that  occur  prior  to  the  30  minute  limit.    
4.  Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  AGL  or,  not  more  than  200  feet  above  an  elevated  
platform  from  which  filming  is  planned.    
5.  Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of  the  sUAS  Pilot,  the  Visual  Observer.  
6.  sUAS  pilot  will  operate  under  the  guidance  and  oversight  of  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  at  least  a  private  pilot's  
certificate  and  third  class  medical.    
7.  sUAS  Pilot  will  be  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC).  If  a  pilot  certificate  holder  other  than  the  sUAS  Pilot,  who  possess  the  
necessary  PIC  qualifications,  is  also  present  on  set  (i.e.  the  Aerial  Coordinator),  that  person  can  also  be  designated  as  
PIC.    

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 3 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

8.  The  UAS  will  only  operate  within  a  confined  "Area  of  Operation"  as  defined  in  the  GOM.    
9.  A  briefing  will  be  conducted  in  regard  to  the  planned  sUAS  operations  prior  to  each  day's  production  activities.  It  
will  be  mandatory  that  all  personnel  who  will  be  performing  duties  within  the  boundaries  of  the  area  of  operations  
be  present  for  this  briefing.    
10.  The  operator  will  file  a  FAA  Form  7711-1,  or  its  equivalent,  as  modified  in  light  of  the  requested  exemption,  with  
the  appropriate  Flight  Standards  District  Office  (FSDO.)    
11.  The  operator  will  obtain  the  consent  of  all  persons  involved  in  the  filming  and  ensure  that  only  consenting  
persons  will  be  allowed  within  100  feet  of  the  flight  operation,  and  this  radius  may  be  reduced  to  30  feet  based  upon  
an  equivalent  level  of  safety  as  described  in  the  GOM.    With  the  advanced  permission  of  the  relevant  FSDO,  
operations  at  closer  range  can  be  approved.    
12.  The  operator  will  submit  a  written  Plan  of  Activities  to  the  FSDO  three  days  before  the  proposed  shoot  as  
required  in  the  GOM.    
13.  All  Fly  Habana  crew  will  have  been  trained  in  operation  of  UAS  generally  and  received  up-to-date  information  on  
the  particular  UAS  to  be  operated  as  required  in  the  GOM.    
14.  Observer  and  pilot  will  at  all  times  be  able  to  communicate  by  voice.    
15.  Written  and/or  oral  permission  from  the  relevant  property  holders  will  be  obtained.    
16.  All  required  permissions  and  permits  will  be  obtained  from  territorial,  state,  county  or  city  jurisdictions,  including  
local  law  enforcement,  fire,  or  other  appropriate  governmental  agencies.    
17.  If  the  sUAS  loses  communications  or  loses  its  GPS  signal,  the  UAS  will  have  capability  to  return  to  a  pre-
determined  location  within  the  Security  Perimeter  and  land.    
18.  The  sUAS  will  have  the  capability  to  abort  a  flight  in  case  of  unpredicted  obstacles  or  emergencies.    
  
  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H:  Airworthiness  Certificates  14  C.F.R.  §91.203  (a)  (1)    
  

          Subpart  H,  entitled  Airworthiness  Certificates,  establishes  the  procedural  requirements  for  the  issuance  of  
airworthiness  certificates  as  required  by  FAR  §91.203  (a)  (1).  Given  the  size  and  limited  operating  area  associated  
with  the  aircraft  to  be  utilized  by  the  Applicant,  an  exemption  from  Part  21  Subpart  H  meets  the  requirements  of  an  
equivalent  level  of  safety  under  Part  11  and  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act.  The  Federal  Aviation  Act  (49  U.S.C.§44701  
(f))  and  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  both  authorize  the  FAA  to  exempt  aircraft  from  the  requirement  for  an  
airworthiness  certificate,  upon  consideration  of  the  size,  weight,  speed,  operational  capability,  and  proximity  to  
airports,  power  plants,  fuel  depots  and  populated  areas  of  the  particular  UAS.  In  all  cases,  an  analysis  of  these  criteria  
demonstrates  that  the  UAS  operated  without  an  airworthiness  certificate,  in  the  restricted  environment  and  under  
the  conditions  proposed  will  be  at  least  as  safe,  or  safer,  than  a  conventional  aircraft  (fixed  wing  or  rotorcraft)  
operating  with  an  airworthiness  certificate  without  the  restrictions  and  conditions  proposed.  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                          Page 4 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

          The  sUAS  to  be  operated  hereunder  is  less  than  55  lbs.  fully  loaded,  carries  neither  a  pilot  nor  passenger,  
carries  no  explosive  materials  or  flammable  liquid  fuels,  and  operates  exclusively  within  a  secured  area  as  set  out  in  
the  General  Operating  Manual.  Unlike  other  civil  aircraft,  operations  under  this  exemption  will  be  tightly  controlled  
and  monitored  by  both  the  operator,  pursuant  to  the  Manual's  requirements,  and  under  the  requirements  and  in  
compliance  with  local  public  safety  requirements,  to  provide  security  for  the  area  of  operation  as  is  now  done  with  
conventional  filming.  The  FAA  will  have  advance  notice  of  all  operations.  These  safety  enhancements,  which  already  
apply  to  civil  aircraft  operated  in  connection  with  motion  picture  and  television  production,  provide  a  greater  degree  
of  safety  to  the  public  and  property  owners  than  conventional  operations  conducted  with  airworthiness  certificates  
issued  under  14  C.F.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H.  Lastly,  application  of  these  same  criteria  demonstrates  that  there  is  no  
credible  threat  to  national  security  posed  by  the  UAS,  due  to  its  size,  speed  of  operation,  location  of  operation,  lack  
of  explosive  materials  or  flammable  liquid  fuels,  and  inability  to  carry  a  substantial  external  load.  

  

14  C.F.R.  §  45.23  (b).  Marking  of  the  Aircraft    
  

          The  regulation  requires:    
  

               When  marks  include  only  the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration  number  is  displayed  on  
               limited,  restricted  or  light-sport  category  aircraft  or  experimental  or  provisionally  certificated  aircraft,  the  
               operator  must  also  display  on  that  aircraft  near  each  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  
               letters  not  less  than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the  words  "limited,"  "restricted,"  "light-sport,"  
               "experimental,"  or  "provisional,"  as  applicable.    
                 
          Even  though  the  UAS  will  have  no  airworthiness  certificate,  an  exemption  may  be  needed  as  the  UAS  will  
have  no  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit  or  pilot  station  on  which  the  word  "Experimental"  can  be  placed.  Given  the  
size  of  the  sUAV,  two-inch  lettering  will  be  impossible.  The  word  "Experimental"  will  be  placed  on  the  fuselage  in  
compliance  with  §45.29  (f).  
  
          The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  provided  by  having  the  sUAV  marked  on  its  fuselage  as  required  by  
§45.29  (f)  where  the  pilot,  observer  and  others  working  with  the  sUAV  will  see  the  identification  of  the  UAS  as  
"Experimental."  The  FAA  has  issued  the  following  exemptions  to  this  regulation  to  Exemptions  Nos.  10700,  8738,  
10167  and  10167A.    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 5 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a)  &  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.    
  

          Sections  61.113  (a)  &  (b)  limit  private  pilots  to  non-commercial  operations.  Because  the  UAS  will  not  carry  a  
pilot  or  passengers,  the  proposed  operations  can  achieve  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  of  current  operations  by  
requiring  the  PIC  operating  the  aircraft  to  operate  under  the  supervision  of  a  private  pilot's  license  holder  rather  than  
a  commercial  pilot's  license  holder.    Unlike  a  conventional  aircraft  that  carries  the  pilot  and  passengers,  the  sUAS  is  
remotely  controlled  with  no  living  thing  on  board.  The  area  of  operation  is  controlled  and  restricted,  and  all  flights  
are  planned  and  coordinated  in  advance  as  set  forth  in  the  GOM.  The  level  of  safety  provided  by  the  requirements  
included  in  the  GOM  exceed  that  provided  by  a  single  individual  holding  a  commercial  pilot's  certificate  operating  a  
conventional  aircraft.  The  risks  associated  with  the  operation  of  the  sUAS  are  so  diminished  from  the  level  of  risk  
associated  with  commercial  operations  contemplated  by  Part  61  when  drafted,  that  allowing  operations  of  the  sUAS  
as  requested  with  a  private  pilot  in  a  supervisory  role  aiding  the  PIC  exceeds  the  present  level  of  safety  achieved  by  
14  C.F.R.  §61.113  (a)  &  (b).  
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.7(a):  Civil  aircraft  airworthiness.    
  

          The  regulation  requires  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  airworthy  condition.  As  there  
will  be  no  airworthiness  certificate  issued  for  the  aircraft,  should  this  exemption  be  granted,  no  FAA  regulatory  
standard  will  exist  for  determining  airworthiness.  Given  the  size  of  the  aircraft  and  the  requirements  contained  in  the  
General  Operating  Manual  for  maintenance  and  use  of  safety  check  lists  prior  to  each  flight,  an  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  provided.    
  
14  C.F.R.  §  91.9  (b)  (2):  Civil  Aircraft  Flight  Manual  in  the  Aircraft.  
  

          Section  91.9  (b)  (2)  provides:  
    

               No  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  civil  aircraft  ...    
                 
               (2)  For  which  an  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual  is  not  required  by  §21.5  of  this  chapter,  unless  
               there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a  current  approved  airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual,  approved  
               manual  material,  markings,  and  placards,  or  any  combination  thereof.  
  
          The  sUAS,  given  its  size  and  configuration  has  no  ability  or  place  to  carry  such  a  flight  manual  on  the  aircraft,  
not  only  because  there  is  no  pilot  on  board,  but  because  there  is  no  room  or  capacity  to  carry  such  an  item  on  the  
aircraft.    
  
          The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  maintained  by  keeping  the  flight  manual  at  the  ground  control  point  
where  the  pilot  flying  the  sUAS  will  have  immediate  access  to  it.  The  FAA  has  issued  the  following  exemptions  to  this  
regulation:  Exemption  Nos.  8607,  8737,  8738,  9299,  9299A,  9565,  9565B,  10167,  10167A,  10602,  32827,  and  10700.    
  
  
  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 6 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

14  C.F.R.  §  91.103:  Preflight  action    
  

          This  regulation  requires  each  pilot  in  command  to  take  certain  actions  before  flight  to  insure  the  safety  of  
flight.  As  FAA  approved  rotorcraft  flight  manuals  will  not  be  provided  for  the  aircraft  an  exemption  will  be  needed.  An  
equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  provided  as  set  forth  in  the  Aircraft  Operating  Manual  (AOM)  for  each  UAS.  The  PIC  
will  take  all  actions  as  described  in  the  GOM  and  AOM.  
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.109:  Flight  instruction:  
  

          Section  91.103  provides  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  (except  a  manned  free  balloon)  that  is  
being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.    
  

          sUAS  and  remotely  piloted  aircraft,  by  their  design  do  not  have  fully  functional  dual  controls.  Flight  control  is  
accomplished  through  the  use  of  a  control  box  that  communicates  with  the  aircraft  via  radio  communications.  The  
FAA  has  approved  exemptions  for  flight  training  without  fully  functional  dual  controls  for  a  number  of  aircraft  and  for  
flight  instruction  in  experimental  aircraft.  See  Exemption  Nos.5778K  &  9862A.  The  equivalent  level  of  safety  provided  
by  the  fact  that  neither  a  pilot  nor  passengers  will  be  carried  in  the  aircraft  and  by  the  size  and  speed  of  the  aircraft.  
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.119:  Minimum  safe  altitudes    
  

          Section  91.119  establishes  safe  altitudes  for  operation  of  civil  aircraft.  Section  91.119  (d)  allows  helicopters  
to  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed,  provided  the  person  operating  the  helicopter  complies  with  
any  route  or  altitudes  prescribed  for  helicopters  by  the  FAA.  As  this  exemption  is  for  a  sUAS  that  is  a  helicopter  and  
the  exemption  requests  authority  to  operate  at  altitudes  up  to  400  Above  Ground  Level  (AGL,)  or  not  more  than  200  
above  an  elevated  platform  from  which  filming  is  planned,  an  exemption  may  be  needed  to  allow  such  operations.  As  
set  forth  herein,  except  for  the  limited  conditions  stated  in  the  General  Operating  Manual,  the  UAS  will  never  
operate  at  higher  than  400  AGL.  It  will  however  be  operated  in  a  restricted  area  with  security  perimeter,  where  
buildings  and  people  will  not  be  exposed  to  operations  without  their  pre-obtained  notification  and  consent  when  
required.  
  

          The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  speed  of  the  UAS  as  well  as  the  location  
where  it  is  operated.  No  flight  will  be  taken  without  the  permission  of  the  property  owner  or  local  officials.  Because  
of  the  advance  notice  to  the  property  owner  and  participants  in  the  filming  activity,  all  affected  individuals  will  be  
aware  of  the  planned  flight  operations  as  set  forth  in  the  GOM.  Compared  to  flight  operations  with  aircraft  or  
rotorcraft  weighing  far  more  than  the  maximum  55lbs.  proposed  herein  and  the  lack  of  flammable  fuel,  any  risk  
associated  with  these  operations  is  far  less  than  those  presently  presented  with  conventional  aircraft  operating  at  or  
below  500  AGL  in  the  movie  industry.  In  addition,  the  low-altitude  operations  of  the  sUAS  will  ensure  separation  
between  these  small-UAS  operations  and  the  operations  of  conventional  aircraft  that  must  comply  with  Section  
91.119.    

            
  
  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 7 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

14  C.F.R.  §91.121  Altimeter  Settings    
  

          This  regulation  requires  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  to  maintain  cruising  altitude  by  reference  to  an  
altimeter  that  is  set  "...to  the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  
departure."  As  the  sUAS  may  not  have  a  barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  a  GPS  altitude  read  out,  an  exemption  may  
be  needed.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  the  operator,  pursuant  to  the  General  Operating  Manual  
and  Safety  Check  list,  confirming  the  altitude  of  the  launch  site  shown  on  the  GPS  altitude  indicator  before  flight.    
  
14  C.F.R.  §  91.151(a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions    
  

          Section  91.151  (a)  prohibits  an  individual  from  beginning  "a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  conditions  unless  
(considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing,  
and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed  ­  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  
fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes."  
    

          Fly  Habana  requests  relief  from  Section  91.151  due  to  the  battery  life  that  powers  the  sUAS.    Typical  aerial  
batteries  provide  approximately  40  minutes  of  powered  flight.  To  meet  the  30-minute  reserve  requirement  in  14  CFR  
§91.151,  sUAS  flights  would  be  limited  to  approximately  10  minutes  in  length.  In  relief  of  the  30-minute  reserve,  
given  the  limitations  on  the  UAS's  proposed  area  of  predetermined  operation,  a  longer  time  frame  for  flight  might  be  
reasonable.    As  per  FH's  General  Operating  Manual,  flight  times  will  never  exceed  75%  of  the  battery(s)  consumption  
or  25%  reserve;  whichever  happens  first.  
  

          Applicant  believes  that  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  §91.151(a)  falls  within  the  scope  of  prior  exemptions.  See  
Exemption  10673  (allowing  Lockheed  Martin  Corporation  to  operate  without  compliance  with  FAR  91.151  (a)).  
Operating  the  small  UAS,  in  a  tightly  controlled  area  where  only  people  and  property  owners  or  official  
representatives  who  have  signed  waivers  will  be  allowed,  with  less  than  30  minutes  of  reserve  fuel,  does  not  
engender  the  type  of  risks  that  Section  91.151(a)  was  intended  to  alleviate  given  the  size  and  speed  of  the  small  UAS.  
Additionally,  limiting  sUAS  flights  to  10  minutes  would  greatly  reduce  the  utility  for  which  the  exemption  will  be  
granted.  
  

          Applicant  believes  that  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  be  achieved  by  limiting  flights  to  30  minutes  or  25%  
of  battery  power  whichever  happens  first.  This  restriction  would  be  more  than  adequate  to  return  the  sUAS  to  its  
planned  landing  zone  from  anywhere  in  its  limited  operating  area.    
  

          Similar  exemptions  have  been  granted  to  other  operations,  including  Exemptions  2689F,  5745,  10673,  and  
10808.    
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.203  (a)  and  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration  
    

          The  regulation  provides  in  pertinent  part:  
            
            
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 8 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

(a) Except  as  provided  in  §  91.715,  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  has  within  it  the  following:    
            

(1) An  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate.  .  .    
            

(a) No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate  required  by  paragraph  (a)  of  this  

          section  or  a  special  flight  authorization  issued  under  §91.715  is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  
          that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew.  
            
          The  UAS  fully  loaded  weighs  no  more  than  55  lbs  and  is  operated  without  an  onboard  pilot.  As  such,  there  is  
no  ability  or  place  to  carry  certification  and  registration  documents  or  to  display  them  on  the  sUAS.    Each  sUAS  
operated  by  Fly  Habana  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  and  all  documentation  carried  by  the  PIC.  
  
          An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  keeping  these  documents  at  the  ground  control  point  where  
the  pilot  flying  the  sUAS  will  have  immediate  access  to  them,  to  the  extent  they  are  applicable  to  the  sUAS.  The  FAA  
has  issued  numerous  exemptions  to  this  regulation.  A  representative  sample  of  other  exceptions  includes  Exemption  
Nos.  9565,  9665,  9789,  9789A,  9797,  9797A,  9816A,  and  10700.    
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (2);  417(a)  &  (b):  Maintenance  Inspections    
  
          These  regulations  require  that  an  aircraft  operator  or  owner  "shall  have  that  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  
in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  
have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter...,"  and  others  shall  inspect  or  maintain  the  
aircraft  in  compliance  with  Part  43.    
  
          Given  that  these  sections  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate,  these  sections  
will  not  apply  to  the  applicant.  Maintenance  will  be  accomplished  by  the  operator  pursuant  to  the  guidelines  set  
forth  in  the  Maintenance  manuals  designed  for  each  UAS.      An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  because  
these  small  UASs  are  very  limited  in  size  and  will  carry  a  small  payload  and  operate  only  in  restricted  areas  for  limited  
periods  of  time.  If  mechanical  issues  arise  the  UAS  can  land  immediately  and  will  be  operating  from  no  higher  than  
400  feet  AGL.  As  provided  in  the  GOM,  the  operator  will  ensure  that  the  UAS  is  in  working  order  prior  to  initiating  
flight,  perform  required  maintenance,  and  keep  a  log  of  any  maintenance  performed.  Moreover,  the  operator  is  the  
person  most  familiar  with  the  aircraft  and  best  suited  to  maintain  the  aircraft  in  an  airworthy  condition  to  provide  
the  equivalent  level  of  safety.    
  

                                                                  *********  
                                                                           

          Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  the  following  summary  is  provided  for  publication  in  the  Federal  Register,  
should  it  be  determined  that  publication  is  needed:    
  

          Applicant  seeks  an  exemption  from  the  following  rules:  
14  C.F.R.  §21,  subpart  H;  14  C.F.R  45.23(b);14  C.F.R.  §§  61.113(  a)  &  (b);91.7  (a);  91.9  (b)  (2);91.103(b);91.109;  
91.119;  91.121;  91.151(a);91.203(a)  and  (b);  91.405  (a);  91.407  (a)  (1);  91.409  (a)  (2);  91.409  (a)  (2)  and  91.417  (a)  &  
(b)  to  operate  commercially  a  small  unmanned  vehicle  (55lbs  or  less)  in  motion  picture  and  television  operations.  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Page 9 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

                                FAA sUAS Exemption Request

          Approval  of  exemptions  allowing  commercial  operations  of  sUAS  in  the  film  and  content  creation  industry  
will  enhance  safety  by  reducing  risk.  Conventional  film  operations,  using  jet  or  piston  power  aircraft,  operate  at  
extremely  low  altitudes  just  feet  from  the  subject  being  filmed  and  in  extreme  proximity  to  people  and  structures;  
and  present  the  risks  associated  with  vehicles  that  weigh  in  the  neighborhood  of  4,000lbs.,  carrying  large  amounts  of  
jet  A  or  other  fuel  (140  gallons  for  jet  helicopters,  e.g.).  Such  aircraft  must  fly  to  and  from  the  film  location.  In  
contrast,  a  sUAS  weighing  fewer  than  55  lbs.  and  powered  by  batteries  eliminates  virtually  all  of  that  risk  given  the  
reduced  mass  and  lack  of  combustible  fuel  carried  on  board.  The  sUAS  is  carried  to  the  film  set  and  not  flown.  The  
sUAS  will  carry  no  passengers  or  crew  and,  therefore,  will  not  expose  them  to  the  risks  associated  with  manned  
aircraft  flights.    
  

          The  operation  of  small  UASs,  weighing  less  than  55  lbs.,  conducted  in  the  strict  conditions  outlined  above,  
will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  supporting  the  grant  of  the  exemptions  requested  herein,  including  
exempting  the  applicant  from  the  requirements  of  Part  21  and  allowing  commercial  operations.  These  lightweight  
aircraft  operate  at  slow  speeds,  close  to  the  ground,  and  in  a  sterile  environment  and,  as  a  result,  are  far  safer  than  
conventional  operations  conducted  with  turbine  helicopters  operating  in  close  proximity  to  the  ground  and  people.    
  
Privacy  
    

          All  flights  will  occur  over  private  or  controlled  access  property  with  the  property  owner's  prior  consent  and  
knowledge.  Filming  will  be  of  people  who  have  also  consented  to  being  filmed  or  otherwise  have  agreed  to  be  in  the  
area  where  filming  will  take  place.    
  

          Satisfaction  of  the  criteria  provided  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  of  2012--size,  weight,  speed,  operating  
capabilities,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas  and  operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  and  national  security  ­  
provide  more  than  adequate  justification  for  the  grant  of  the  requested  exemptions  allowing  commercial  operation  
of  applicant's  UAS  in  the  motion  picture  and  television  industry  pursuant  to  the  Manual  appended  hereto.  
  

  
Thank  you,  

Steven  J.  Levy      

Habana  Avenue,  LLC  dba  Fly  Habana  
Executive  Producer,  Founder  
917-838-3163  
  

Fly Habana sUAS FAA Exemption REQUEST December 2014                          Page 10 of 10

                                     A Creative Aerial Company

                                           (844) FlyHabana / (844) 359-4222

                                                          www.FlyHabana.com
