May 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11487
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0316

Mr. David A. Culler, Jr.
CEO
HAZON Solutions, LLC
545 South Birdneck Road, Suite 201-B
Virginia Beach, VA 23451

Dear Mr. Culler:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of HAZON Solutions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct crisis
response support, including search and rescue, damage assessment, insurance claims
assessment, and enhancing disaster site situational awareness for first responders.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Discussion of Public Comments:

There was one comment in support of the petitioner's request.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI S1000+, Draganflyer X4-ES,
Penguin V2, and Fire Fly 6.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, HAZON Solutions, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, HAZON Solutions, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI S1000+, Draganflyer X4-ES, Penguin V2, and Fire Fly 6when weighing less than
         55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
         new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                            Table of Contents
Glossary of Abbreviations.......................................................................4
List of Attachments...............................................................................5
Introduction and Interest of Petitioner.......................................................5
Unmanned Aerial Systems......................................................................5
Unmanned Aircraft Pilot in Command (PIC).................................................8
Operations of sUAS ..............................................................................10
Requested Exemptions from Regulations ....................................................13
Public Interest...................................................................................16
Conclusion.......................................................................................17

                                                                                                Page 3 of 17
             Glossary of Abbreviations

AGL          Above Ground Level
ATC          Air Traffic Control
COA          Certificate of Authorization
FAA          Federal Aviation Administration
FAR          Federal Aviation Regulation
MAAP         Mid Atlantic Aviation Partnership
NAS          National Airspace System
PIC          Pilot in Command
PQS          Personnel Qualification System
Section 333  FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
SOP          Standard Operating Procedures
sUAS         Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
VFR          Visual Flight Rules
VMC          Visual Meteorological Conditions
VT           Virginia Polytechnic Institute
VO           Visual Observer
VLOS         Visual Line of Sight

                                                                    Page 4 of 17
List of Attachments

         (1) HAZON Standard Operating Procedures Extract, Chapters 1-4 and
Checklists/Forms

         (2) DJI Phantom 2 Operating Manual
         (3) DJI S1000+ Operating Manual
         (4) Draganflyer X4-ES sUAV Operating Manual
         (5) Draganflyer Ground Station Operating Manual
         (6) Certificate of Authorization (COA) 2014-ESA-160
         (7) Penguin V2 Operating Manual
         (8) Fire Fly 6 Operating Manual

Eight attachments listed are referenced in the request for exemption and contain trade secret
and commercial proprietary information that HAZON has not and will not share with others
except under appropriate confidentiality agreements. The HAZON Standard Operating
Procedures (SOP) attachment contains operating conditions and procedures that have been
developed exclusively by HAZON, and that are not available to the public. HAZON is
requesting that these attachments be treated as proprietary information pursuant to 14
C.F.R. Section 11.35, and maintains that they are protected from release under the Freedom
of Information Act. See 5 U.S.C. 552 et seq.

Section 1: Introduction and Interest of Petitioner

HAZON, Veteran owned and operated, is the leading developer of sUAV service
operations, training, safety and management programs. The mission of HAZON is to
support, develop and validate unmanned system operations. Our goal is to provide
unmatched quality and safety.

HAZON has safely conducted FAA approved COA, (2014-ESA-160) for infrastructure
inspection with Virginia Tech (MAAP). HAZON will be executing an FAA approved
COA for Crisis Response with Virginia Tech in the Spring of 2015.

Section 2: Unmanned Aerial Systems

Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft System

1. Petitioners should describe how the proposed UAS operation will be safely conducted to
minimize risk to the NAS or to persons and property on the ground. Specifically, petitioners
should describe the design and operational characteristics for the type(s) of UAS they
intend to operate, e.g. aircraft performance and performance limitations, operating
procedures, and aircraft loading information in as much detail as possible. This could be
provided in the petition or in an Aircraft Flight Manual or similar document.
NOTE: The FAA will consider all information and data submitted by the petitioner that
describes the UAS developmental and operational history. This could include statistical
data or other documentation for the specific design and performance characteristics of the
UAS, including the operational history and operational failure modes, obtained through
previous Research & Development (R&D) and/or flight test activities, e.g. operations

                                                                                                Page 5 of 17
conducted under a COA, with a civil airworthiness certificate, or under other authorized
operating conditions.

2. Petitioners should describe any procedures they would implement, such as pre-flight
inspections, maintenance, and repair, to ensure that the UAS is in a condition for safe
flight. This could be provided in the petition, an Aircraft Flight Manual, a Maintenance and
Inspection Manual, or similar document.
NOTE: The Aircraft Flight Manual and Maintenance and Inspection Manual may be
separate documents or combined in a single document

3. The petitioner should describe the Radio Frequency (RF) spectrum used for control of
the UAS and associated equipment that is part of the UAS (i.e., sensors, cameras, etc.), and
whether it complies with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate
government oversight agency requirements.
NOTE: Petitioners should be able to provide the FCC approval letter or show compliance
with FCC requirements upon request.

General Information Pertaining to All Proposed sUAS

HAZON will operate less than fifty-five pound sUAS, with the ability to support crisis
response, including but not limited to search and rescue, damage assessment, insurance
claims assessment, and to enhance disaster site situational awareness for first responders
and others, with payloads capable of supporting this mission.

Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the sUAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the sUAS, the
aircraft will be prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and the sUAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control
Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must
be properly documented in aircraft records. All discrepancies noted shall be documented as
described in the HAZON SOP (Chapter 1, Para 111).

Any sUAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the sUAS operation or
flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, shall undergo a
functional test flight in accordance with the manufacturers manual and HAZON SOP
(Chapter 1, Para 111). The PIC who conducts the functional test flight shall make an entry
in the sUAS aircraft logbook of the flight.

HAZON shall follow the manufacturer's sUAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection and life limit requirements, with particular attention to flight
critical components that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.

HAZON shall carry out their maintenance, inspections and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the operator's manual. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be
noted in the aircraft log book, including total flight hours, description of work
accomplished, and the signature of the authorized maintenance technician returning the
sUAV to service. HAZON SOP (Chapter 1, Para 111).

                                                                                                Page 6 of 17
Each sUAS operated under the proposed exemption shall comply with all manufacturer
System and Safety Bulletins.

HAZON technicians will receive and document training referenced in the manufacturer's
operations manual.

HAZON technicians shall make a record entry in the sUAS logbook or equivalent
document of the corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between
inspections.

Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control
of the sUAS shall comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

DJI Phantom 2

HAZON seeks an exemption to operate DJI Phantom 2 sUAS, for compensation or hire.
The DJI Phantom 2 is comprised of a quad rotor unmanned aircraft and a handheld ground
control station. The Phantom II has a maximum gross weight of approximately 2.8 pounds,
diameter (rotor span) 23.75 inches, width of 12.5 inches, and height of 8.1 inches. The
Phantom II is equipped with four rotors driven by four lithium polymer battery powered
electric motors.

Design and operational characteristics are provided in DJI Phantom 2 Operating Manual
(Page 35). Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in HAZON
SOP (Chapter 2 Para 202) and DJI Phantom 2 Operating Manual (Page 24).

DJI S1000+

HAZON seeks an exemption to operate a DJI-S1000 sUAS for compensation or hire. The
DJI-S1000+ is comprised of a multi-rotor unmanned aircraft and two handheld ground
control stations. The DJI-S1000 has a maximum gross weight of approximately 24 pounds,
diagonal wheelbase of 41.4 inches, and height of approximately 18 inches. The DJI- S1000
is equipped with eight rotors driven by eight lithium polymer battery powered electric
motors.

Design and operational characteristics are provided in DJI S1000+ Operating Manual (Page
22).

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in HAZON SOP (Chapter
2 Para 202) and DJI S1000+ Operating Manual (Page 4).

Draganflyer X4-ES

HAZON seeks an exemption to operate a DraganFlyer X4-ES sUAS for compensation or
hire. The DraganFlyer is comprised of a quad rotor unmanned aircraft and two handheld
ground control stations. The DraganFlyer has a maximum gross weight of approximately
5.6 pounds, diameter (rotor span) of 42 inches, width of 34 inches, and height of 11 inches.

                                                                                                Page 7 of 17
The DraganFlyer is equipped with four rotors driven by four lithium polymer battery
powered electric motors.

Design and operational characteristics of the Draganflyer X4-ES are provided in
Draganflyer X4-ES Operating Manual (Pages 77-80) and Ground Station Operating Manual
(Pages 75-76).

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in HAZON SOP (Chapter
2 Para 202), Draganflyer X4-ES Operating Manual (Pages 52-54) and Draganflyer Ground
Station Operating Manual (Pages 62-64).

Penguin V2

The Penguin V2 is a fixed wing brushless motor pusher prop sUAS. It has a wingspan of
67.7 inches and a length of 48.5 inches. It has a wing area of 3.9 ft2, and is powered by a
lithium polymer battery. It has a maximum flight weight of 4.8 pounds. It is made of EPO
foam and the wing and fuselage are reinforced with wood, aluminum alloy and carbon fiber
piping. It has an observed normal cruise air speed of about 25 mph. Design and
operational characteristics of the Penguin are provided in the Penguin V2 Operating
Manual (Page 2).

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in HAZON SOP (Chapter
2 Para 202) and Penguin Operating Manual (Pages 9-10).

FireFly 6

The FireFly 6 is a hybrid sUAS that can conduct vertical take offs and landings (VTOL)
and then transition to conventional horizontal flight. It is powered by six brushless motors
and two or four lithium polymer batteries. It has a wingspan of 60 inches and a length of
37.4 inches with a maximum flight weight of 9.0 pounds. The FireFly 6 has a normal
cruise air speed of 30 mph, and a maximum air speed of 57 mph during conventional
horizontal flight.

Flight crews shall conduct pre-flight inspections as documented in HAZON SOP (Chapter
2 Para 202) and FireFly 6 Operating Manual (Page 36).

Section 3: Unmanned Aircraft Pilot in Command (PIC)

Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft PIC

4. Petitioners should describe the qualifications required of any PIC(s) who will be directly
responsible for the operation of the UAS, including information such as: the level of airman
certificate held; any applicable training related to the operation; and any minimum hours
of flight experience required by the PIC(s), both total flight time and the time with the
particular UAS. If the operation would use visual observers, petitioners should describe
their roles and qualifications.

                                                                                                Page 8 of 17
5. Petitioners should describe the medical standards and certification of the PIC(s) directly
responsible for the operation of the UAS.

All HAZON Flight Crews, including PIC and Visual Observers (VO), will be qualified as
directed by HAZON SOP (Chapter 1, Para 108).

All flight crew members, including PIC and VO, will have an understanding of, and
comply with, Title 14 Code of Federal Regulations, and/or Agency directives and
regulations, applicable to the airspace where the sUAS will operate. Specifically all flight
crew members will receive training on the rules and responsibilities described in 14 CFR
Part 91 Sections 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115 regarding cloud clearance, flight visibility and
the pilot controller glossary, including standard ATC phraseology and communication.

The PIC must possess at least a current private pilot certificate and third class medical
certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR
Section 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot certificate.

Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
CFR Section 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a sUAS pilot and at least ten
hours logged as a sUAS pilot with similar sUAS type (fixed wing or rotary). Prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience building flights are
requested to be conducted under this grant of exception to accomplish the required flight
cycles and flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience building flights, all
persons not essential for flight operations will be considered non-participants and the PIC
will operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from non-participants in accordance with
14 CFR Section 91.119.

Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection (or similar
operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged in a manner consistent with 14
CFR Section 61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as a sUAS PIC operating the make and
model of the sUAS to be utilized for operations under this requested exemption, and three
take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days. Training, proficiency, experience-
building, and take-off and landing currency flights are requested to be conducted under this
grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency. During
training, proficiency, experience building, and take-off and landing currency flights all
personnel not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
must operate the sUAS with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
14 CFR Section 91.119.

All operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the Visual Line of Sight
(VLOS) requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. This condition and limitation is
consistent with all FAA approved Exemptions.

                                                                                                Page 9 of 17
Section 4: Operations of sUAS

Regarding the Operation of the Unmanned Aircraft

6. Petitioners should fully describe their intended UAS operation(s). Petitioners should
describe how the proposed operation(s) would not adversely affect safety, or how they
would provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that provided by the rule from which
exemption is sought. Petitioners should address any plans to implement clearly defined
operational borders and procedures to ensure public safety, which includes persons and
property both in the air and on the ground. This can be described in the petition, in an
Operations Manual, or similar document.
NOTE: The FAA will closely examine the proposed operation(s) with respect to safety of
flight, NAS safety considerations, and the safety of the non-participating persons and
property during the operational period and within the operational area.

7. Petitioners should specify the proposed maximum operating speed and altitude, and
describe minimum flight visibility and distance from clouds for their intended operation(s).
Petitioners should describe potential hazards and safety mitigations associated with these
proposed conditions. These issues can be addressed in the petition, an Operations Manual,
or similar document.

The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

The sUAS shall be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC will be in feet.

The multi-rotor sUAS shall not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 30 mph.

Fixed wing and hybrid sUAS shall be flown at a ground speed not to exceed the maximum
design limitation air speed of 57 mph as stated in the operating manuals.

sUAS Operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The
sUAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2000 feet horizontally from
a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with HAZON SOP.

The sUAS PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with operating documents.

The sUAS PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the sUAS with 25% battery power remaining.

                                                                                              Page 10 of 17
The sUAS operated in accordance with this proposed exemption shall be identified by
serial numbers, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as
large as practicable.

The sUAS documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 shall be available to the PIC
at the Ground Control Station of the sUAS anytime the aircraft is operating. Those
documents shall be available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon
request.

Any sUAS incidents, accidents or flight operations that transgress the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA shall be reported to the
FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents shall be reported to
the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB
Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this petition, the sUAS PIC, and the sUAS operations shall
comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61
and 91.

8. Petitioners should describe the characteristics of the area of intended operation(s) and
the associated potential hazards, in accordance with the statutory mandate under Section
333 regarding proximity to populated areas. These issues can be addressed in the petition,
an Operations Manual, or similar document.

The sUAS shall not be operated over congested or densely populated areas. These areas
include but are not limited to the yellow areas depicted on World Aeronautical Charts
(WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or Terminal Area Charts (TAC). Each
work site will also be evaluated based on local conditions.

Operations of sUAS may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from participating
persons, vessels, vehicles or structures that perform an essential function in connection with
these special purpose operations. Operations closer than 500 feet from the PIC, VO,
operator trainees and essential persons are permitted when operationally necessary; but
never so close to present an undue hazard. This is consistent with Exemption No. 11138.

Operations of sUAS may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from unoccupied
vessels, vehicles or structures owned by the land owner/controller when the land
owner/controller grants such permission, and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk
from operations and determines that it does not present an undue hazard to persons or
property. This is consistent with Exemption No. 11138.

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons
unless barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
from the sUAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. HAZON shall ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight
operations will cease immediately. This is consistent with Exemption No. 11138.

                                                                                              Page 11 of 17
All operations of sUAS shall be conducted with the permission from the land
owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from the land owner/controller
or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

9. Petitioners should describe if they intend to operate in the proximity of any airports, in
accordance with the statutory mandate under Section 333 regarding proximity to airports.

The sUAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted
on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that
airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
management will be made available to the Administrator upon request. This is consistent
with Exemption No 11159.

10. The UAS must be operated within visual line-of-sight (VLOS), in accordance with the
statutory mandate under Section 333(b)(1). Petitioners should describe how they intend to
comply with his mandate.

The sUAS must be operated within VLOS of the PIC and VO at all times. This requires the
PIC to be able to use human vision to see the sUAS unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA issued medical certificate.

All sUAS operations must utilize a VO. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must
be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC and VO must be designated before
the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in HAZON's SOP (Chapter
1, Para 103).

The sUAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle. Operations
will not be conducted during night as defined in 14 CFR 1.1.

11. Petitioners should describe any procedures they would implement for conducting a
preflight safety risk assessment to determine that the UAS is in a condition for safe flight
(14 CFR § 91.7(b)) and that the planned operation can be completed safely. These
procedures can be addressed in the petition, an Aircraft Flight Manual, Operations
Manual, or similar document.

HAZON will conduct preflight safety risk assessments to determine that the sUAS is in a
condition for safe flight (14 CFR Section 91.7(b)) and that the planned operation can be
completed safely. Specific procedures are addressed in HAZON's SOP (Chapter 2, Para
202), and sUAS Operation Manuals.

12. If petitioners intend to conduct operations which have existing requirements to notify
Flight Standards District Offices (FSDOs) prior to operations ­ such as motion picture and
television filming, or pipeline and powerline patrol ­ petitioners should describe their
intended coordination in this regard for their proposed operation(s).

                                                                                              Page 12 of 17
HAZON's operations do not require a notification to Flight Standards District Offices
(FSDOs).

13. The FAA intends to require entities who obtain an exemption under this process to also
obtain a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA Air Traffic
Organization prior to conducting operation(s) in the NAS.

HAZON shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this requested grant of
exemption. Additionally, HAZON will request a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) not more
than 72 hours, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

Section 5: Requested Exemptions from Regulations

Considered Regulation Title                      Recommended Action

14 C.F.R Part 21.185  Airworthiness              HAZON recommends that in
                      Certificate                consideration of the size, weight,
                                                 speed and limited operating area
14 C.F.R. Part 45.23(b) Display of marks         associated with these aircraft and
                                                 their operation, the Secretary of
14 C.F.R. Part 61.113(a) Private pilot           Transportation determines that these
                                 privileges and  aircraft meet the conditions of
                                 limitations     Section 333. Relief is not
                                                 necessary.
                                                 HAZON sUAV shall be identified
                                                 by serial number, registered in
                                                 accordance with 14 CFR part 47,
                                                 and have identification (N-Number)
                                                 markings in accordance with 14
                                                 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings
                                                 will be as large as practicable.
                                                 Relief is not necessary.
                                                 The FAA has found in previous
                                                 grants of exemption that a PIC with
                                                 a private pilot certificate operating a
                                                 sUAS would not adversely affect
                                                 operations in the NAS or present a
                                                 hazard to persons or property on the
                                                 ground. Request relief with
                                                 limitations and conditions
                                                 specified in this petition.

                                                 Page 13 of 17
14 C.F.R. Part 61.133(b)  Commercial pilot       The FAA has found in previous
                          privileges and         grants of exemption that a PIC with
14 C.F.R. Part 91.7(a)    limitations            a private pilot certificate operating a
                                                 sUAS would not adversely affect
14 C.F.R. Part            Civil Aircraft         operations in the NAS or present a
91.9(b)(2) &(c)           Airworthiness          hazard to persons or property on the
14 C.F.R. Part 91.103                            ground. Request relief with
14 C.F.R. Part 91.109(a)  Civil Aircraft Flight  limitations and conditions
                          Manual, Marking,       specified in this petition.
                          and Placard            HAZON recommends that in
                          Requirements           consideration of the size, weight,
                                                 speed and limited operating area
                          Preflight Action       associated with this aircraft and its
                          Flight Instruction     operation, the Secretary of
                                                 Transportation determines that these
                                                 aircraft meet the conditions of
                                                 Section 333. Relief is not
                                                 necessary.
                                                 The FAA has previously determined
                                                 that relief from these sections is not
                                                 necessary. Relevant materials may
                                                 be kept in a location accessible to
                                                 the PIC in compliance with the
                                                 regulations. Relief is not
                                                 necessary.
                                                 HAZON will perform. Relief is not
                                                 necessary.
                                                 HAZON will conduct all flight
                                                 training through procedures
                                                 specified in Training Instruction
                                                 during dedicated training sessions.
                                                 Based on previous decisions made
                                                 by the FAA for sUAS petitions
                                                 regarding this regulation, relief is
                                                 not necessary.

14 C.F.R. Part 91.119(c) Minimum Safe            Aircraft will be operated below 400
                                 Altitude        AGL, but not over congested areas.
                                                 Request relief with limitations and
                                                 conditions specified in this
                                                 petition.

                                                 Page 14 of 17
14 C.F.R. Part 121    Altimeter Settings    The proposed aircraft have a
                                            barometric altimeter and GPS
14 C.F.R. Part 91.151(a) Fuel Requirements  derived altitude capabilities.
                                 in VFR     HAZON recommends that the
                                            altimeter be set to zero feet AGL
14 C.F.R. Part 91.203(a) Certifications     rather than local barometric pressure
                                            or field altitude before flight.
and (b)               Required              Considering the limited altitude of
                                            the proposed operations. Request
14 C.F.R. Part 91.405(a) Maintenance        relief with limitations and
                                 Required   conditions specified in this
                                            petition.
14 C.F.R. Part        Operation after       Prior relief has been granted for
91.407(a)(1)          Maintenance           manned and unmanned aircraft to
                                            operate at less than prescribed
14 C.F.R. Part        Inspections           minimums. Request relief with
91.409(a)(1) and (2)                        limitations and conditions
                                            specified in this petition.
14 C.F.R. Part 91.417(a) Maintenance        Original intent of these regulations
                                            was to display an aircraft's
and (b)               Records               airworthiness, certification and
                                            registration documents so they
                                            would be easily available to
                                            inspectors and passengers. Based on
                                            the FAA Memorandum subject,
                                            "Interpretation regarding whether
                                            certain required documents may be
                                            kept at an unmanned aircraft's
                                            control station," dated August 8,
                                            2014, relief is not necessary.
                                            Request relief with limitations and
                                            conditions specified in this
                                            petition.
                                            Request relief with limitations and
                                            conditions specified in this
                                            petition.
                                            Request relief with limitations and
                                            conditions specified in this
                                            petition.
                                            Request relief with limitations and
                                            conditions specified in this
                                            petition.

                                            Page 15 of 17
Public Interest
HAZON's operations of sUAS to perform aerial crisis response support will reduce the risk
to life and property of first responders and crisis response teams by decreasing the
requirements for personnel to enter unknown/unsafe areas without prior knowledge of
hazards in the affected disaster area. The utilization of sUAS will also enhance situational
awareness for crisis management leadership and victim/survivor search and rescue, thus
reducing the requirements for and risk to manned aircraft operating in this often constrained
and austere environment. HAZON will use battery-powered sUAS that serve as safe and
efficient alternatives to the manned aircraft commonly utilized to conduct crisis response
support. The information gathered during these flights will be used to inform long term
recovery efforts, to include infrastructure rebuilding and individual and commercial
insurance claims. Also, the flight data, inspection results, recorded observations and
lessons learned from these operations will be compiled to further enhance its current safety
program.
The applicant proposes that the exemptions requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have
the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety
enhancement to infrastructure inspections conducted by manned aircraft.

                                                                                              Page 16 of 17
