July 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11969
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1203

Mr. Whitney M. Johnson
Managing Member
HighGround Images, LLC
310 East Port Au Prince Lane
Phoenix, AZ 85022

Dear Mr. Johnson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of HighGround Images, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial image
acquisition for, including but not limited to, the following industries: motion picture and
television, real estate, short range inspection, mapping and survey, agriculture, and search and
rescue.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UASs proposed by the petitioner are the DJI S900, DJI Inspire 1, and Phantom 2 Vision.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, HighGround Images, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, HighGround Images, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S900, DJI
         Inspire 1, and Phantom 2 Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                  9

Project Officer: _______________

MS WHITNEY M JOHNSON
MANAGING MEMBER
HIGHGROUND IMAGES LLC
310 E PORT AU PRINCE LN
PHOENIX AZ 85022
April 22, 2015


U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington DC 20590


Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform
Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from: 14 CFR
61.113(a) and (b); 91.103; 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b).


Dear Sir or Madam:


Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the "Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, HighGround Images, LLC, an
operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") for aerial image
acquisition including but not limited to, the following industries: motion
picture and television, real estate, short range inspection, mapping &
survey, agriculture, search & rescue, hereby applies for an exemption from
the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of
its sUASs.


HighGround Images, LLC's requested exemption would permit the
operation of sUAS under controlled and secure conditions that is: (i) limited,
(ii) predetermined, (iii) subject to controlled access, and (iv) provide greater
safety in connection with aircraft operations. As established by the
exemptions already granted by the FAA, approval of HighGround Images,
LLC's exemption would enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national
airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.


The name and address of the applicant is:


HighGround Images, LLC
Whitney M. Johnson
Phone: 480 335 9242
Email: whit@highgroundimages.com
Address: 310 E Port Au Prince Ln., Phoenix AZ 85022


!

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:


14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151(a)
14 CFR 91.405(a)
14 CFR 407(a)(1)
14 CFR 409(a)(2)
14 CFR 417(a) and (b)


                                                                                                               Page 1 of 6
sUASs operated by HighGround Images, LLC weigh less than 55 pounds,
including the payload (i.e. camera, lens, and gimbal). They operate at
speeds of no more than 50 knots, can hover, and can simultaneously move
vertically and horizontally. HighGround Images, LLC will only operate its
sUASs in line of sight and will operate only within the secure area described
in the FOPM. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."


Given the small size of HighGround Images, LLC's sUASs and the
restricted secure environment within which they will operate, HighGround
Images, LLC's sUAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety
requirements. Additionally, due to the size of the sUASs, permission from
relevant property owners or other applicable parties, and the limited areas
in which they will operate, approval of this application presents no national
security issues. Based on the substantial level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit (enhanced safety),
reduction in environmental impacts (reduced emissions and noise), the
grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest. Accordingly,
HighGround Images, LLC respectfully requests that the FAA grant the
requested exemption.


Aircraft And Equivalent Level Of Safety


The operating limitations proposed by HighGround Images, LLC provide for
at least an equivalent or higher level of safety because operations further
enhance safety of aerial image collection using conventional aircraft.


The limitations and conditions include:


  · The sUASs will weigh less than 55 pounds. Frequently far less.


  · Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer. 


  · Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be no more than 30
       minutes. Flights will be terminated at no less than 25% battery power
       reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit. 


  · Flights will be operated at an altitude below 400 feet AGL, and not
       more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is
       planned. 


  · Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, the
       Visual Observer, and the Camera Operator. 


  · A sUAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a sport pilot's
       certificate, and third class medical or valid US or Canadian drivers
       license. 


  · A sUAS pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).


  · The sUAS will only operate within a confined secure area as defined
       in the FOPM. 


                                                                                                               Page 2 of 6
  · A briefing will be conducted for planned sUAS operations prior to each
       day's flight. All personnel performing duties within the boundaries of
       the safety perimeter are required to attend. 


  · The operator will obtain consent of all persons involved in the filming
       and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 500
       feet of the flight operation.


  · The Pilot and observer must be trained in sUAS operations and have
       received current information on the particular sUAS to be operated as
       required by the FOPM. 


  · The Observer and pilot will be able to communicate by voice and/or
       text at all times. 


  · Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will
       be obtained prior to flight operations. 


  · All appropriate permissions and permits will be obtained from
       territorial, state, county, or city jurisdictions, including local law
       enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies. 


  · If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the sUAS
       will have the capability to return to a pre-determined location within the
       secure perimeter and land. 


  · The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of
       unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) and (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations:

Pilot in Command 
       Sections 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial
       operations. Because the sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the
       proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of
       current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a
       private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to
       operate a sUAS. Unlike a conventional manned aircraft, a sUAS is
       remotely controlled by a ground-based operator. The operational area
       is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated
       in advance. The level of safety exceeds that provided by a single
       individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a
       conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the use of a sUAS are
       so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
       operations contemplated by Part 61 allowing sUAS use by a sport pilot
       as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety sought by 14 C.F.R.
       §61.113 (a) and (b).

!

14 C.F.R. § 91.103:

Preflight Action 
       Section 91.103 requires each pilot to preflight an aircraft before flight

                                                                                                               Page 3 of 6
       to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals
       will not be used, an exemption is requested. However, an equivalent
       level of safety will be provided. The PIC will take all actions, including
       reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff
       distances, and aircraft performance data before commencement of
       flight.


14 C.F.R. §91.119(c): Minimum Safe Altitudes


Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.
Section 91.119 provides, in pertinent part, that: "except when necessary for
takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following
altitudes: .....


(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle, or structure."


Because HighGround Images, LLC requests authority to operate at
altitudes no higher than 400 AGL, and not more than 200 above an
elevated platform from which filming is planned, an exemption is needed to
allow such operations. Except for the limited conditions stated in the FOPM,
the sUAS will never operate higher than 400 AGL. It will, however, be
operated in a restricted area within a security perimeter, where buildings
and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained
consent.


The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and
speed of the sUAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will
be taken without the permission of property owners or local officials.
Because of the advance notice to the property owners and participants in
the filming activity, all affected individuals will be informed of the planned
flight operations. Compared to flight operations for manned aircraft and the
lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with the proposed sUAS
operations is far less than conventional aircraft operating at or below 500
AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure
separation between a sUAS and conventional aircraft.


!

14 C.F.R. §91.121: Altimeter Settings


Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of
the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure." As a sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a
GPS altitude data, an exemption is needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the FOPM and Safety Check
list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude
indicator before flight.


!

14 C.F.R. §91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions


                                                                                                               Page 4 of 6
Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an
airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly
after that for at least 30 minutes . . . ."


The typical battery powering the HighGround Images, LLC sUASs provides
less than 30 minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30-minute reserve
requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flight would not be possible. Given
the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area and its proposed
operations within a predetermined location, a longer time frame for flight in
daylight VFR conditions is reasonable. Furthermore, operating the sUASs in
a tightly controlled area where only people, property owners, or official
representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, less than 30
minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risk that §91.151(a)
was intended to address.


HighGround Images, LLC believes that safety can be achieved by limiting
flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery power, whichever occurs first. This
restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its pre-
determined landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.


!

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance
Inspections


These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner shall "have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.


Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to HighGround
Images, LLC operations. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUASs are
limited in size, will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted
areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS can
land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL.
As provided in the FOPM, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in
working order prior to flight, perform any required maintenance, and keep a
log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person
most familiar with the sUAS and best suited to maintain it in an airworthy
condition.


Summary for Publication


Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for
publication in the Federal Register, should it be determined that publication
is needed:


HighGround Images, LLC seeks an exemption from the following rules:


14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 91.103; 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) to operate

                                                                                                               Page 5 of 6
commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 pounds or less) in commercial
image acquisition operations.


As established by the sUAS exemptions already granted by the FAA,
allowing commercial operations of sUASs in agriculture, real estate,
inspection, S & R, and film industries will enhance safety by reducing risk.
Conventional survey, agricultural, mapping, inspection, and film operations,
using turbine aircraft, operate at low altitudes and present the risks
associated with aircraft that weigh around 4,000 pounds, and which carry
large amounts of Jet A fuel. Such aircraft must also fly to and from the
target location. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 pounds and
powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the small size
and lack of combustible fuel. The sUAS is carried, and not flown, to target
site. In this regard, the sUAS carries no passengers or crew and, therefore,
will not expose them to the risks associated with manned flights.


The operation of sUASs conducted in the strict conditions outlined in the
FOPM will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemption requested herein. The sUASs operate at slow speeds, close to
the ground, and in a secure environment. As a result, they are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters flying near the
ground and people.


Privacy


All flights will occur over private or controlled access areas with the property
owner's prior consent and knowledge. Recognizable images will only be
recorded of people who have given their consent or otherwise have agreed
to be in the area where active image acquisition will take place.


Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012
(size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and
populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national
security) provide more than adequate justification to grant HighGround
Images, LLC's requested exemption, allowing for HighGround Images,
LLC's sUAS commercial operations for the listed industries pursuant to the
included FOPM.


If you have any questions or need any additional information, please
contact the undersigned by phone at 480 335 9242 or via email at
whit@highgroundimages.com.


!

Sincerely,


!
!

Whitney M. Johnson
Managing Member
HighGround Images, LLC

                                                                                                               Page 6 of 6
