May 5, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11461
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0270

Mr. Craig Van Camp
President
High Adventure Air, Inc.
8735 Mills Macon Highway
Tecumseh, MI 49286

Dear Mr. Van Camp:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 30, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of High Adventure Air, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial acquisitions, research, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. However, the FAA
received one comment made to the docket.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, High Adventure Air, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, High Adventure Air, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                             FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                            WASHINGTON, DC

                               Regulatory Docket No. _

                          PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                             HIGH ADVENTURE AIR, INC.

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS
        OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

    SECTIONS 45.23, 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a),
                                 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1)

& (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION
         OF THE DJI INSPIRE 1 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM
                          PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW
                                            112-95)

                                                              Submitted on January 30, 2015

                                                              Craig Van Camp (president)
                                                              High Adventure Air,Inc
                                                             8735 mills macon hwy
                                                             Tecumseh,MI 49286
                                                             517-605-3129
                                                               cvancamp@me.com
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                          Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS .................................................................................3
SUMMARY .........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER..................................................4
BACKGROUND .................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION.......................................................................................................5

    NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER .................................................................7
    THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH HAAI, INC. SEEKS
    EXEMPTION.................................................................................................................8
    THE EXTENT OF RELIEF HAAI, INC. SEEKS AND THE REASON HAAI, INC.
    SEEKS THE RELIEF ..................................................................................................11
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING HAAI, INC.'S REQUEST FOR EXEMPTION
    WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST................................................................14
    THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
    ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY ..............................................................................19
    SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER ..........33
    ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE
    TO SUPPORT HAAI, INC.'S REQUEST ...................................................................33
CONCLUSION .................................................................................................................33

                                                         2
AGL                 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC          Above Ground Level
ATO          Area of Interest
C.F.R.       Air Traffic Control
COA          Air Traffic Organization
FAA          Code of Federal Regulations
FAR          Certificate of Authorization
GCS          Federal Aviation Administration
GPS          Federal Aviation Regulations
LOL          Ground Control Station
NAS          Global Positioning System
NOTAM        Loss of Link
PIC          National Airspace System
RTH          Notice to Airman
Section 333  Pilot In Command
SOP          Return To Home
UA           FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UAS          Standard Operating Procedures
VFR          Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS         Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC          Visual Flight Rules
VO           Visual Line of Site
VTOL         Visual Meteorological Conditions
             Visual Observer
             Vertical Takeoff and Landing

             3
                                                    SUMMARY
         High Adventure Air, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
45.23,61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b),
to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit High Adventure
Air, Inc. to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions , research and inspections over certain rural areas of the United
States.

                  INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         High Adventure Air, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "HAAI") was founded in 1984 by
CEO Craig Van Camp, a U.S. Army veteran (ret), HAAI is a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned
Small Business supplying aircraft and maintenance to aviation community, and focused on
bringing aviation technological advancements of UAS into the foreground of agriculture and
inspections. This innovative approach to data collection will ultimately enable multiple
industries to have a faster, safer, and more efficient way to do business.
         HAAI offers comprehensive solutions to develop data, with precision and speed,
concerning precision agriculture, land management, infrastructure, and architecture. HAAI is
fully compliant with government regulations and industry protocols. HAAI firmly believes in
combining innovation, quality and safety into all of its operations, in order to best aid its clients
and the communities it serves.
         As set forth in this Petition, HAAI seeks to commercially operate its DJI Inspire 1UAS
over certain rural areas of the United States for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions
and research, videography, gathering of agricultural data, natural resources, conservation,

                                                         4
construction ,infrastructure management and inspections ,monitoring assessments, search and

rescue operations, and reconnaissance in support of disaster or emergency situations.
                                                   BACKGROUND

                 Unmanned Aircraft System: DJI Inspire 1 UAS

HAAI seeks an exemption to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS for compensation or hire

within the NAS. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS is comprised of a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL)

Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and a transportable Ground Control Station (GCS). The DJI Inspire

1 UA has a maximum gross weight of approximately 6.7 pounds, while having a diameter of 26

inches, and maximum speed of 49 mph (approximately 42 knots). The DJI Inspire 1 UA is

equipped with four propellers, each being driven by a Lithium Polymer battery powered

electric motor.

                 BASIS FOR
                 PETITION

Petitioner, HAAI, Inc., by and through undersigned counsel, pursuant to the provisions of

the Federal Aviation Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform

Act of 2012, Section 333, entitled Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby

petitions the Administrator to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in the National Airspace System

(NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 45.23,61.113(a) & (b),

91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)

                 5
   In consideration of the size, weight and speed, as well as the limited area of intended operation
associated with the unmanned aircraft, HAAI's use of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the
conditions of the FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

          Accordingly, HAAI requests relief from Sections 45.23,91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
          91.409(a)(1)
 & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only
 apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
          HAAI submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will
 be ensured. HAAI will use FAA qualified technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or
 preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in
 the manufacturer's user/safety guidelines manual. Furthermore, HAAI will document and
 maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
          Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
 privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by HAAI to the extent necessary to
 allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private or higher level pilot certificate, and an airman
 medical certificate, and who has completed the DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency
 requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire. HAAI
 submits that the conditions and limitations set forth herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as
 well as the safety of persons and property on the ground.
          HAAI seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because
 the DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, HAAI submits that it will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1UAS
 is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in

                                                          6
compliance with its type design pursuant to the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, and that the aircraft
is in a condition for safe flight.

         HAAI also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Inspire 1 UA will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard.
However, altitude information of the DJI Inspire 1 UA will be provided to the PIC via Global
Positioning System (GPS) equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which
downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude
information, combined with HAAI's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UA within visual line of
sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

         Additionally, HAAI seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.171(b),
entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. HAAI submits that safety will not be
affected by operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours under visual flight rules
(VFR) and visual meteorological conditions (VMC), with enough battery power to fly for a total
duration of 17 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, HAAI provides the following information in
support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.

         The name and address of the Petitioner is:
                 High Adventure Air, Inc.
                  8735 Mills Macon Hwy
                  Tecumseh, MI. 49286

                                                         7
      The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

                  Craig Van Camp (president)
                  High Adventure Air,Inc
                  8735 mills macon hwy
                  Tecumseh,MI 49286
                  517-605-3129 ,cvancamp@me.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which HAAI Seeks
         Exemption.

         1. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                  Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
         (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
         hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
         connection with any business or employment if--

         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
         that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

         (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
         (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100
         nautical miles of the aircraft;

                                                         8
         (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section,
         the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

         (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure
         airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

         4. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.171(b).

         Section 91.171, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),

states the following:

         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
         wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
         intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
         minutes.

         5. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of

         Section 91.405(a). Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required,

         subsection (a), states the following: Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
         between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
         discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         6. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
                  91.407(a)(1).

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
         maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

         (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
         chapter[.]

         7. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                  Sections 91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

                                                         9
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
         approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part
         21 of this chapter.

         8. HAAI Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of
                  Sections 91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
         owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph
         (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
         100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
         for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance
         of an aircraft. The records must include--

         (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
         performed; and

         (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

         (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
         to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

         (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

         (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
         appliance.

         (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
         to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

         (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
         inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances
         are maintained.

                                                         10
         (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
         including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
         revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
         when the next action is required.

         (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
         to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
         work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
         chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI Seeks The
         Relief.

         1. Extent of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI
                  Seeks Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:

Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private or higher

level pilot certificate, a current and valid airman medical certificate, and who has completed the

DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight

operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state

that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any

business or employment if - (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                                                         11
         As set forth more fully below, HAAI submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has
demonstrated, through the DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is
able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as
well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Further, HAAI submits that all flights of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS conducted by the PIC
pursuant to the grant of this Petition - (1) will be incidental to HAAI's business; and
(2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Extent of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI
                  Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow HAAI to determine that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition
prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the DJI Inspire 1 User
Manual, and that the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight.

         HAAI seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, prior to
every flight, HAAI will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition based
upon a visual inspection, in order to determine that the UA and its components are in compliance
with its type design and operating documents (i.e., the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, GCS User
Manual, and DJI Inspire 1 System safety guideline Manual), and that the aircraft can be operated
safely pursuant to the conditions and limitations stated herein.

                                                         12
3. Extent of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI
         Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight

operations of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which utilizes a barometric pressure sensor, GPS

equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information

from the UA to the PIC at the GCS. HAAI seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire 1

UA does not utilize a typical barometric altimeter onboard that may be set as contemplated by

Section 91.121. As more fully set forth below, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained

since the DJI Inspire 1 UA is equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment,

which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to

each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of

the GCS.     Extent Of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI
         4.  Seeks Relief From Section 91.171(b).

Relief from Section 91.171(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is

requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAS

during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules

(VFR), for a total duration of 17 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming

normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes. HAAI seeks the requested relief

because without an exemption from Section 91.171(b), the flight time duration of the battery

powered DJI Inspire 1 UAS will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and

research flight operations that HAAI proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

             13
         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS,
the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, and HAAI's proposed operating limitations, ensure that HAAI

will safely operate the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours under VFR, with

enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 17 minutes to the first point of intended

landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes.
         5. Extent Of Relief HAAI Seeks And The Reason HAAI
                  Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a),
                  91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And
                  91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only

apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, HAAI requests relief from these Sections

because the DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more

fully below, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 of the FMRA for

operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, HAAI will use FAA qualified

technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using
the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's maintenance manual.

Furthermore, HAAI will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1

UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting HAAI's Request For Exemption

         Would Be In The Public Interest; That Is, How It Would
         Benefit The Public As A Whole.

         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing HAAI to safely,

efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research over rural areas of the

United States, commercially, in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies,

wildlife monitoring, forestry operations, and the electric, oil and gas industries. Additionally, use

of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide

                                                         14
significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of HAAI's proposed operation of the
DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial
                  Acquisition And Research Performed.

         HAAI submits this Petition to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS and perform
aerial acquisition and research throughout rural areas of the United States, in support of
government entities, agriculture, infrastructure management assessments, search and rescue
operations, and reconnaissance operations during emergency situations. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS
will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial acquisition and research to further each of
these fields, all of which are critical to the well being of the general public.

         The specific operations that HAAI will perform with the DJI Inspire 1 UAS demonstrate
how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries and the
general public as a whole.
Agriculture

         In the field of agriculture, HAAI's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be used to
assess and increase crop yields, and allows for less use of pesticides and herbicides.
Specifically, HAAI's ability to use the DJI Inspire 1 UAS to perform photos of fields, crops, and
known land tracts. This ability to during all seasons, will provide invaluable data for land and
soil management, which is costly using conventional manned aircraft. The capability of the
DJI Inspire 1 UAS to utilize the high definition video camera packages, high definition
photography packages, will allow for detailed analysis and recording,
necessary to determine land erosion, perform flood mapping, and provide critical information
for land management.

                                                         15
         2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of
                  The NAS.

         The DJI Inspire 1 UA is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing
the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the
use of a DJI Inspire 1 UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce
noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the
ground.

         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI
Inspire 1 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
aircraft conducting aerial survey missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by
air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations.

                                                         16
           3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And
                    Efficiency Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

           Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, instead of manned aircraft,
will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and electric
motors, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally
conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that
are typically utilized for aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour
of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Inspire 1 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also reduces noise pollution, as the UA is propelled by battery powered electric
motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

           By using the DJI Inspire 1 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life
and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the
lack of flightcrew members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI Inspire 1 UA (weighing
approximately 6.7 pounds at its maximum gross weight with a diameter of 26 inches, and with no
fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground,
and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing
approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a
fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

                                                           17
         4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The
                  DJI Inspire 1 UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS will allow United States based companies, like HAAI, to remain competitive and
contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and
the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation
fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order
to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UAS is one such
technology that not only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned
aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned
aircraft.

         By operating the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, companies such as HAAI can remain competitive
and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which
will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of
U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, provides a stable workforce
that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows
companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the
United States and abroad.

         5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
         Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, HAAI's proposed operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will not implicate any privacy
issues. Specifically, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be operated only in rural areas, and in
accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude

                                                         18
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Most significantly, the DJI Inspire 1 UA will not be

operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly

involved in the operation.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely
         Affect Safety, Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level
         Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From
         Which HAAI Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Meets The
                  Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act
                  of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited geographical areas associated with

the unmanned aircraft and its proposed flight operations, HAAI's operation of the DJI Inspire 1

UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness

certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification

and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the

NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section

333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later
         than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation
         shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
         airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of
         this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
         subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) ) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
                  weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas,
                  and operation within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the
                  national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security; and
                  (2) ) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
                  airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code,
                  is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems identified under
                  paragraph (1).

                                                         19
         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
         certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system,
         the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
         in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, HAAI submits that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS can operate safely

in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the

DJI Inspire 1 UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating

limitations.

                  a. The Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS
                           Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

         The DJI Inspire 1 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or

otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational

capability.

                           i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS.

         The technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS are set forth in the DJI Inspire 1

User and safety Manual, attached hereto as attachment A. Attachment A contains proprietary
information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)1.

                           ii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Autonomous Flight
                                   And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To
                                   Remain Within A Defined Operational
                                   Area.

         The DJI Inspire 1 UAS may be operated in either the semi- autonomous or fully-

autonomous flight modes. In its basic configuration, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS autonomous flight

mode features include a GPS Position and Altitude Hold, and a Return To Home (RTH)

function. While utilizing the GPS Position and Altitude Hold feature, the UA will automatically

1 Attachments to this Petition contain proprietary information, and in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
§ 11.35(b), are not to be included in the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS).

                                                         20
hold its position, altitude and heading. The RTH function commands a direct route to the

original point of launch, where the UA will perform an autonomous landing.

A complete description of the GPS Position and Hold function of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS

is provided in the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual, attached hereto as Attachment A. Attachment A

contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §

11.35(b).

                  iii. The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Is Designed For
                        Automatic Return To Home Or Auto-Land In The
                        Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or
                        Navigation.

According to the manufacturer of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, in the unlikely event of a low

battery condition or loss of the control link, the UA will automatically land or return to the point

of launch. An altitude threshold can also be programmed, so that the UA will not exceed a

preset altitude.

Through the GCS, the PIC may select whether the UA will return to the point of launch

or automatically land in the unlikely event of the loss of the control link. If the automatic

landing feature is selected, the UA will begin a slow, safe, automatic descent to landing if the

control link is lost. Through feedback via on-board inertia sensors, the UA motors are turned off

and the rotors stop spinning, when the UA touches down upon landing.

Upon a loss of the control link, if the return to point of launch is selected, the UA will

begin to return to the point of launch, in a direct line. Once the UA returns to the point of

launch, it will hover to begin the manual landing process, or, if the control link has not been

reestablished, the UA will automatically land. If the control link is reestablished during a loss of

control link situation, the PIC may begin to manually control the UA.

                  21
         Additionally, the PIC will receive visual alerts at the GCS in the event of degradation of
the GPS signal or control link. If less than six GPS satellites are within range of the DJI Inspire
1 UAS, the PIC will receive a visual "Low GPS Warning", which will also disable the GPS
Position and Hold feature, as well as the RTH feature.
Likewise, the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will provide a visual warning to the PIC at the GCS if the
control link is lost, while the UA enters failsafe mode and either begins to return to the point of
launch, or automatically lands, depending upon the PIC's previous settings. Once the control
link is reestablished, the PIC will be notified through visual alerts at the GCS.

         A description of the fail-safe systems of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is attached hereto as
Attachment A. Attachment A contains proprietary information and is to be held in a separate
file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                           iv. The DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS
GCS and flight control software is provided in the DJI Inspire 1 GCS User Manual. A copy of
the DJI Inspire 1 GCS User Manual, which contains proprietary information, is attached hereto
as Attachment A, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).

                  b. Flight Operations Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Are
                           Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A Certificated
                           Pilot in Command With
                           A Safety Observer.

         HAAI will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a valid and current airman
medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS. Additionally, a
safety observer will assist all pilots.

                                                         22
                  c. Flights Of The DJI Inspire 1 UAS Will Be
                           Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
                           Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, HAAI proposes to commercially operate the DJI Inspire 1

UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over rural areas of United States,

pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

         1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operator's manual which is a quad rotor aircraft weighing less than 6.7
         pounds: DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

         2) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

         3) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes
         reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

         5) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
         VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
         PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated
         before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

         6) The operator's manual and this grant of exemption must be maintained and made
         available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
         conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's
         manual, the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.
         The operator may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's responsibility
         to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
         upon request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it
         petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator determines that any update or
         revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
         operator must petition for amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration
         Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the
         operator's manual.

         7) Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
         flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
         aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed

                                                         23
and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component), must undergo a
functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the
functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be
added to the operator's manual.

9) The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection sections
of the operator's manual.

10) The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements, with particular attention to
flight critical components that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.

11) HAAI must carry out their maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements in accordance with the operator's manual. Maintenance, inspection, and
alterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours, description
of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized UAS technician or PIC
returning the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer System
and Safety Bulletins.

13) HAAI maintenance personnel must make a record entry in the UAS logbook or
equivalent document of the corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered
between inspections.

14) The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman
medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15) The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has demonstrated,
through the training and currency requirements set forth in the operator's manual, that the
PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                                24
16) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

17) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land, or be
recovered in accordance with the operator's manual.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operator's manual.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions and assuming normal cruising speed) there is enough power
to fly to the first point of intended landing prior to utilizing battery reserve power.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request issuance of a Notice to
Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to
the operation.

25) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

26) The documents required pursuant to 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
official upon request.

27) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

                                                25
         28) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas. These areas
         include but are not limited to the yellow areas depicted on World Aeronautical Charts
         (WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or Terminal Area Charts (TAC).
         However, aeronautical charts may not reflect pertinent local information. Ultimately, it
         is the PIC's responsibility to maintain the minimum safe altitudes required by § 91.119.

         29) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
         persons (persons other than the PIC or VO), vessels, vehicles, and structures
         unless:

             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
                  from debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
                  nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
                  nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA,
                  flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

             b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
                  owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
                  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and;

             c. operations near the PIC or VO do not present an undue hazard to the PIC or
                  VO, per § 91.119(a).

         30) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
         land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained prior to the beginning
         of every flight.

         31)Safe Mobile Operation Of The DJI Inspirer 1 UAS.

         The DJI Inspire 1 UAS may be safely operated by a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) and safety

observer co-located with a GCS on a mobile vehicle or watercraft, in order to efficiently perform

aerial acquisition operations of large areas. additional limitations and requirements apply to

mobile operations of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, including the following:

         The driver/operator of the mobile vehicle must be licensed and fully understand his/her
         role in the operation.

         The mobile vehicle is a custom built 3 seat vehicle with a dedicated driver, observer,
         PIC. The PIC seat is elevated on the vehicle for better line of sight with no obstructions
         of the UAS and is equipped with internal communications for all three positions

         Equipment and personnel positioning within the vehicle is predetermined upon by the
         team. Each team member must use appropriate safety restraint equipment, and such
         equipment should not interfere with safe flight.

         The PIC must have ready communication with the driver/operator of the mobile vehicle,
                                                         26
       as well as the safety observer. If 3 way communications is lost the operation will be
       terminated.
       GCS software must be configured for constant updating of GCS position on the map
       overlay, and the PIC must be kept aware of mobile vehicle position. The GCS must be
       mounted or fixed to the mobile vehicle to ensure that no excess movement will shift the
       GCS during operations.
       The route of the mobile vehicle must be determined prior to operation. The PIC must
       ensure that no part of the route will obscure the safety observer's view or cause any
       physical obstacles or obstructions to any member of the flight team.
       The Area of Interest (AOI) must be large enough to warrant mobile operations, and the
       UA cannot be allowed to exit the AOI under any circumstance. The only change to the
       standard operating procedures (SOP's) with mobile operations must be an update of the
       LOL (Loss of Link) site. Mobile operations are only permitted if suitable LOL sites
       within 500 ft. of the PIC at all times. The entire AOI must also meet the "sterile
       environment" of a static site of operation, otherwise mobile operations are prohibited.
32)Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries
  of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS
        Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National

         Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
                                                                                                 www.ntsb.gov.

                                                       27
         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of
                  Section 61.113(a) And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect
                  Safety.

         HAAI submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and
(b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless
that PIC has demonstrated, through the DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency requirements,
that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent with this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering HAAI's proposed area of operations, and the operating limitations set forth-
above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills necessary
to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, HAAI submits that the additional manned airmanship
experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for HAAI's specific proposed flight operations.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b)
specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138).

         As in Exemption No. 11109, HAAI will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Inspire 1
UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated through the DJI Inspire 1 UAS training and currency
requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a manner consistent
with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

                                                         28
          3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of
                   Section 91.7(a) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because
 prior to every flight, HAAI will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in an airworthy condition
 based upon the aircraft's conformity to its type design, including compliance with its operating
 documents (i.e., the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual and the DJI Inspire 1 System User/safety Manual,
 and that the UAS is in a condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations
 contained herein.

          Notably, the similar DJI Phantom 2 UAS was the subject of a previous Grant of
 Exemption from Section 91.7(a) (Exemption No. 11153). Additionally, the FAA has previously
 granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material
 respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
 11067, 11080,
11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138).

          4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of
                   Section 91.121 Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

          The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
 the altitude information of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be provided to the PIC via GPS
 equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UAS to
 the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude information,
 combined with HAAI's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS within visual line of sight, at or
 below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude
 information will be generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each
 flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UAS.

          The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
                                                          29
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements
                  Of Section 91.171(b) Would Not Adversely
                  Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14

C.F.R. Section 91.171(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS;
(2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the proposed flight
operations. Accordingly, HAAI will ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered DJI
Inspire 1 UA during daylight hours in VMC conditions, under VFR, with enough battery power
to fly for a total duration of 17 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least five minutes.

         Similar to the FAA's Grant of Exemption No. 11109, HAAI hereby submits that the
technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight
operations; and the location of the proposed operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety
established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.171(b). Furthermore, an equivalent level of safety will be
ensured as the DJI Inspire 1 UAS provides visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UA
battery power is low.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.171
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at
less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.171, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and
10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.171 specific to UAS,
in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,

                                                         30
11136, 11138).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of
                  Sections
                  91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And
                  91.417(a) & (b) Would Not
                  Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, HAAI submits that an equivalent level of safety with regard

to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),

91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because HAAI will use

FAA qualified technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on
the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's

user/safety manual. Furthermore, HAAI will document and maintain all maintenance records

for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS.
         Since the DJI Inspire 1 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer's

user/safety manual, HAAI will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections

91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The DJI Inspire 1 System user/safety Manual sets

forth suggested requirements for the UA, including preflight inspections, as well as scheduled

maintenance after every 50 flight hours.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because HAAI will use
FAA qualified technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the
UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer's user/safety

manual. The DJI Inspire 1 System user/saftey Manual procedures for inspection, firmware

upgrades, motor testing, and motor replacement.

         A complete description of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS maintenance requirements is set forth
in the DJI Inspire 1System usre/safety Manual, attached hereto as Attatchment A contains

proprietary information and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b).
                                                         31
         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS will be performed by FAA qualified technicians, which will document and
maintain maintenance records for the UAS.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning the DJI Inspire 1UAS
and Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered.

         In consideration of HAAI's proposed operating limitations, the DJI Inspire 1 User
Manual, and the technical aspects of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, HAAI submits that safety will not
be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1)
and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief specific
to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138).

         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe
                  Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, HAAI requests that the FAA
prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                         32
Such special conditions will permit HAAI's safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of
conducting aerial acquisitions over certain rural areas of the United States for compensation or
hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and
further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in
accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in
the NAS.

         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14
C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or
unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the
following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
         he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special
         conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety
         standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to
         establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may
prescribe special conditions for HAAI's intended operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, which
contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety
equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)
& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and

91.417(a) & (b).

                                                         33
F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal
         Register, stating: The Rules From Which HAAI
         Seeks Exemption:

         HAAI, Inc. seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 45.23
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
         (a)(2), and 91.417(a)
         & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption HAAI Seeks:

         This exemption will permit HAAI, Inc. to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
         System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions , research and inspections
         over certain rural areas of the United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments
         Available To Support HAAI's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS
may operate safely in the NAS. As such, HAAI's request for exemption may be granted

pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create

a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and

further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.

         As discussed in detail above, HAAI will operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS safely in the

NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to

national security.

                                                CONCLUSION

         As set forth herein, HAAI seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and Section

333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe

operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the

limited purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over certain rural areas of the United States
                                                         34
for compensation or hire. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the

Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also

advancing the interests of the public, by allowing HAAI to safely, efficiently, and economically

operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially within the NAS.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA

Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, HAAI respectfully requests that the

Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections

45.23, 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.171(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &

(a)(2), and

91.417(a) & (b), and permit HAAI to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS commercially for the

purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions , research and inspections over certain rural areas of

the United States.

Dated: January 30, 2015

                             Respectfully submitted,

                             Craig Van Camp (president)
                              High Adventure Air,Inc
                             8735 mills macon hwy
                             Tecumseh,MI 49286
                             517-605-3129
                             cvancamp@me.com

                         35
36
