August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12565
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2394

Mr. Jason Spradley
High Above SBC
6024 Summerville Lane
Bossier City, LA 71111

Dear Mr. Spradley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of High Above SBC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, marketing, and surveys.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3 and Yuneec Q500.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
                                                                                           2

finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing

requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, High Above SBC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, High Above SBC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3 and
         Yuneec Q500 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 5/29/2015

Jason Spradley
High Above SBC
6024 Summerville Ln
Bossier City, LA 71111

(512) 221-7360

 r...."Svll -.~.'J-·cd _, ricoh-usa.con1

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

To Whom It May Concern:

I, Jason Spradley, am writing to request exemption from the following
sections of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations§§ in accordance with the
FAA's Guidelines for Submitting a Petition for Exemption under
section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012.

91.119(c), .91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a)&(b).

I am requesting this exemption in order to operate small unmanned aircraft
systems (sUAS) commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for the purposes of aerial photography/ video, real
estate marketing and surveys, and other flight requests that could be
performed safely and more cost effectively with the use of sUAS at low
altitude (below 200 feet) within the U.S. national airspace system as
compared to a manned aircraft. Such requests will only be performed with
the authorization and permission of clients or authorized agents of such
clients. No persons will be included in any photo/video without their
      expressed written permission, which will be kept on file for audit at any
      time by the FAA.

      The following reasons for exemption of the above mentioned Federal
      Aviation Regulations (FAR) are being requested by myself, Jason Spradley.

      > 91.119(c) As determined in the Exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau)

         - operations conducted closer than 500 feet to the ground may
         require that the UAS be operated closer than soo feet to essential
         persons or objects that would not be possible without additional
         relief. The petitioner requests modification or exemption and
         clarification concerning the terms congested areas and densely
         populated. I am requesting a waiver for this condition to allow
         responsible operation with extreme safety in areas with housing and

         possible other structures.

      > 91.121 As determined in exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau) - is

         nonapplicable since the the sUAS does not use an altimeter but does
         utilize electronic GPS with a barometric sensor for altitude hold and
         information.

      );> 91.151(a) As discussed in exemption 11136 (Advanced Aviation

      Solutions LLC) - prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to

      operate at less than the prescribed minimums, including exemption

      numbers 2689, 10650, and 5745· Additionally, similar UAS specific

      relief has been granted in exemption numbers 10673, 8811, and

      10808 for daytime visual field of reference conditions (VFR). The

      UAS provides battery power measurement to the radio controller held

      by the person in control (PIC). The UA batteries allow for

      apporoximately 20 minutes of flight. I have attached information on

      UASs that describe in more detail the specifics around battery

      management. They contain process and procedures for the PIC when

      battery reaches a certain level. Understanding the limitations on

      proposed operations and location of said operations, the FAA found

~ that reduced minimum power reserve for flight in daytime VFR
V~l conditions was reasonable.
0
~
      );> 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), 91.417(a) & (b)
¥..c     As discussed in exemption 11138 (Douglas Trudeau) - I, Jason

·
     Spradley, will personally inspect and ensure that each UAS is in top
     condition for safe flight in accordance with all documents pertaining
     to safe operation. The FAA found that adherence to the petitioners
     operating documents and the conditions and limitations specified,
     describing the requirements for maintenance and record keeping and

     inspection were sufficient to ensure that safety would not be adversely

     affected.

     Description ofUAS to be Operated under this Exemption

     The DJI Phantom 3 professional and the Yuneec Qsoo are both
     manufactured by highly successful and safety oriented companies. Both
     UASs fly under 25 pounds and carry high definition cameras. The
     advertised maximum speed is less than 15 miles per hour and is powered by
     four electric motors with a distance ofless than 18 inches. They both
     utililize gps and compass orientation for stable flight and the ability to
     knowtheir position at all times. The gps on both UASs also do not allow for
     motors to be initialized within a designated No Fly Zone. Real time video
     that includes telemetry is visible by the PIC at all times. The PIC can
     measure battery level, GPS strength, altitude, distance from PIC, along with
     image from camera at all times. Both units have fail safe modes of
     operation for low battery, loss of gps or loss of signal. In these situations,
     the UAS will return to the point of takeoff and motors will automatically
     disengage. Each UAS can be programmed to limit their altitude and
     distance from PIC before flight. Both units are also limited to
     approximately 20 minutes per battery. Both units also have visible LED
     indicators that let the PIC know of any situation that the PIC might
     determine requires the UAS to return home. Most flights last less than 10
     minutes and more information is available in the attachments that I have
     included with this application for exemption.

uro  Acknowledgment ofFAA Safety Regulations and Guidelines

Vl

Q)   I, Jason Spradley, have reviewed and retained a copy of all FAA regulations

>

0
..0

<(   including those regulations and guidelines based on the premise of safety. I

_c
rn
I find all regulations to be reasonable and I will not only meet, but do my
      best to exceed all safety regulations as set forth by the FAA. My main focus
      is safety and protection of all persons and property that myself or my UAS
      comes in contact with. I have enclosed documents that include a preflight
      and postflight checklist, but I also have an additional checklist that I use
      before, during and after each flight. All moving parts of the UAS are
      inspected to ensure safety.

      Request for Close Proximity Flight
      I, Jason Spradley, am also requesting to be allowed to operate within 5
      miles of an airport similar to reference number 1, providing that

      "The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written
      approvalfrom the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles
      ofthe geographic center ofa non towered airport as denoted on a current
      FAA published aeronautical chart unless a letter ofagreement with that
      airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
      accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter
      ofagreement with the airport management must be made available to the
      Administrator upon request."

      I have permission of the airport administrator or designated official. I will
      have written permission and a documented flight plan for each flight used
      in this manner. The before mentioned written permission and flight plan
      will be kept on file for audit at any time for the FAA. Flight within 5 miles of
      an airport is rare, but in the area I plan to operate, there are several small
      airports that allow UAS flight within 5 miles with permission as noted
      above.

      Other Interests

      I feel that this exemption will allow me not only the ability to gain

      financially for use at the request of different companies, but it will also

u     allow me to help educate the public on the safe use of a UAS under proper

CD

lfl

Q)    legal guidelines and safety. I feel that this exemption will also allow me to

>
0
.D
<(    perform tasks that not only could not be performed from the ground, but

...c
en
      would also allow me to perform tasks that would normally put persons at
I

·
      risk to obtain the same information. Many of the structures I would be
      filming would be hazardous for an individual to access. The use of a UAS
      allows for safe visual inspection of not only property, but buildings and
      other structures as well.
      I can also use the UAS to participate in air shows and displays for no charge
      to show the many uses of this type of aircraft when performed under the

      proper legal guidelines. My services will also be offered to local

      organizations such as schools, fire departments, and police departments as
      long as such requests fall under the rules of the exemption that I am
      requesting along with all other FAA guidelines.
      Operations for this petition will also enhance the economic growth of the
      area in which my company resides.

      Summary
      I, Jason Spradley, am requesting this exemption for the purposes of aerial
      photography and video of, not only real estate, but possibly land
      observation, inspection of construction equipment, towers, and other flight
      operations as requested by clients. I am requesting this exemption for the
      reasons noted above and specifically intended these items to be broad
      based on my business plan to extend operations to different areas based on
      requests by clients. Each request will be analyzed by myself, Jason
      Spradley, to validate that these requests can be done in a safe manner and
      in compliance with all FAA regulations. I also plan to use my business and
      myself as a mentor for other small business owners to educate and to assist
      them in starting their own business in accordance with all FAA regulations
      and laws. I have seen several advertisements of people offering these
      services, as specified above, but I have refrained from pursuing
      opportunities for commercial use of my UAS until I can properly be
      authorized by the FAA.

      Personal Information

uco I am a member of the AMA, Member # 1071321. I have been flying RC
Vl

Q/    aircraft for over 2 years with no incidence and I am an avid builder of RC

>
0
..D
      models to include cars, helicopters, and UASs. I have a passion for the
<!

..c.
 en
I

·
         hobby and I have been waiting for the opportunity to possibly turn that
         hobby into a venture that would help support my family.

        Documents Attached
            1. DJI Phantom 3 Professional Safety Guidelines

           2. Yuneec Qsoo Owner's Manual

            3. Yuneec Q500 LED Indicators

        References
            1. FAA Exemption Number 11080, Regulatory Document Number FAA-
                2014-0355 in the matter of the petition of Flying Cam INC
            2. FAA Exemption Number 11136, Regulatory Document Number FAA-
                2014- 0508 in the matter of the petition of Advanced Aviation
                Solutions LLC
            3. FAA Exemption Number 11138, Regulatory Document Number FAA-
                2014-0481 in the matter of the petition of Douglas Trudeau

        Thank you for your consideration of my petition for this exemption. I look
        forward to hearing from you soon. Please do not hesitate to reach out to me
        with any questions or if any additional information is needed.

         Respectfully,

    uco

         l/)
            QJ

      >

        0
        ..0

     <!
     ..c

         01

    I

·
