June 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11846
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0505

Mr. William R. Turpin
Holder Construction Group, LLC
3333 Riverwood Parkway, Suite 400
Atlanta, GA 30339

Dear Mr. Turpin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated February 20 and May 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Holder Construction Group, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imaging and monitoring of construction
jobsites.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Holder Construction Group, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Holder Construction Group, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                  8

Project Officer: _______________

WILLIAM R TURPIN
HOLDER CONSTRUCTION GROUP LLC
3333 RIVERWOOD PKWY STE 400
ATLANTA GA 30339
                    
 

February 20, 2015 

U. S. Department of Transportation  

Docket Management System  

1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  

Washington, DC 20590  

 

 

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal  

Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.103(b); 91.119; 91.121;  

91.151(a); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).  

 

 

Dear Sir or Madam:  

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 
C.F.R. Part 11, Holder Construction Group, LLC ("Holder") hereby applies for an exemption from the 
Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed in Section I below to allow commercial operation of its Small 
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") for aerial imaging and safety and monitoring of Construction 
Jobsites so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as 
may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333 of the Reform Act. As detailed in this 
document and the attached Addendum, the requested exemption would permit the operation of sUAS 
under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited, 2) predetermined, 3) controlled as to access, 
and 4) would enhance quality, reduce environmental impacts, and provide safety enhancements to the 
already best practices safety protocols followed by Holder at each of its Construction Jobsites. Approval 
of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA 
Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft 
systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. 

 

 
The name and address of the applicant is:  

Holder Construction Group, LLC (Including Interest In Joint Ventures) 

William R. Turpin 

PH: 7709883248 

Email: bturpin@holder.com  

Address: 3333 Riverwood Parkway, Suite 400, Atlanta, GA 30339  

               

   I. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH THE EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED  

                         14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b)  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.103  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.119  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.121  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.407 (a) (1)  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.409 (a) (2)  
                         14 C.F.R. 91.417 (a) & (b)  

                              

   II. STATUATORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS  

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This statutory 
authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, including 
sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.  

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under 
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 4470244716 of this Title if the Administrator finds 
the exemption in the public interest.3 Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in 
determining whether sUASs may operate in the National Airspace System ("NAS") without creating a 
hazard to the user, the public, or a threat to national security. In making this determination, the 
Secretary must consider:  

               The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability  
               Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator 
               Whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from close 

                   proximity to airports 

         If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the 
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace 
system.  

         Holder's proposed sUASs are multirotor vehicles, weighing 15 or fewer lbs. including payload. 
They will operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 mph and have the capability 
to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate only in line of 
sight and will operate only within the sterile area described in the attached Exemption Request 
Addendum (hereinafter "the Addendum"). Such operations will ensure that the sUASs will "not create a 
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public.  

         Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the area within which they will operate, Holder's 
application falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress 
envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to commence. Also 
due to the small size of the sUASs and the low altitudes and limited areas in which Holder's sUASs will 
operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.  

         Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the 
Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed 
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and reduced environment 
impacts, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, Holder respectfully 
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay so an sUAS can be leveraged on 
several projects that are already in construction. 

   III. PUBLIC INTEREST 

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider 
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the 
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill 
Congress's intent of allowing sUASs to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk 
environments.  

         The use of sUASs can significantly promote safe and effective Construction Jobsite inspection 
and tracking. For example, the use of sUASs can reduce the risk to workers while inspecting, surveying, 
or monitoring installation of work that requires ladders, scaffolds or other potentially hazardous means 
of elevated access. sUASs can inspect, photograph, video and collect data on inaccessible areas that 
otherwise would require worker inspection, in addition to providing facility security and emergency 
response reconnaissance. sUASs can also provide high resolution aerial imagery, elevation 
measurement, mapping, and thermal imagery data. Reducing manned flight and human inspection of 
such sites through sUAS use for site imaging will reduce risk to workers and ground personnel and 
create an improved safety operating environment. Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in 
the event of an incident or accident. The sUAS Holder will be using carries no fuel, and therefore the risk 
of fire following an incident or accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated. 

         Additionally, sUASs could reduce the use of fixedwing aircraft to monitor sites. The sUASs 
Holder proposes to fly in this application weigh less than ten pounds, and carry no combustible material 
on board, as opposed to much larger conventionally powered aircraft that Holder currently uses to 
monitor its facilities. The limited weight significantly reduces the potential for harm to participating and 
nonparticipating individuals or property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard 
pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a sUAS on Construction 
Jobsites. Reducing the use of manned aircraft, or supplementing such flights through sUAS operations, 
presents the potential for a safety increase for Holder's workers and the public. Lastly, sUASs reduce the 
environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy used for aerial imaging and data collection 
over a Construction Jobsite. Operation of lightweight sUASs powered by rechargeable lithium ion 
batteries offers improved efficiencies as compared to the operation of other aircraft and vehicles that 
consume gasoline and present a significantly louder noise signature. The reduction of fixedwing aircraft 
to monitor Construction Jobsites also reduces the risk associated with human involvement and potential 
injury in aerial flyovers. 

   IV. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 

         Holder proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the 
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least 
an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure 
because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the already safe protocols 
followed at our Construction Jobsites and imaging and surveying operations conducted with other 
conventional aircraft. Holder will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS 
operations under this FAA issued exemption: 

         1. The sUAS will weigh less than 15 pounds.  
         2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of a pilot and/or observer. 
         3. The sUAS will operate during daylightonly times (official sunrise to official sunset, local 

              time. 
         4. The sUAS will yield rightofway to other aircraft at all times. 
         5. The sUAS will be registered with the FAA and will include appropriate markings and labels 

              on the body of the sUAS. 
         6. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. The UAS calculates 

              battery reserve in real time, and will return to its ground station with at least 20% battery 
              power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.  
         7. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.  
         8. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the trained sUAS Pilot who will keep the 
              sUAS within his visual line of sight (VLOS) at all times and one visual observer (VO). The VO 
              and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times. 
         9. The sUAS Pilot will be trained in flight, operations, and safety procedures as detailed in the 
              The Addendum. 
         10. sUAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC). 
         11. The sUAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in The Addendum to 
              limit the ability of the sUAS to leave the Construction Jobsite.  
         12. Notification of flight operations to personnel at the facility will be made through posted 
              signs and onsite Job Safety meetings.  
         13. Notification of flight operations to the operator of Holder's manned aerial patrol flights prior 
              to flight commencement.  
         14. The sUAS will not be operated at a distance from clouds less than 500' below or 2000' 
              horizontal, or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles.  
         15. Holder will notify the FAA's Air Traffic Organization (ATO) or local regulating authority of 
              proposed flight plans. If necessary, the operator will obtain a Certificate of Waiver or 
              Authorization (COA) from the FAA's Air Traffic Organization (ATO) prior to conducting any 
              operations. 
    16. Holder will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, 
         replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. 

    17. Pilot will have been trained in operation of the sUAS and receive uptodate information on 
         the particular sUAS to be operated should updates become available.  

    18. Operations will be limited to Holder Construction Jobsites (Including Joint Venture Projects) 
         at which third party access is controlled. A `Sterile Area' will be provided as described in the 
         Addendum.  

    19. Operations will be limited to Holder Construction Jobsites (Including Joint Venture Projects) 
         at which full Owner approval and authorization to leverage the sUAS has been granted. 

    20. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have the capability to 
         automatically and safely return to a preccoordinated, predetermined location within the 
         Security Perimeter and land with a predictable, automated flight maneuver.  

    21. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or 
         emergencies. The sUAS can host an onboard parachute that will be deployed in the event 
         of motor loss or emergency.  

    22. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UAS will comply with 
         the rules and regulations of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). 
          

V. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS 

        

    A. 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command  
          

    Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Holder proposes that 
    its sUAS PIC will have completed a minimum 2Day Training Program and at least 25Hours of 
    flight time in a safe and controlled environment prior to operating the sUAS on a Construction 
    Jobsite as outlined in The Addendum. The airmanship skills necessary to operate the sUAS do 
    not correlate significantly to the airmanship skills necessary for piloting manned aircraft and, 
    thus, exemption from the need for the PIC to hold a commercial pilot certificate is also 
    requested. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is 
    remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The areas of operation will be restricted to 
    Holder Construction Jobsites (Including Joint Venture Projects) at which third party access is 
    controlled, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in The Addendum. 
    The level of safety provided by the requirements included in The Addendum exceeds that 
    provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional 
    aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of 
    risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that 
    allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present 
    level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). In addition, the PIC will undergo all 
    necessary security screenings by the Department of Homeland Security that certificated airmen 
    undergo. 
     
    B. 14 C.F.R. §91.103: Preflight action 

           
This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to insure the 
safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the PIC will take separate 
preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight battery 
requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, etc. They are outlined in The Addendum. 
These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety. 
 
C. 14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes  

     
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows 
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating 
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This 
exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a helicopter, with vertical takeoff and 
vertical landing, which will operate at altitudes up to 400' AGL, so an exemption may be needed 
to allow such operations. As described in the Manual, the sUAS will never operate at altitude 
higher than 400' AGL and will be limited to the area with the security perimeter, where buildings 
and people will not be exposed to operations without their notification as described herein. The 
equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS as well as 
the location where it is operated. Flights will be over Holder properties at which third party 
access is controlled and Owner authorization is approved. Because of the advance notice to 
onsite personnel as outlined in The Addendum, all affected individuals will be aware of the 
planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far 
more than the maximum 15 lbs. proposed herein and flammable fuel, any risk associated with 
Holder's operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft. In 
addition, the lowaltitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these sUAS 
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119. 
Notification of flight operations will be provided to the operator of Holder's manned aerial 
patrol flights, which have a low altitude waiver allowing for flight below 500' AGL. 
 
D. 14 C.F.R. §91.121: Altimeter settings  

     
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by 
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport  
or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a 
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An 
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to The Addendum and 
Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator 
before flight.  
 
E. 14 C.F.R. §91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions  

     
Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. Holder's 
sUAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments as outlined in The 
Addendum, and has a limited range and flight time which require an exemption from 14 C.F.R. 
91.151(a).  
The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 35 minutes of powered flight. To meet 
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to 
approximately 5 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area and 
the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for 
flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.  
 
Holder believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior 
exemptions. Operating the sUAS, in a controlled area with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, 
does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the 
size and speed of the sUAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 5 minutes would greatly reduce 
the utility for which the exemption will be granted.  
 
An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes, or enough battery 
reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of battery power 
(as determined by the onboard monitoring system and PIC), whichever happens first. Because of 
the limited operating area under which sUAS flights will be conducted, this restriction will be 
more than adequate to ensure return of the sUAS to its planned landing zone.  
 
Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions  
2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.  
 
F. 14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance inspections  

     
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected 
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as 
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of 
this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.  
 
Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an Airworthiness  
Certificate, these sections will not apply to Holder. Maintenance will be accomplished  
by the operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in The 
Addendum. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUASs are very limited 
in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in authorized areas for limited periods of 
time. If mechanical issues arise the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no 
higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in The Addendum, the operator will ensure that the sUAS 
is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any 
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft 
and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level 
of safety.  
 

                                                     ******** 
                                                            

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the  
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:  
          
         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);  
         91.103(b); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409  
         ; (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (15 lbs. or less) 
         for aerial imaging and monitoring of Construction Jobsites.  
          
         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs to monitor, inspect and 
         improve quality on Construction Jobsites will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional 
         aerial monitoring by aircraft impacts the environment. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 
         15 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk and environmental impact 
         given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS will carry no 
         passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned 
         aircraft flights. Although Holder does not foresee completely replacing its manned flight 
         operations with sUASs at this time, Holder hopes, that overtime, sUASs may reduce or 
         supplement such manned programs.  
          
         The operation of sUASs, weighing less than 15 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined 
         above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions 
         requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and 
         allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the 
         ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are safer than conventional operations 
         conducted with fixedwing aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and people.  
          
         Privacy  
         All flights will occur over Holder Construction Jobsites (Including Joint Venture Projects) at which 
         third party access is controlled, Owner notification and approval is granted, and signs will be 
         posted notifying onsite personnel of the sUAS flyover.  
          

                                                               ******** 
          
         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight, 
         speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within 
         visual line of sight and national security  provide more than adequate justification for the grant 
         of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUASs on 
         Construction Jobsites pursuant to The Addendum appended hereto.  

 

         Sincerely, 

                                  

William R. Turpin 
Holder Construction Group, LLC 
