April 2, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11268
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0942

Mr. Jonathan B. Hill
Counsel for HUVRData, LLC
Cooley, LLC
1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW Suite 700
Washington, DC 20004

Dear Mr. Hill:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 7, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of HUVRData, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging for 1) wind farm survey; 2) solar farm survey; 3) inspection of
industrial infrastructure including electrical towers, flare stacks and pipelines; and 4)
precision agriculture.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an AscTec (Ascending Technologies) Falcon 8.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, HUVRData, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, HUVRData, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AscTec
         (Ascending Technologies) Falcon 8 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Jonathan B. Hill
T: +1 202 776 2725
jhill@cooley.com

November 7, 2014

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

         Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11
                   of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b); 91.119(c);
                   91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2);91.417(a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, HUVRData LLC, ("HUVRData") operator of Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct aerial photography for 1) wind farm survey; 2)
solar farm survey; and 3) inspection of industrial infrastructure including electrical towers, flare
stacks and pipelines; 4) precision agricultural work (hereinafter "the Purpose"), hereby applies
for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial
operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA in an exemption granted under
either Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f).

         HUVRData has set forth conditions herein that are in all cases consistent with or exceed
the equivalent level of safety set forth in Exemption 11062 and the related exemptions issued to
operators for scripted closed set filming for the motion picture and television industry.

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is
1) limited, 2) predetermined, 3) controlled as to access, and 4) would provide safety
enhancements to the already safe operations in the fields in which it will operate, presently
using conventional aircraft or humans climbing high and dangerous structures. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:

         HUVRData, LLC
         3736 Bee Cave Road, Suite 1-251
         Austin, Texas 78746
         Attn: Robert Baughmam

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Two

         Ph: 512-633-6448

         Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

         14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
         14 C.F.R. 91.119
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)
          14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
          14 C.F.R. 407(a)(1)
          14 C.F.R. 409(a)(2)
          14 C.F.R. 417(a) & (b)

          This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation
to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of
UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:

              · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
              · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
              · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(b). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely
in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. at § 333(c) (emphasis added).1

         The Federal Aviation Act, in addition to the authority granted by Section 333 of Reform
Act, expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its
terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under Section 40101 of the Act,
which includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of Section 333 or any Sections 44702-44716 of the Transportation
Act if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See
also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a); 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1). This authority to grant
exemptions reaches such issues as authorization of commercial operation of aircraft without a
pilot's license.

1 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications
for exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the
UAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements
for approval.

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Three

         HUVRData is a data analytics company that will provide aerial imaging and analysis for
wind farm surveys, solar surveys, industrial inspection of oil and gas, electrical and pipeline
systems and precision agriculture. HUVRData's sUASs are rotorcraft (eight rotors), weighing 25
or fewer lbs. including payload. They operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more
than 35 knots and have the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. They will operate at altitudes of no more than 400 feet AGL, as further
explained, and only in line of sight. They will operate only within the areas that have been pre-
approved by the land owners and their customers as set forth in HUVRData UAS Operations
Manual, attached as Exhibit 1 (hereinafter "the Manual"). Also attached and made a part hereof
is HUVRData UAS Aircraft Flight Manual (Exhibit 2) and Manufactures Manual (Exhibit 3). 2
Operations in compliance with these manuals will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard
to users of the national airspace system or the public"3 and that the aircraft will operate in
compliance with the conditions set forth in this application. The Manual sets forth in sections 4
and 7 the steps that will be taken to provide a secure area of operation for each flight.

         Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of
safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial
operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the sUASs, the restricted
areas in which the relevant sUASs will operate, and the fact that aircraft will be flown by pilots
holding at least a FAA private pilot license, approval of the application presents no national
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefits, including enhanced
safety, reduction in environmental impacts, reduced emissions associated with allowing battery
powered sUASs for these functions instead of turbine or gas power aircraft/rotorcraft, and
operations with pilots having at least a private pilot license, the grant of the requested
exemptions is in the public interest. This exemption request exceeds the equivalent level of
safety found in Exemption 11062 as all conditions of that exemption are met or exceeded as set
forth herein. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.

         AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that
have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the

2 Applicant submits these Manuals marked as "CONFIDENTIAL," as they contain proprietary business
information that is not released to the public and is protected under the Freedom of Information Act 5
U.S.C. § 553, et seq.
3 Reform Act, Section 333(b).

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Four

operations conducted with conventional aircraft or with humans climbing up and around
structures4.

          These limitations and conditions to which HUVRData agrees to be bound when
conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

1. The UAS must weigh less than 25lbs., including energy source(s) and equipment.
     Operations will be limited to the aircraft described in the proprietary Manual.

2. The UAS may not be flown at a speed exceeding a ground speed of 35 knots.

3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL)
     except as set forth in section 8.1.1.8.1 of the Manual. Operator will obtain advanced
     approval from the FAA prior to any operation involving a structure higher than 400AGL.
     Operator will at all times operate no more than 50 feet above such a structure. All
     altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

4. The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
     requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
     lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
     requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must
     be able to communicate verbally at all times.

6. The operator will be bound by and follow the Manual as approved by the FAA. Any
    additional requirements identified in the final conditions for this Exemption will be added to
    the Manual. The Manual will be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon
    request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the final exemption
    and the procedures outlined in the Manual, the conditions and limitations of the Exemption
    will take precedence and will be followed. Otherwise, the operator will follow the procedures
    as outlined in its Manual.

7. The operator will update or revise its Manual. It will be the operator's responsibility to track
     such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon
     request. The operator will also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
     extension or amendment. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect
     the basis for which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator will petition for
     amendment to their exemption. The operator will contact the FAA's UAS Integration Office
     (AFS-80) with questions that may arise regarding updates or revisions to the Manual.

8. Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If
     the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft will

4 These conditions are drawn from Exemption 11062 through 11067 and 11080.

     1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Five

     not operate until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to
     be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, will be included in the
     preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the
     aircraft records.

9. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
     flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
     functional test flight in accordance with the Manual. The PIC who conducts the functional
     test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and
     procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the Manual.

10. The operator will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
     replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When unavailable, aircraft
     maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements
    will be established and identified in the Manual. At a minimum, the following must be
    included in the Manual:

              a. Actuators / Servos
              b. Transmission (single rotor)
              c. Powerplant (motors)
              d. Propellers
              e. Electronic speed controller
              f. Batteries
              g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor)
              h. Remote command and control
              i. Ground control station (if used)
              j. Any other components as determined by the operator

11. The PIC will possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class
    medical certificate. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified in
     14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot certificate.

12. Prior to operations conducted for the Purpose, the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in
     a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours
     of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with a
     similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor). Prior documented flight experience that was
     obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will be used to satisfy this requirement.
     Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights may also be conducted under this grant
     of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations will
    be considered non-participants, and the PIC will operate the UA with appropriate distance
     from non-participants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

13. Prior to any flight operations authorized by a grant of exemption, the PIC and VO will have
     successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined in the Manual. The test will be

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Six

     developed and implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole discretion of the
     operator. A record of completion of this qualification process will be documented and made
     available to the Administrator upon request.

14. Prior to operations conducted for the Purpose, a flight demonstration, administered by an
    operator-approved and -qualified pilot will be successfully completed and documented. This
    documentation will be available for review upon request by the Administrator. Because the
    knowledge and airmanship test qualifications will be developed by the operator, and there
    are no established practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) evaluation and approval of company designated examiners, the
    Operator will conduct these tests in accordance with the Manual.

15. The UAS will not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting
     personnel necessary for the Purpose, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or
     property on the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the Manual establishes safety mitigations
    for authorized and consenting personnel. At all times, those persons must be essential to the
    Purpose.

17. Regarding distance from non-participating persons, the operator will ensure that no persons
    are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be involved and
    necessary for the Purpose.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its Global Positioning System (GPS) signal, the
    UAS will be programmed to return to a pre-determined location within the security perimeter
    and land or be recovered in accordance with the Manual.

19. The UAS will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
     accordance with the Manual.

20. Each UAS operation will be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25% battery
     power remaining, whichever occurs first.

21. The operator will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
     Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under an exemption. The operator
    will request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less
    than 48 hours prior to the operation.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be identified by serial number,
    registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N- Number)
    markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, subpt. C. Markings will be as large as
    practicable.

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Seven

23. The operator will develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS
     maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
     component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS. These procedures will be added
     to the Manual.

24. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control
    of the UA will comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
    appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

26. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC at
    the ground control station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
    will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

27. The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and
     activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities,
     parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

28. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
     operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights under
    special visual flight rules (SVFR) will not be undertaken.

29. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30. The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

31. The UA will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the FAA.
    The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non- towered
    airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
    agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with
    the airport management will be made available to the Administrator upon request.

32. Any 1) incident, 2) accident, or 3) flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be reported to the
     Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
     Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per
     instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations will
     not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and
     authorization to resume operations is provided.

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Eight

Specific Uses

         HuvrData proposed use of its UAS provided equivalent or augmented levels of safety for
each of the uses proposed herein:

         Wind Farms Use of UAS eliminates the human safety risk of manually inspecting the
wind turbines, which is predominately accomplished through the use of ropes, and also reduces
the downtime of wind turbines under inspection, thereby increasing the efficiency of Clean
Power Generation. Each turbine is flown individually, there will be no flights between each
turbine, and the sUAS is carried by truck to the next turbine.

         Solar Use of UAS eliminates the need for low altitude flyovers with commercial
helicopters and fixed wing aircraft, both of which carry passengers and large amounts of
flammable fuels. These large aircraft are flown to the sight whereas the sUAS will be
transported via ground transportation to the sight, thus limiting the exposure associated with
flying to and from the inspection site. The use of sUASs will increase the efficiency of the solar
farm, driving down the cost of solar generated power.

         Industrial Inspection Use of UAS eliminates the need for low altitude flyovers with
commercial helicopters for flare stack and industrial inspections, including power line towers
and pipe lines. The present system exposes not only those in the immediate area to be
inspected to risk, but those who are along the path of flight associated with the arrival and
departure of conventional aircraft at the inspection site since those aircraft must be flown to and
from the site. These conventional aircraft also weigh on order of magnitude more than the
sUAS and carry flammable fuels that are not carried by the sUAS. The use of sUASs will
increase the efficiency of the industrial plant operation, driving down the cost of the operation.

         Precision Agriculture Use of UAS eliminates the need for low altitude flyovers with
commercial helicopters or fixed wind aircraft for agricultural inspection. The present system
exposes not only those in the immediate area to be inspected to risk, but those who are along
the path of flight associated with the arrival and departure of the conventional aircraft at the
inspection site since those aircraft must be flown to and from the site. These conventional
aircraft also weigh on order of magnitude more than the sUAS and carry flammable fuels that
are not carried by the UAS. Precision Agriculture reduces the spreading of unnecessary
fertilizer, which is harmful to water ways and the environment; it also improves farmers' yields
and, therefore, reduces the cost to the public of the crops inspected by UAS. The use of sUAS
will also improve the effective use of irrigation, reducing over watering in those areas of the
country where water is very scarce.

         Exhibits 1 and 2 set forth the Mission Description and the Sterile Area/Airspace Control
for the Purpose as described herein. Exhibit 1 at 6 thru 7 and 11 thru 12; Exhibit 2 at 20-24.

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Nine

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

         Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent
level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private
pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small sUAS. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries a pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no
living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are
planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. The level of safety provided by
the requirements included in the Manual exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a
commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the
operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61 at the time it was drafted, that allowing operations of the
sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved
by 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b). The FAA has granted exemptions for private pilots to conduct
similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(c)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the
FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is similar to a helicopter, and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Manual and in
condition #4, page 3, the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission
of the property owner, facility owner, and local officials. Because of the advance notice to the
property owner and participants, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations as set forth in the Manual. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than the maximum 25lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel,
any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented by
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the aerial photography industry. In
addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these small-
UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section
91.119. The FAA has granted exemptions to conduct similar operations in Exemptions 11062
through 11067 and 11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

         Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Ten

to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ 1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or 2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

         The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To
meet the 30-minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to
approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area
and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for
flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

         Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of
prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area
where only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will
be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.

         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to
30 minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more
than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited
operating area.

         Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673, 10808 and Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except
as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part
43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by
the operator pursuant to the Manuals, Exhibits 1 through 3. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and
operate only in areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS can land
immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the
Manuals, the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight,
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. The FAA has granted exemptions
for similar operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080.

                                                               *********

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Eleven

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

         14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b); 91.119(c); 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1);
91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55 lbs. or
less) in 1) wind farm survey; 2) solar farm survey; 3) inspection of industrial infrastructure
including electrical towers, flare stacks and pipelines; and 4) precision agricultural work.

         Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs for aerial imaging for
1) wind farm survey; 2) solar farm survey; 3) inspection of industrial infrastructure including
electrical towers, flare stacks and pipelines; and 4) precision agricultural work will enhance
safety by reducing risk. Conventional operations, using jet or piston powered aircraft, operate at
extremely low altitudes just feet from the subject being filmed and in extreme proximity to people
and structures, and present the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of
6,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopters). Such
aircraft must fly to and from the project location. In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 25
lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and
lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to the target area and not flown.
The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

         The operation of small UASs, weighing fewer than 25 lbs., conducted in accordance with
the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, and in areas that are under the control of the customer for the inspections
and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters
operating in close proximity to the ground and people or, alternatively, the use of people to climb
the structures to conduct the inspection.

          Privacy

         All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
prior consent and knowledge. Inspection will be of inanimate objects in areas where the owners
and/or operator will have consented to observation/ filming or otherwise have agreed to be in
the area where inspection will take place.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
visual line of sight, and national security--provide more than adequate justification for the

    1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
November 7, 2014
Page Twelve

grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS for the
Purposes outlined herein and are consistent with and exceed the level of safety established in
the exemptions already granted, including Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080.

                                                                     Sincerely,

                              Jonathan B. Hill
                              M. Anne Swanson
                              Cooley LLC
                              Counsel for HuvrData LLC.

                              John McGraw
                              John McGraw Aerospace Consulting, LLC
                              Agent for HuvrData LLC

cc: James Williams
         Robert Pappas
         Jake Troutman
         Dean Griffith, Esq.
         Thuy H. Cooper

1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004-2400 T: (202) 842-7800 F: (202) 842-7899 WWW.COOLEY.COM
