June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11891
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0778

Ms. Constance M. Pendleton, Esq.
Mr. Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
Counsel for Idaho Power Company
1919 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW.
Suite 800
Washington, DC 20006

Dear Ms. Pendleton and Mr. Wright:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 23, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Idaho Power Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct low altitude
environmental research and resource monitoring, including monitoring of salmon spawning
activity in the Snake River.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a MikroKopter sUAS.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Idaho Power Company is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Idaho Power Company is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the MikroKopter
    sUAS when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
    any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                   UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
             DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
           FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                          WASHINGTON, D.C.

IDAHO POWER COMPANY'S PETITION FOR EXEMPTION
                  PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012
                (PUBLIC LAW 112-95, 126 STAT 11)

IDAHO POWER COMPANY     Submitted on March 23, 2015
Phillip A. Groves
Nathan Gardiner, Esq.   DAVIS WRIGHT TREMAINE LLP
1221 West Idaho Street  Constance M. Pendleton, Esq.
Boise, Idaho 83702      1919 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Suite 800
Tel: (208) 388-2597     Washington, DC 20006-3401
                        Tel: (202) 973-4229
Applicant               Fax: (202) 973-4499
                        Email: conniependleton@dwt.com

                        Attorneysfor Idaho Power ompany
                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

I. SUMMARY AND BACKGROUND ......................................... ......................................... 1
         A. Applicant Idaho Power Company............................................................... ............. 1
         B. Idaho Power Company's Proposed sUAS ...............................................................2
         C. Idaho Power Company's Proposed Use ofsUAS ................................................... .3

II. RELEVANT AUTHORITY ................................................................................................4
         A. Section 333 ................................................................... ... ........................................4
         B. Section 44701(:£)...................................................................................................... 5
         C. Other Authority........................................................................................................5

III. BASIS FOR PETITION .. ...... .. ................................... .........................................................6
         A. Name and Address of the Applicant. .................................................................. .....6
         B. Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Idaho Power Company Seeks
                  Exemption............................................................................................................ .... 6
         C. The Extent ofReliefidaho Power Company'Seeks and the Reason Idaho
                  Power Company Seeks Relief From Specific Parts of the Federal Aviation
                  Regulations ............................................................................................................ 17
         D. Granting Idaho Power Company's Request Would Be In The Public Interest
                  and Would Benefit the Public as a Whole .............................................................21
         E. The Reasons Why Granting the Exemptions Would Not Adversely Affect
                  Safety, or How the Exemptions Would Provide a Level of Safety at Least
                  Equal to that Provided by the Existing Rule..........................................................28
         F. Summary Suitable for Publication in the Federal Register. ..................................37
         G. Additional Information..........................................................................................37

IV. CONCLUSION........ ..........................................................................................................38

                                                                                     1
                                I. SUMMARY AND BACKGROUND

          Idaho Power Company ("IPC") respectfully requests an expedited exemption from

Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and

Reform Act of2012, to operate a small unmanned airsystem ("sUAS"). IPC's requested

exemption would support IPC's application for a civil, commercial Certificate of Authorization

("COA'') to use a MikroKopter sUAS over sparsely populated and unpopulated areas in Idaho

for low altitude environmental research and resource monitoring, including monitoring of salmon

spawning activity in the Snake River as part ofiPC's efforts to comply with the Environmental

Species Act ("ESA") and to support hydro-facility relicensing required by the Federal Energy

Regulatory Commission ("FERC"). 1

         A. Applicant Idaho Power Company

          IPC, an electric utility company headquartered in Boise, Idaho, is engaged in the

generation, transmission, distribution, sale and purchase of electric energy. Since 1916, IPC has

provided safe, reliable, responsible, fair-priced service to its customers. In addition to providing

energy, IPC cares for the environment. Some of IPC' s environmental work - including

monitoring of salmon spawning activity and vegetation mapping -requires aerial surveys in

1 As described in more detail in this Petition, IPC requests exemption from the following
regulations: 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, §§ 21.173 and 21.175(a) and (b) (airworthiness
certificates); 14 C.F.R. § 45.23(a) and (b) (display of marks); 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a) (location of
marks); 14 C.F.R. § 45.29(a), (b)(3), (c), (d), (e), and (f) (size of marks); 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a)
and (b) (private pilot privileges and limitations); 14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a) (commercial pilot
privileges and limitations); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) (civil aircraft airworthiness); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(a),
(b), and (c) (civil aircraft flight manual); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) (flight instruction); 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119 (minimum safe altitudes); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 (altimeter settings); 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.151(b) (fuel requirements); 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (civil aircraft certifications); 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.405(a) (required maintenance); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1) (operation after maintenance,
rebuilding or alteration); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a) (inspections); and 14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a) and (b)
(maintenance records). IPC also requests the exemptions that are necessary to such approval
pursuant to 49 U.S.C. § 44701(±), and 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.

                                                                1
rugged, isolated, wilderness terrain along the Snake River in Idaho, for which IPC seeks to use
sUAS.

         B. Idaho Power Company's Proposed sUAS
         IPC proposes to use a MikroKopter sUAS, built and distributed by Quadcopter, LLC, in
Montana. As set forth in more detail in the MikroKopter Pilots Operating Manual, attached
hereto as Exhibit 1 (translated from the original German), the MikroKopter sUAS consists of a
lightweight hexa-rotor craft (Hexacopter), a laptop computer-based ground control system, and a
2.4 GHz radio control transmitter commonly associated with recreational models. The
Hexacopter has a ten inch diameter central hub, protected by a plastic dome, that contains all of
the major electrical components, including microchips for flight and navigation control, onboard
GPS, flight recording, multi-axis accelerometers (for auto-stabilization), and remote control
radio receivers. Six regularly spaced aluminum arms radiate out horizontally from the central
hub. A small brushless motor and propeller blade are attached to the distal end of each arm.
Along the bottom of the forward arm are a set ofbright red LED lights, and along two ofthe rear
facing legs are sets of bright blue LED lights. These lights are on when the sUAS is under
power, enhancing visibility of the sUAS for personnel on the ground.
         Directly beneath the central hub is a camera mount that can hold a payload of
approximately 150 grams. The Hexacopter has an overall diameter of approximately 2.3 feet,
stands about one foot high, and weighs slightly less than five pounds (with camera payload).
The Hexacopter is battery operated and can maintain flight for approximately 20 minutes on a
full charge. Typical cruising speed over the ground is approximately ten nautical miles per hour,
and maximum speed is approximately 35 nautical miles per hour. The Hexacopter carries
onboard either a GoPro video or a small Pentax still camera.

                                                          2
          C. Idaho Power Company's Proposed Use of sUAS
          sUAS will provide IPC a safer and more efficient means to collect low altitude, precision
video or photogrammetry to support and enhance IPC's monitoring of environmental resource
programs. The high-resolution data obtained by a sUAS can be used to monitor ESA-listed
salmon spawning activity in hard-to-access or environmentally sensitive areas, assess changes in
vegetation type and cover in sensitive areas, catalogue archaeological resources, and map
aquatic, littoral, and terrestrial habitat for sensitive species without the use of helicopters or other
vehicles that may have more impact than sUAS. Helicopters are not only more expensive than
sUAS, they are also more dangerous, as demonstrated by a 2010 helicopter crash in Idaho in a
mission similar to IPC's that resulted in the loss oflife of the pilot and biologists on board.
sUAS would allow IPC biologists and resource managers to remotely obtain high quality data,
while increasing the overall safety of personnel, potentially reducing or eliminating impacts to
the environment, and reducing operation and maintenance costs.
         IPC proposes to use sUAS that weigh five or fewer pounds, operate at a speed often
nautical miles per hour and no more than 35 nautical miles per hour, and contain built-in safety
features. In addition, IPC proposes to use the sUAS at low altitudes no more than 400 feet above
ground level ("AGL"), away from airports or densely populated areas, on property that is owned
or controlled by IPC (or with the permission of the property owner), in sparsely populated or
unpopulated areas. IPC would operate the sUAS within the visual line of sight ofthe operator,
during the daytime, and under controlled conditions.
         Given the sUAS's light weight, flight performance, fully qualified operators, and strict
operation under the guidelines established in FAA Policy Order 8900.227 and outlined in this
Petition, IPC's operations will have a level of safety equivalent to or greater than manned aircraft
performing similar missions. The grant of this requested exemption is in the public interest

                                                            3
based on the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the environmental benefits and

reduced environmental impact, enhanced safety, and cost savings associated with transitioning to

sUAS for low altitude environmental resource monitoring and mapping.

          The next salmon spawning season on the Snake River begins in October of2015.

Accordingly, IPC respectfully requests that the Administration grant the requested exemption
without delay.2

                                     II. RELEVANT AUTHORITY

          The following laws, rules, and policy order provide the basis for IPC's requested

exemption:

          · Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform
                   Act")

      · 49 u.s.c. § 44701(f)

          · 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Subpart A, Section 11.61(b)
          · FAA Policy Order 8900.227, Paragraph 16

         A. Section 333.

         Section 333 of the Reform Act is a pathway for "expedited operational authorization."

Section 332(b)(1). Section 333 expressly grants the FAA, through the Secretary of

Transportation, the authority to "determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate

safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking required by"

other sections ofthe Reform Act.

2 Under 14 C.F.R. § 11.87, the Administration need not publish a summary ofiPC's Petition and
request comment if IPC presents or the Administration finds good cause why the Administration
should not delay action on IPC's Petition. Here, IPC' s petition is filed seven months before the
October 2015 salmon spawning season and is therefore timely. Delaying action on IPC's
Petition until after salmon spawning season would affect IPC adversely. In addition, the relief
IPC requests is identical to various exemptions the Administration has previously granted, as
described herein. Finally, granting the Petition would set a precedent for other petitions seeking
to use sUAS for research and monitoring of natural resources.

                                                        4
Section 333(b)(1) outlines the factors that the Administration shall use to determine

whether UAS may be operated safely in the national airspace system: size, weight, speed,

operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line

of sight. In addition, Section 333(b)(2) provides the Administration with the discretion to

determine that a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification is

not required to operate sUAS that are found to be appropriate under Section 333(b)(1). Finally,

Section 333(c) allows the Administration to establish requirements for safe operation of the

sUAS determined to be able to be operated safely in the national airspace system.

B. Section 44701(t).
In addition to its specific authority related to authorizing sUAS operation under Section

333, the Administration has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety requirements

and minimum standards if the Administration finds that the exemption is in the public interest.

49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). Administration regulations set forth the information that must be included

in a petition for exemption: (1) the applicant's name and mailing address; (2) the regulations

from which the applicant seeks exemption; (3) the extent of relief sought and why; (4) the

reasons why granting the request would be in the public interest and how it would benefit the

public as a whole; and (5) the reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect

safety, or how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to the rule from which

the applicant seeks exemption. 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.

C. Other Authority.
In addition, Part 11 of 14 C.F.R., Subpart A,§ 11.6l(b), provides the FAA the authority

to grant exemptions to any current regulation of 14 C.F.R. FAA Policy Order 8900.227,

paragraph 16, discusses sUAS pilot qualifications, and notes that, if certain conditions are met, a

current pilot certificate is not required.

                                            5
                                        III. BASIS FOR PETITION

         A. Name and Address of the Applicant.

          The name and address of the Applicant is:

                   Idaho Power Company
                   1221 West Idaho Street
                   Boise, Idaho 83702

          The point of contact for this Petition, and specific contact information is:

                   Constance M. Pendleton, Esq.
                   Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
                   1919 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Suite 800
                   Washington, DC 20006-3401
                   Direct Tel: (202) 973-4229
                   Fax: (202) 973-4499
                   Email: conniependleton@dwt.com

         B. Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Idaho Power Company Seeks
                  Exemption.3

                   1. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of Part 21, Subpart H:
                            Airworthiness Certificates,§§ 21.173, and 21.175(a) and (b)-
                            Airworthiness Certificates.

         Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates, Sections 21.173 and 21.175(a) and (b),

provides:

         Section 21.173, entitled Eligibility, states:

                   Any registered owner of a U.S.registered aircraft (or the agent of
                   the owner) may apply for an airworthiness certificate for that
                   aircraft. An application for an airworthiness certificate must be
                   made in a form and manner acceptable to the FAA, and may be
                   submitted to any FAA office.

         Section 21.175(a) and (b), entitled Airworthiness certificates: classification, states:

3 IPC has attempted to identify the applicable regulations for which an exemption is required for
its proposed sUAS use. To the extent that the Administration determines that any other safety
regulations might apply to IPC's proposed use, IPC further requests that this Petition be deemed
to seek an exemption from those requirements.

                                                                 6
                   (a) Standard airworthiness certificates are airworthiness
                            certificates issued for aircraft type certificated in the
                            normal, utility, acrobatic, commuter, or transport category,
                            and for manned free balloons, and for aircraft designated by
                            the FAA as special classes of aircraft.

                   (b) Special airworthiness certificates are primary, restricted,
                            limited, light-sport, and provisional airworthiness
                            certificates, special flight permits, and experimental
                            certificates.

                  2. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 45.23(a) and (b)-
                            Display of Marks.

         Section 45.23, entitled Display ofmarks; general, subsections (a) and (b), provides:

                   (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft
                            marks consisting of the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting
                            United States registration) followed by the registration
                            number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks
                            displayed must also be a Roman capital letter.

                   (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and
                            the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or
                            light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
                            provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
                            display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin,
                            cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
                            more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"
                            "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as
                            applicable.

                  3. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 45.27(a)-
                           Location of Marks.

         Section 45.27, entitled Location ofmarks; nonfixed-wing aircraft, subsection (a),

provides:

                  (a) Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on
                            that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin,
                            fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by§ 45.23.

                                                            7
         4. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 45.29(a), (b)(3), (c),
                  (d), (e), and (f) - Size of Marks.

Section 45.29, entitled Size ofmarks (for subsections noted above), provides:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (f) of this section, each
                   operator of an aircraft must display marks on the aircraft
                   meeting the size requirements of this section.

         (b) Height. Except as provided in paragraph (h) of this part, the
                  nationality and registration marks must be of equal height
                   and on:

                                   ***

                   (3) Rotorcraft, must be at least 12 inches high, except
                  that rotorcraft displaying before April18, 1983, marks
                  required by§ 45.29(b)(3) in effect on April17, 1983, and
                  rotorcraft manufactured on or after April18, 1983, but
                  before December 31, 1983, may display those marks until
                  the aircraft is repainted or the marks are repainted, restored,
                  or changed.

         (c) Width. Characters must be two-thirds as wide as they are
                  high, except the number "1 ", which must be one-sixth as
                  wide as it is high, and the letters "M" and "W" which may
                  be as wide as they are high.

         (d) Thickness. Characters must be formed by solid lines one-
                  sixth as thick as the character is high.

         (e) Spacing. The space between each character may not be
                  less than one-fourth of the character width.

         (f) If either one of the surfaces authorized for displaying
                  required marks under§ 45.25 is large enough for display of
                  marks meeting the size requirements ofthis section and the
                  other is not, full size marks must be placed on the larger
                  surface. If neither surface is large enough for full size
                  marks, marks as large as practicable must be displayed on
                  the larger of the two surfaces. If no surface authorized to
                  be marked by§ 45.27 is large enough for full-size marks,
                  marks as large as practicable must be placed on the largest
                  of the authorized surfaces. However, powered parachutes
                  and weight-shift-control aircraft must display marks at least
                  3 inches high.

                                                8
                  5. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 61.113(a) and (b)-
                            Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

subsections (a) and (b), provides:

                   (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) ofthis
                            section, no person who holds a private pilot certificate may
                            act as a pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
                            passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may
                            that person, for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
                            for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
                            aircraft.

                  (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot
                            in command of an aircraft in connection with any business
                            or employment if:

                            (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
                                     employment; and

                            (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property
                                     for compensation or hire.

                  6. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 61.133(a)-
                           Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

         Section 61.133, entitled Commercial pilot privileges and limitations, subsection (a),

provides:

                  (a) Privileges:

                           (1) General. A person who holds a commercial pilot
                                     certificate may act as pilot in command in command
                                     of an aircraft:

                                     (i) Carrying persons or property for
                                              compensation or hire, provided the person is
                                              qualified in accordance with this part and
                                              with the applicable parts of this chapter that
                                              apply to the operation; and

                                     (ii) For compensation or hire, provided the
                                              person is qualified in accordance with this
                                              part and with the applicable parts of this
                                              chapter that apply to the operation.

                                                         9
                  7. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.7(a)- Civil
                            Aircraft Ainvorthiness.

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), provides:

                  (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
                            airworthy condition.

                  8. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.9(a), (b), and (c)
                           - Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard.

         Section 91.9, entitled Civil aircraftflight manual, marking, and placard requirements,

subsections (a), (b), and (c), provides:

                  (a) Except as provided in paragraph (d) of this section, no
                            person may operate a civil aircraft without complying with
                            the operating limitations specified in the approved Airplane
                            or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, markings, and placards, or as
                            otherwise prescribed by the certificating authority of the
                            country of registry.

                  (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft:

                            (1) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
                                     is required by § 21.5 of this chapter unless there is
                                     available in the aircraft a current, approved Airplane
                                     or Rotorcraft Flight Manual or the manual provided
                                     for in§ 121.141(b); and

                            (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
                                     is not required by § 21.5 ofthis chapter, unless there
                                     is available in the aircraft a current approved
                                     Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved
                                     manual material, markings, and placards, or any
                                     combination thereof.

                  (c) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft
                           unless that aircraft is identified in accordance with part 45
                           ofthis chapter.

                                                           10
                  9. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.109(a)- Flight
                           Instruction.

         Section 91.109, entitled Flight instruction; Simulated instrumentflight and certain flight

tests, subsection (a), provides:

                  (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned
                            free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless
                            that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. However,
                            instrument flight instruction may be given in an airplane
                            that is equipped with a single, functioning throwover
                            control wheel that controls the elevator and ailerons, in
                            place of fixed, dual controls, when:

                                     (1) The instructor has determined that the flight can be
                                               conducted safely; and

                                     (2) The person manipulating the controls has at least a private
                                               pilot certificate with appropriate category and class ratings.

                  10. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.119- Minimum
                           Safe Altitudes.

         Section 91.119, entitled Minimum safe altitudes: General, provides:

                  Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
                  operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

                            (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit
                                     fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to
                                     persons or property on the surface.

                            (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of
                                     a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air
                                     assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above
                                     the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of
                                     2,000 feet of the aircraft.

                            (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of
                                     500 feet above the surface, except over open water
                                     or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
                                     aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to
                                     any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

                            (d) Helicopters, poweredparachutes, and weight-shift-
                                     control aircraft. If the operation is conducted

                                                             11
                           without hazard to persons or property on the
                            surface:

                           (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the
                                     minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c)
                                     of this section, provided each person
                                     operating the helicopter complies with any
                                     routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
                                     helicopters by the FAA; and

                           (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control
                                     aircraft may be operated at less than the
                                     minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of
                                     this section.

         11. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.121 -Altimeter
                  Settings.

Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), provides:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the
                  cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case
                  may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when
                  operating:

                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to

                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a
                                    station along the route and within 100
                                    nautical miles of the aircraft;

                           (ii) If there is no station within the area
                                    prescribed in paragraph (a)(l)(i) of this
                                    section, the current reported altimeter setting
                                    of an appropriate available station; or

                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a
                                    radio, the elevation of the departure airport
                                    or an appropriate altimeter setting available
                                    before departure[.]

                                                 12
                  12. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.151(b)- Fuel
                           Requirements.

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),

provides:

                  (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR
                            conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
                            conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
                            intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
                            fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

                  13. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.203 - Display of
                           Civil Aircraft Certifications.

         Section 91.203, entitled Civil aircraft: Certifications required, provides:

                  (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a
                            civil aircraft unless it has within it the following:

                            (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate.
                                     Each U.S. airworthiness certificate used to comply
                                     with this subparagraph (except a special flight
                                     permit, a copy ofthe applicable operations
                                     specifications issued under § 21.197(c) of this
                                     chapter, appropriate sections of the air carrier
                                     manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this
                                     chapter containing that portion of the operations
                                     specifications issued under § 21.197(c), or an
                                     authorization under§ 91.611) must have on it the
                                     registration number assigned to the aircraft under
                                     part 47 of this chapter. However, the airWorthiness
                                     certificate need not have on it an assigned special
                                     identification number before 10 days after that
                                     number is first affixed to the aircraft. A revised
                                     airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned
                                     special identification number that has been affixed
                                     to an aircraft, may only be obtained upon
                                     application to an FAA Flight Standards district
                                     office.

                           (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to
                                     its owner or, for operation within the United States,
                                     the second copy of the Aircraft registration
                                     Application as provided for in § 47.31 (c), or a

                                                           13
                                     registration certification issued under the laws of a
                                     foreign country.

                  (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the
                           airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
                            section or a special flight authorization issued under
                            § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
                           that it is legible to passengers or crew.

                  (c) No person may operate an aircraft with a fuel tank installed
                           within the passenger compartment or a baggage
                           compartment unless the installation was accomplished
                           pursuant to part 43 ofthis chapter, and a copy of FAA
                           Form 337 authorizing that installation is on board the
                           aircraft.

                  (d) No person may operate a civil airplane (domestic or
                           foreign) into or out of an airport in the United States unless
                           it complies with the fuel venting and exhaust emissions
                           requirements of part 34 of this chapter.

                  14. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirement of§ 91.405(a)-
                           Required Maintenance.

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), provides:

                  (a) Each owner or operator of an aircraft:

                  (b) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E
                           of this part and shall between required inspections, except
                           as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
                           discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
                           chapter[.]

                  15. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.407(a)(1)-
                           Operation After Maintenance, Rebuilding or Alteration.

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation qfter maintenance, preventive maintenance,

rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(l), provides:

                  (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone
                           maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
                           alteration unless:

                           (i) It has been approved for return to service by a
                                    person authorized under§ 43.7 ofthis chapter[.]

                                                          14
         16. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.409(a)-
                  Inspections.

Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), provides:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no
                   person may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding
                   12 calendar months, it has had:

                   (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of
                            this chapter and has been approved for return to
                            service by a person authorized by§ 43.7 of this
                            chapter; or

                   (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
                            certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
                            chapter.

         17. IPC Seeks Exemption From the Requirements of§ 91.417(a) and (b)-
                  Maintenance Records.

Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), provides:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with§§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
                   registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the
                   periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive
                            maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-
                            hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
                            approved inspections, as appropriate, for each
                            aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
                            propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The
                            records must include:

                            (i) A description (or reference to data
                            acceptable to the Administrator) ofthe work
                            performed; and

                            (ii) The date of completion ofthe work
                            performed; and

                            (iii) The signature and certificate number of the
                            person approving the aircraft for return to service.

                                                   15
         (2) Records containing the following information:

                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe,
                  each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.

                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of
                  each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
                  appliance.

                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items
                  installed on the aircraft which are required to be
                  overhauled on a specified time basis.

                  (iv) The current inspection status ofthe aircraft,
                  including the time since the last inspection required
                  by the inspection program under which the aircraft
                  and its appliances are maintained.

                  (v) The current status of applicable
                  airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
                  including, for each, the method of compliance, the
                  AD or safety directive number and revision date. If
                  the AD or safety directive involves recurring action,
                  the time and date when the next action is required.

                  (vi) Copies ofthe forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d)
                  of this chapter for each major alteration to the
                  airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                  propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for
         the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(l) of this
                  section shall be retained until the work is repeated
                  or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
                  work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) ofthis
                  section shall be retained and transferred with the
                  aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or
                  operator under§ 43.11 of this chapter shall be
                  retained until the defects are repaired and the
                  aircraft is approved for return to service.

                                       16
         C. The Extent of Relief Idaho Power Company Seeks and the Reason Idaho
                   Power Company Seeks Relief From Specific Parts of the Federal Aviation
                   Regulations
                   1. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from Part
                            21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates, §§ 21.173 and 21.175(a)
                            and (b) - Airworthiness Certificates.

         Part 21 establishes procedural requirements for certifications under Section 44704,
including airworthy certificates. Both Sections 333 and 44701(b) authorize the Administration
to exempt aircraft from airworthiness certification under this Part based upon consideration of its
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas. See
Section 333.

         An exemption from the certificate of airworthiness requirement is reasonable here given
that the sUAS IPC intends to use is not of a type that is typically certificated (e.g., normal,
utility, acrobatic, commuter, or transport category). In addition, the sUAS does not fit the
criteria for craft that are typically granted a special airworthiness certificate (e.g., light-sport,
experimental, etc.). Therefore, IPC seeks relief from this requirement.

                  2. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                            § 45.23(a) and (b) - Display of Marks.

         Because the size of the sUAS IPC proposes to use is small and does not have a
conventional fuselage, cabin, cockpit, or main aircraft body on which the required marking could
be displayed, IPC seeks relief from Section 45.23, subsections (a) and (b).

                  3. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 45.27(a)- Location of Marks.

         As discussed in item 2 above, the size of the sUAS IPC proposes to use is small and does
not have a conventional fuselage, cabin, cockpit, or main aircraft body on which the required
marking could be displayed. Therefore, IPC seeks relief from Section 45.27(a).

                                                            17
                  4. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 45.29(a), (b)(3), (c), (d), (e), and (f)- Size of Marks.

          As discussed in items 2 and 3 above, the size ofthe sUAS IPC proposes to use is small
and does not have a conventional fuselage, cabin, cockpit, or main aircraft body on which the
required marking could be displayed. The sUAS does not have enough surface area to comply
with the intent of Section 45.29(a), (b)(3), (c), (d), (e), or (f). Therefore, IPC seeks relief from
this section.

                  5. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 61.113(a) and (b)- Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

          The sUAS IPC intends to use will be used for incidental purposes of business or
employment, namely environmental resource monitoring projects as part of IPC's efforts to
comply with the ESA and to support hydro-facility relicensing required by FERC. Because the
sUAS cannot carry passengers or property, but will be operated in accordance with FAA Order
8900.227, paragraph 16(c)(2)(c), IPC seeks relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b).

                  6. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 61.133(a)- Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

         Section 61.133 describes the privileges associated with holding a commercial pilot
certificate. The sUAS IPC intends to use will be used for incidental purposes ofbusiness or
employment, namely environmental resource monitoring projects as part ofiPC's efforts to
comply with the ESA and to support hydro-facility relicensing required by FERC. Because the
sUAS cannot carry passengers or property, and will be operated in accordance with FAA Order
8900.227, paragraph 16(c)(2)(c), IPC seeks relieffrom Section 61.133(a).

                  7. Extent ofreliefiPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                          § 91.7(a)- Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.

         IPC seeks relief from Section 91.7(a) to the extent required to allow IPC operators to
determine that IPC's intended sUAS is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight.

                                                             18
Airworthiness will be determined by complying with IPC operating manual (see Exhibit 1), and
by complying with a pre-flight and post-flight checklist for each flight, attached hereto as
Exhibits 2 and 3, respectively, including before first flight and after major maintenance or
upgrades. Therefore, IPC seeks relief from this requirement.

                   8. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.9(a), (b), and (c)- Civil Flight Manual, Markings and Placard.

          IPC seeks exemption from Section 91.9(a), (b) and (c) which refer to maintaining the
presence of flight manuals, specific placards, and specific markings on and onboard aircraft. The
intent of these requirements is to ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition, that flight
manuals are available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft, and that aircraft may be readily
identified. Because of the size and configuration of the sUAS IPC will use, it is not possible to
carry such a flight manual on the sUAS. Therefore, IPC seeks relief from this requirement.

                  9. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.109(a)- Flight Instruction.

         IPC seeks exemption from Section 91.109 concerning dual flight controls used during
flight instruction. Flight control for the sUAS IPC intends to use for operations is accomplished
through direct control from a standard hand-held 2.4 GHz radio control transmitter, pre-
programmed semi-autonomous auto pilot, or a lap top computer ground control station. None of
these components offers a simultaneous second set of_controls. Therefore, IPC seeks relief from
this requirement.

                  10. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.119 -Minimum Safe Altitudes.

         Section 91.119, concerning minimum safe altitudes, generally requires that a minimum
safe altitude should be 500 feet above the ground surface, or no closer than 500 feet to personnel,
vessels, vehicles, or structures. This section allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those

                                                             19
minimum altitudes under certain conditions. Because IPC intends to operate a sUAS at
elevations less than 400 feet AGL, relief from this regulation is requested.

                  11. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.121 -Altimeter Settings.

         Section 91.121 requires that manned aircraft maintain safe altitudes by referencing an
altimeter setting available within 100 nautical miles ofthe aircraft. The sUAS IPC intends to use
will be flown within visual sight of the pilot in command ("PIC") and visual observer ("VO"),
and will be operated below 400 feet AGL. Therefore, it will not be necessary to maintain
hemispherical cruising altitudes in order to de-conflict with other aircraft. Therefore, IPC seeks
relief from this requirement.

                  12. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.151(b)- Fuel Requirements.

         Section 91.151 (b) provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-
VFR conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly
after that for at least 30 minutes. The purpose of this section is to provide a reserve of energy as
a safety buffer for go-arounds and other landing delays. The sUAS IPC intends to use is battery
operated and the maximum duration of flight from a full battery charge is approximately 20
minutes. IPC's intended operations generally require less than 10 minutes of flight time (50% of
available flight time), leaving an additional 10 minutes of reserve energy to correct or alleviate
unforeseen developments. Therefore, IPC seeks relief from this requirement.

                  13. Extent of relief IPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           § 91.203 - Display of Civil Aircraft Certifications.

         The sUAS that IPC intends to use will not have a traditional airworthiness certificate. In
addition, the sUAS does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance, will not carry a pilot, crew or
passengers, does not have a fuel tank, and will not be operating out of an airport. It would not be

                                                            20
practicable to carry or display registration documents on the sUAS. Accordingly, relief from
Section 91.203 is warranted.

                  14. Extent ofreliefiPC seeks and the reason IPC seeks relief from
                           §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a), and 91.417(a) and (b)- Required
                            Maintenance.

         These sections set forth requirements for repairs and maintenance of aircraft, specifically
aircraft inspections, approvals by authorized personnel, and record keeping. IPC requests relief
from these requirements because they apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, not
to IPC's proposed operation of sUAS, and IPC's sUAS will be maintained by the operator
pursuant to the manufacturer's specifications, or, when necessary, by the manufacturer.

         D. Granting Idaho Power Company's Request Would Be In The Public Interest
                  and Would Benefit the Public as a Whole

         Granting IPC's petition will provide significant benefits to the public, the environment,
IPC, and its employees and customers by allowing IPC to safely, efficiently, and economically
perform aerial acquisition of data for research and monitoring of environmental resources, in
support of hydro-facility relicensing required by FERC and ofthe Endangered Species Act. The
use of sUAS would decrease congestion of the national airspace, reduce pollution, and provide
benefits to the economy. These benefits will be realized without privacy implications.

                  1. Public Benefit from the Aerial Acquisition of Data.
         The commercial use of sUAS for acquiring aerial data for research and monitoring of
natural resources- including salmon spawning surveys along the Hells Canyon Reach of the
Snake River- will be of significant benefit to the public. This data supports critical needs under
the Endangered Species Act and FERC hydro relicensing associated with the continued operation
of private hydroelectric facilities, such as those owned and operated by IPC. FERC relicensing
requirements for hydro-facilities generally ensure the stewardship responsibilities of private

                                                        21
entities that benefit from the use of public natural resources. Traditional methods for acquiring
this data include using manned aircraft at higher elevations, resulting in lower resolution of data,
and personnel on the ground, which reduces the ability to cover large areas efficiently. Using
sUAS for data acquisition allows for imagery collection at much lower altitudes than manned
aircraft, which provides an overall increase in the resolution of critical data. It also allows for
more precise control of the data collection, and the ability to review data quickly to ensure that
the proper information is being accessed. Moreover, using sUAS provides a perspective that
cannot be achieved by use of either traditional manned aircraft or personnel on the ground.
Finally, the use of sUAS also provides for opportunity to interact with several federal, state,
tribal, and other public and private entities on cooperative projects.

                  2. Public Benefit from Decreased Congestion of the NAS.
         The sUAS IPC intends to use is small, lightweight, and operates on battery power. It is
safer and more efficient and economical than manned aircraft, such as helicopters, traditionally
used to obtain aerial imagery. An exemption would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the
NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, and increase the safety for people and property in the air
and on the ground. An exemption would also help alleviate congestion around local airports,
caused by arriving, loitering, and departing aircraft. A reduction of manned aircraft conducting
aerial missions would also result in a reduced management load handled by air traffic control
during ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, loitering, and landing phases of flight operations.

                  3. Public Benefit with Respect to Safety.
         Conducting aerial data acquisition with a sUAS, instead of traditional manned aircraft,
would greatly benefit the public by reducing or eliminating several safety risks. Because the
sUAS IPC intends to use is small, lightweight, and operates on electric battery power, it would
eliminate air pollution, and significantly reduce noise pollution generated by traditional aerial

                                                     22
survey flight operations. The sUAS is an environmentally conscious alternative to large,
traditionally used manned aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) that burn fossil fuel.

         The use of sUAS for IPC's environmental resources monitoring programs, including
salmon spawning surveys along the Snake River, substantially reduces or eliminates risk to
safety and life of personnel. Even when operated under strict safety guidelines, traditional
manned aircraft, both fixed-wing and rotor craft, can and do fail during natural resource
monitoring projects similar to IPC's, often resulting in severe personal injury, or death to
personnel involved in the operations. (See, e.g., NTSB Reports SEA99FA013, WPR10FA440,
and SEA01FA100.)

         A recent helicopter crash in Idaho during a natural resource monitoring mission caused
IPC to seriously review its monitoring operations, and to explore new technologies that would
reduce or eliminate risks to personnel and property. See NTSB report WPR10FA440. The
purpose of that flight was to conduct salmon spawning surveys similar to IPC' s program. The
crash occurred on the Clearwater River in northern Idaho, near the site ofiPC's monitoring
program. The accident killed everyone onboard - two biologists and the pilot. It also
completely destroyed the helicopter and damaged property on the ground (see Figure 1). IPC
believes that use of sUAS in IPC's environmental resource monitoring program will prevent
these types of deadly accidents. Time is of the essence because IPC is scheduled to conduct its
next monitoring project in September and October 2015, when the salmon spawning season
begins.

         Figure 1. Photograph shows the helicopter crash site where two Idaho Fish and Game
biologists and their pilot were killed during a salmon spawning survey, near Kamiah, Idaho,
August 2010 due to an apparent mechanical malfunction (Photo from Kyle Mills, Lewiston

                                                             23
        ..

Tribune), see htto://missoulian.com/news/state-and-regional/k:illed-when-fish-and-game-
helicopter-crashes-in-kamiah-idaho/article fed8a14e-b54c-ll df-bfl a-001cc4c002e0.html.

         Because the sUAS IPC would use for its surveys carries no pilot, crew, or passengers,
these types of safety risks would be completely eliminated. In addition, because the sUAS is
lightweight (< 5.0 pounds with camera payload), and carries no fuel, if an accident ever were to
occur, there is a significantly lower risk of collateral damage to personnel or property on the
ground or in the air as compared to manned aircraft that typically conduct aerial data acquisition.

                  4. Public Benefit with Respect to Economy.
         In addition to being safe and efficient, the sUAS is also an economical alternative to
using manned aircraft to collect natural resources monitoring data. By reducing the cost of
operations, IPC can remain competitive and profitable, and can reduce costs to its customers.

                                                           24
                  5. Privacy Issues.
         sUAS would take the place of manned aircraft that, for decades, have flown similar
environmental research and monitoring missions. Just as the manned aircraft operations pose no
privacy issues, so too the sUAS carries little risk of any invasion ofprivacy. IPC's operations
will occur over remote, unpopulated areas along the Snake River in Idaho, as well as over IPC's
private property, or other private property with the owner's explicit permission. Figure 2 shows
the general area where the IPC salmon spawning surveys take place, and Figures 3, 4, and 5
show typical, isolated wilderness terrain in the area where IPC's surveys occur.

                  6. Integration of sUAS With National Airspace.
         The requested use presents a compelling case for the Administration moving forward
with efforts to integrate sUAS into the national airspace system as required by Section 333. The
public has a significant interest in efficient and safe environmental research and monitoring, and
IPC has proposed using sUAS to further this public interest in a way that is at least as safe as
operation of aircraft under existing regulations. IPC's request therefore provides the
Administration an appropriate vehicle to further Congress' mandate to expedite integration of
sUAS. In addition, IPC's operational experience resulting from the use of sUAS in these
operations may be valuable to the Administration in developing comprehensive rules governing
sUAS for the electric and other industries involved in natural resource monitoring projects.

                                                           25
         Figure 2. General map of the lower Snake River, showing the regional area where the
IPC salmon spawning surveys occur (enclosed in the red polygon), and the isolation from
populated areas. This area of the Snake River flows largely through a wilderness area (Hells
Canyon Recreation Area; Wallowa-Whitman National Forest), and is bordered on the east by
Idaho, on the northwest by Washington, and on the southwest by Oregon.

                                                           26
         Figure 3. View, facing upstream, of the Bernard Creek to Saddle Creek salmon spawning
area on the Snake River (near river mile 236), demonstrates the isolation and ruggedness of the
terrain associated with the Hells Canyon Reach of the Snake River.

         Figure 4. View, facing downstream, of the Imnaha River to Eureka Bar salmon spawning
area on the Snake River (near river mile 191), demonstrates the isolation and ruggedness ofthe
terrain associated with the Hells Canyon Reach of the Snake River.

                                                           27
         Figure 5. View, facing downstream, of the Buffalo Island salmon spawning area on the
Snake River (near river mile 161), demonstrates the isolation and ruggedness of the terrain
associated with the Hells Canyon Reach of the Snake River.

         E. The Reasons Why Granting the Exemptions Would Not Adversely Affect
                  Safety, or How the Exemptions Would Provide a Level of Safety at Least
                  Equal to that Provided by the Existing Rule.
                  1. Part 21, Subpart H: §§ 21.173 and 21.175(a) and (b) -Airworthiness
                            Certificates.

         The sUAS that IPC intends to use cannot carry a pilot, passengers or property for hire,
does not carry flammable fuel, and will be flown only under strict operational requirements.
Combined with the fact that the sUAS weighs less than five pounds and is constructed from
lightweight materials, the' sUAS and its operations will be as safe as or safer than a
conventionally certificated manned aircraft performing similar missions.

                  2. Section 45.23(a) and (b)- Marking Requirements.
         IPC proposes to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" on the sUAS propeller booms, where individuals in the vicinity ofthe

                                                     28
sUAS, while it is preparing for launch, will be able to see the designation. Additionally, the
permanent placard discussed for item 13 below will provide sUAS registration information
should it be found on the ground, if it were ever lost. Finally, IPC will display at the ground
station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground
Station" in letters three inches high or greater. Because the sUAS will operate within one-half
nautical mile of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone who observes the
sUAS and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

                  3. Section 45.27(a)- Location of Marks.
         As discussed in item 2 above, IPC proposes to achieve an equivalent level of safety by
including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on the sUAS propeller booms, where individuals in the
vicinity of the sUAS, while it is preparing for launch, will be able to see the designation.
Additionally, the permanent placard discussed for item 13 below will provide sUAS registration

                                                                                                                          /

information should it be found on the ground, if it were ever lost. Finally, IPC will display at the
ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft
Ground Station" in letters three inches high or greater. Because the sUAS will operate within
one-half nautical mile of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone who observes
the sUAS and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

                  4. Section 45.29(a), (b)(3), (c), (d), (e), and (f)- Size of Marks.
         As discussed in items 2 and 3 above, IPC will achieve an equivalent level of safety by
including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on the sUAS propeller booms, where individuals in the
vicinity ofthe sUAS, while it is preparing for launch, will be able to see the designation.
Additionally, the permanent placard discussed for item 13 below will provide sUAS registration
information should it be found on the ground, if it were ever lost. Finally, IPC will display at the
ground station a high contrast flag or banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft

                                                     29
Ground Station" in letters three inches high or greater. Because the sUAS will operate within

one-half nautical mile of the ground station, the banner should be visible to anyone who observes

the sUAS and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

                  5. Section 61.113(a) and (b)- Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

         By following certain requirements, an equivalent or higher level of safety can be

maintained throughout all sUAS flight operations. Specifically, the sUAS will be operated in the

field with both a pilot in command ("PIC") and a ground-based visual observer ("VO") in

accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS," with

the following restrictions:

                   (a) All operations will occur in Class G airspace at no more than 400 feet
                            AGL. This provides safe separation between the sUAS and manned
                            aircraft;

                   (b) Operations will occur over property owned or controlled by IPC, over
                            private property with the permission ofthe land owner, or over sparsely
                            populated or unpopulated areas. This provides an order of safety and
                            privacy from unwarranted surveillance of non-participating individuals;

                   (c) Operations over unpopulated portions of public lands (e.g., public forests,
                            national recreation areas, etc.) will occur with permission of the respective
                            administrative agency (e.g., U.S. Forest Service, Bureau of Land
                            Management, etc.) This provides a level of security to operations;

                   (d) When necessary, all required permits will be obtained from federal, state,
                            and local government prior to operation. This provides a level of security
                            to operations;

                  (e) The sUAS will not be operated over urban or populated areas. This
                            provides for safety, security, and privacy of individuals, and separation
                            from manned aircraft;

                  (f) The sUAS will not be operated at air shows or over an open-air assembly
                            of people. This provides a level of safety, security, and privacy of
                            individuals, and separation from manned aircraft;

                  (g) The sUAS will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads. This
                            provides a level of safety, security, and privacy for individuals, and
                            separation from manned aircraft;

                                                            30
                   (h) The sUAS will not be operated within five nautical miles of an airport or
                            heliport with active ATC. This provides a level of security and safety with
                            reference to separation from manned aircraft;

                   (i) Operations will be limited to daytime, visual meteorological conditions.
                            This provides for overall safe operations and enhances the ability to
                            maintain separation from manned aircraft;

                   G) The sUAS will remain within Visual Line of Sight, at no greater than one-
                            half nautical mile of the PIC at all times. This provides for overall safe
                            operations, and enhances the ability to maintain separation from manned
                            aircraft;

                   (k) While the sUAS is airborne, aVO will be positioned within normal voice
                            distance to the PIC. This provides for overall safe operations, and
                            enhances the ability to maintain separation from manned aircraft;

                   (1) The PIC will file a notice to airmen ("NOTAM") providing radial/DME,
                            radius, and a date/time group for each operation. This provides for overall
                            safe operations, and enhances the ability to maintain separation with
                            manned aircraft.

         In addition, personnel who may act as PIC, operators, or VO will meet the requirements

outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227, Section 16 "Personnel Qualifications." These individuals

will be required to successfully complete a FAA-recognized private pilot ground instruction and

pass the FAA Private Pilot written examination. Therefore, operators will receive instruction in

basic aeronautics, navigation, meteorology, and aviation regulations before conducting sUAS

operations. This measure aligns with the rule proposed in Administration's Notice of Proposed
Rulemaking,4 as a minimum requirement for commercial operators of unmanned aircraft that

weigh less than 55 pounds.

         Personnel who may act as PIC, operators, or VO will be required to complete ten hours of

computer-based flight simulation (using the radio transmitter that controls the actual sUAS), and

4 Operation and Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems, 80 Fed. Reg. 9544 (Feb. 23,
2015).

                                                            31
ten training flight hours (or 60 flights) on the sUAS intended for use. These training exercises
will occur before commencing actual field operations.

         In other Section 333 exemptions the FAA has granted recently, the FAA has required a
current commercial or private pilot certificate for the express purpose of satisfying security
screening of operators. In lieu of obtaining commercial or private pilot certifications, and in
order to fulfill Administration recommendations of complying with Department of Homeland
Security ("DHS") security screenings, IPC requests that its operators undergo a security
screening of equivalent level.

         IPC notes that the Administration has found that similar requirements provided an
equivalent or better level of safety for operation of sUAS for operations permitted pursuant to
public COAs.

         Additionally, the sUAS (MikroKopter- hexa) that IPC proposes to use has a high degree
of pre-programmed safety control. Three levels of safety are pre-programmed into the sUAS and
activated in the event of a loss of controllinlc First, each sUAS has four active radio receivers.
If one fails, resulting in the loss oflink to the on-ground radio transmitter, any ofthe remaining
three radio receivers will immediately pick up the control signal. Second, if all four radio
receivers fail, and ifthe sUAS has GPS signal, it will immediately cease movement and hover in
place at elevation for a pre-programmed amount of time. If control is not re-established during
that time, the sUAS will then automatically return to its point oflaunch and initiate another pre-
set hovering period. If control is not re-established during the home-point hover period, the
sUAS will then automatically reduce power and return to the ground. Third, if all radio receivers
fail, and ifthe sUAS does not have GPS signal, upon loss of control, the sUAS will immediately
cease movement and initiate a pre-programmed hover period, at elevation. If control has not

                                                           32
been re-established by the end of the pre-set hover period, the sUAS will then reduce power and
return to the ground.

                   6. Section 61.133(a) - Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.
          As discussed in item 5 above, by following certain requirements, an equivalent or higher
level of safety can be maintained throughout all sUAS flight operations. Specifically, the sUAS
will be operated in the field with both a PIC and a ground-based VO in accordance with FAA
Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS," with the restrictions noted
in item 5 above.
         Personnel who may act as PIC, operators, or VO will meet the requirements outlined in
FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16 "Personnel Qualifications." These individuals will be
required to successfully complete a FAA-recognized private pilot ground instruction and pass the
FAA Private Pilot written examination. Therefore, operators will receive instruction in basic
aeronautics, navigation, meteorology, and aviation regulations prior to conducting sUAS
operations. Finally, based on the Administration's recent Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on
sUAS, it appears to be the aim of the Administration to develop a new classification of airman
specifically for the sUAS operations that would require operator training and certification
identical to that which IPC proposes.
         Personnel who ma:r act as PIC, operators, or VO will be required to complete training as
noted in item number 5 above.
         In other Section 333 exemptions the FAA has granted recently, the FAA has required a
current commercial or private pilot certificate for the express purpose of satisfying security
screening of operators. In lieu of obtaining commercial or private pilot certifications, and in
order to fulfill FAA recommendations to comply with DHS security screenings, IPC requests
that its operators undergo a security screening of equivalent level.

                                                           33
          IPC notes that the Administration has found that similar requirements provided an
equivalent or better level of safety for operation of sUAS for cases of operations permitted
pursuant to public COAs.

                   7. Section 91.7(a)- Civil Aircraft Airworthiness.
          An exemption to this section will not affect the level of safety intended by the
Administration. An equivalent level of safety will be provided because sUAS operating manuals
and pre- and post-flight checklists will be present at the ground station and followed by the
operators. This will ensure an airworthy condition.

                  8. Section 91.9(a), (b) and (c)- Civil Flight Manual, Markings, and
                            Placard.

          With respect to airworthy condition, see discussion in item 7 above.
          With respect to markings and placards, see items 2, 3, and 4 above.
          With respect to having flight manuals onboard the aircraft, given the small size and
configuration of the sUAS, the lack of a cockpit, and the fact that no persons will be aboard the
sUAS, it is unnecessary and not possible to carry the documents required by this section. To
obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of Section 91.9, IPC will make a current,
approved sUAS operating manual (see Exhibit 1) available to the operator at the ground station
anytime the sUAS is being prepared for flight, or is in flight, so that the operator has immediate
access to the manual. The Administration has previously issued exemptions to this regulation:
See, e.g., Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
32827, and 10700.

                  9. Section 91.109- Flight Instruction.
         An equivalent level of safety can be assured with instruction provided through a training
program. During training flights the instructor and trainee will be situated side by side, and the

                                                            34
control transmitter can be readily passed between the instructor and trainee. In addition, the
sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers. The size and speed of the sUAS, and its safety
features limiting the potential for operation outside the operating conditions set forth in this
Petition provide an equivalent level of safety. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight
training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction
in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K and 9862A.

                  10. Section 91.119- Minimum Safe Altitudes.
         To provide an equivalent level of safety, flights will only occur over sparsely populated
or un-populated areas, private property owned by IPC, or with the permission of the private
property owners. If flown over private property not owned by IPC, and if bystanders are present,
those individuals will be notified about the expected flight route and the associated risks to
persons and property on the ground. Because of the small size, light weight, and speed of the
sUAS, the risk to people, vessels, vehicles, and structures is substantially lower than that of
manned aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. The sUAS will not be operated over congested
areas or over any open air assembly of people. The sUAS does not carry flammable fuel. The
sUAS will be operated at an altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
without undue risk to people or property on the ground. The low altitude flight ofiPC's sUAS
operations will ensure separation between IPC's sUAS operations and the normal operations of
conventional manned aircraft, which generally operate above 500 feet AGL.

                  11. Section 91.121 -Altimeter Settings.
         An appropriate altimeter measurement presented to the sUAS operator/pilot should be
above ground level based on the local barometric pressure at the point of launch. To provide an
equivalent level of safety, the sUAS altimeter will be set to zero on the ground prior to each and
every flight. Since the sUAS can fly no more than 20 minutes and is intended to remain within

                                                     35
the visual line of sight of the operator(s), even rapid changes in barometric pressure will have
limited effect on the safety of the flight.

                   12. Section 91.151(b)- Fuel Requirements.
          Since IPC's operations generally require less than ten minutes and the sUAS will not be
flown more than one-half nautical mile from the point of launch and intended landing, a full
battery charge at launch will ensure that the intent ofthe reserve energy requirement ofthis
section is met. IPC believes that relief from this section of 14 C.F.R. is safe and within the scope
of exemptions to other applicants previously granted.

                   13. Section 91.203 -Display of Civil Aircraft Certifications.
          In order to meet or exceed an equivalent level of safety, IPC proposes to affix a placard to
the sUAS that provides the following information:

                   (a) Manufacturer;
                   (b) Serial Number (or IPC Property Number);
                   (c) IPC Contact Information.
         In addition, registration documents will be kept on the ground at the control point where
the operator will have immediate access to them.
                  14. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a), and 91.417(a) and (b)

                           inclusive - Required Maintenance.
         IPC plans to have the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the sUAS and be
authorized to approve the sUAS for return to service. As provided in the attached sUAS
operating manual (see Exhibit 1), the PIC will ensure that the sUAS is in an airworthy condition
prior to flight and conduct detailed inspections after every ten hours of operation. Maintenance
performed by the PIC will be limited to replacing rotor booms, replacing propellers, motors and
wires, repairing and replacing the camera mount/gimbal, repairing and replacing landing struts,

                                                          36
 and updating software and firmware. All other maintenance will be performed by the
manufacturer. The PIC will document work performed. IPC is confident that, because of the
small size, construction, and simplicity ofthe sUAS, and lack of flammable fuel, the PIC can
ensure an equivalent level of safety. In granting exemptions from these sections to other
applicants, the Administration has found an equivalent level of safety compared to manned
aircraft. See, e.g., Exemption Nos. 11109, 11136, and 11138.

         F. Summary Suitable for Publication in the Federal Register.
          IPC petitions the Federal Aviation Administration for relief from compliance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H;14 C.F.R. Part 27; 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(a) and (b); 45.27(a); 45.29(a),
(b)(3), (c), (d), (e) and (f); 61.113 (a) and (b); 61.133(a); 91.7(a); 91.9(a), (b) and (c); 91.109(a);
91.119; 91.121; 91.151(b); 91.203; 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(l); 91.409(a); 91.417(a) and (b) for
purposes of operating small unmanned aircraft weighing less than five pounds on property that is
owned or controlled by IPC, over private property with permission of the landowner, and/or over
sparsely populated or unpopulated areas. IPC proposes that its operation be subject to the
operating conditions and safety standards set forth in the Petition in lieu ofthe above-referenced
regulations in order to provide a level of safety equivalent to those regulations.
         G. Additional Information.
         In support of its Petition, IPC includes, for the Administration's review and
consideration, the operating manual for the sUAS IPC plans to use for its natural resource,
research, and monitoring, MikroKopter Pilots Operating Manual, translated from German
(attached as Exhibit 1), the Checklist for Use Prior to First Flight, and After Major Maintenance
Upgrades (attached as Exhibit 2), and MikroKopter Pre-Flight Checklist and MikroKopter Post-
Flight Checklist (attached as Exhibit 3).

                                                            37
                        IV. CONCLUSION

For the reasons set forth above, IPC satisfies the relevant criteria for approval under

Section 333 of the Reform Act and exemptions from referenced regulations pursuant to 49

U.S.C. § 44701 (f). Accordingly, IPC respectfully requests that the Administration grant the

relief requested in this Petition to allow IPC to use sUAS for the purposes and under the

conditions set forth herein. Granting this Petition will not only further Congress' instruction to

expedite the safe integration ofUAS into the national airspace system, but will also further the

significant public interest in the safe and reliable research and monitoring of natural resources.

March 23, 2015          Respectfully submitted,

                        Constance M. Pendlet n
                        Davis Wright Tremaine LLP
                        1919 Pennsylvania Ave, NW
                        Suite 800
                        Washington, DC 20006-3401
                        Tel: (202) 973-4229
                        Fax: (202) 973-4499
                        Email: conniependleton@dwt.com

                        Attorneys for Idaho Power Company

IDAHO POWER COMPANY
Phillip A. Groves
Nathan Gardiner, Esq.
1221 West Idaho Street
Boise, Idaho 83702
Tel: (208) 388-2597

Applicant

                        38
